





Deutsche Bank – Products & Services






























Meta Navigation: Deutsche Bank GroupSitemapContactItaliano



Deutsche Bank Search





Search Query




Primary Navigation: HomeCompanyNews & EventsVision and BrandHistoryProducts and ServicesGroup CompaniesCorporate GovernanceFinancial ReportsDeutsche Bank GlobalAwardsApp "La Mia Banca"Social MediaDiversityProducts & ServicesPersonal BankingPrivate BankingBusiness BankingDeutsche Bank EasyMortgagesFinancial AdvisorsWealth ManagementAsset ManagementReal EstateMarketsGlobal Transaction BankingCorporate FinancePressPress ReleasesSocial MediaContactPhotosResponsibilityBorn To BeMade For GoodIn the CommunityCorporate VolunteeringArt and MusicSustainabilityBuilding Social CapitalFoundationProfileProjectsPartnerNewsCareers
You are here:HomeProducts & Services











Secondary Navigation: Personal BankingPrivate BankingBusiness BankingDeutsche Bank EasyMortgagesFinancial AdvisorsWealth ManagementAsset ManagementReal EstateMarketsGlobal Transaction BankingCorporate Finance 

                                








 Products & Services






Private & Business Clients




Personal Banking 

Private Banking

Business Banking

A broad range of  products developed to meet all the needs of our clients. more
A qualified partner to build the present and plan the future. more
When working with small companies,entrepreneurs, professionals, shopkeepersartisans and medium-sized companies,Deutsche Bank can be an invaluable allyin business management. more



High Net Worth Individuals



Private Wealth Management




PWM's mission is to be the lead, trusted advisor for wealthy individuals, their families and select institutions worldwide more




Specialisation areas within the Deutsche Bank Group




Financial Advisors

Asset Management

Real Estate

Finanza & Futuro Banca
DWS Investments
RREEF Fondimmobiliari SGR


DWS GO



Light Banking
DB Advisors

Mortgages

Deutsche Bank Easy
X-markets
Deutsche Bank


db x-trackers



 








Corporate and Investment Bank




Markets 


Global Transaction Banking

Corporate Finance

Equity
Cash Management
M&A Advisory

Credit
Trade Finance
Equity Capital Markets

Rates
Trust and Securities Services
Debt Finance

Foreign Exchange
Capital Market Sales
Commercial Real Estate

Commodities

Asset Finance Leasing

Capital Markets


























Footer Navigation: 
DisclaimerData ProtectionAccessibilityMiFIDSEPABank TransparencyProspectusesContract RulesLast Update: December 9, 2015
Copyright © 2017 Deutsche Bank AG, Frankfurt am Main




































Banks of Italy































 




 











Banks in Italy


The Italy's banking system consists of two levels: the first one is represented by the Bank of Italy, the country's central bank, and the second -  by commercial and specialized banks.







 


Poste Italiane Bancoposta


Bancoposta is a division of the Italian Post Office that provides financial services such as current and savings accounts, issuing of prepaid banking cards, payment services (dispensing pensions, post bulletins, cheques etc.), foreign exchange trading, loans, investment services and insurance.



Deutsche Bank Italia


Italy is the largest European market after Germany for Deutsche bank. With about 4,000 employees, 550 retail outlets and over 1,550 financial advisers nationwide, the company is among the most important international financial groups in the country, where it operates both as a commercial and investment bank. 



BNP Paribas BNL D’Italia


Part of BNP Paribas Group, founded in 1913, BNL is one of the leading banking groups in Italy, with about 2.5 million retail customers, including 130 thousand small businesses and professionals and over 33 thousand between companies and institutions. At the end of 2014, revenues amounted to 3.2 billion euro.



Chebanca


CheBanca! is the direct banking arm of Mediobanca, offering bank accounts, savings, asset management, mortgages and insurance products through the Internet, telephone and its 47 offices across the Italy.



Intesa Sanpaolo


Intesa Sanpaolo is one of the largest and well-known banks in Italy and abroad, with 45.9 billion euros ranked the 6th Italian financial group by revenue (and among the top 500 in the world).



Banca UniCredit


It is an Italian branch of the Unicredit banking group, which is one of the largest European financial conglomerates. Among the group’s subsidiaries are Hypo Vereinsbank AG, Bank of Austria, Creditanstalt, Bank Pekao, Zagreb bank.



Mediobanca


Mediobanca is a large bank in Italy (3,570 employees as for 2014) with head office in Milan. The bank operates in investment, retail, private banking and investment management areas.



Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena


Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena represents Montepaschi group, one of the largest and oldest banking groups in the country. The bank’s main services are retail and investment banking, insurance and investment management.



Banca Popolare di Milano


Banca Popolare di Milano is a part of the BPM Group, which is one of the biggest financial holdings in Italy with 8,357 employees and more than 1.4 million customers. The bank’s head office is located at Piazza Filippo Meda 4 in Milan.



Banca Carige


It is the heading company of the Banca Carige Group, one of the six banking, insurance and pension conglomerates in Italy, headquartered in Genova.



UBI Banca


UBI Banca is one of the largest banks in Italy, serving customers with 1560 branches and employing more than 18000 people. The bank’s shares are included in the FTSE MIB index and are circulating on the Italian Stock Exchange.



Banco Popolare


Banco Popolare is an Italian cooperative banking network with about 1900 branches, based in Verona. The bank is listed on the Italian Stock Exchange where it ranked 15th among the other financial institutions in the country (also 10th among all banks in Italy).



Banca Sella


Banca Sella S.p.A is a bank headquartered in Biella, Italy. The bank provides banking, insurance and asset management services for its clients across the Europe. It also known in Italy for its sella.it brand, under which it offers internet banking products.



Banca Mediolanum


The banking arm of the Gruppo Mediolanum, an Italian financial group, that operates in the banking and insurance sector and headquartered in Milan. The main bank’s services include current accounts, mortgages and loans, investment securities and insurance.



Veneto Banca


Banca Veneto is a bank in Italy, the heading company of the cooperative banking group Veneto Banca Group, one of the 14 local financial institutions.



Credem


CREDEM Banca is a heading bank of the Credito Emiliano Banking Group. On February 4, 2011 it was the eleventh country’s bank in the ranking of the 15 most capitalised banks listed on the Italian stock exchange.




Translate: Branches & ATMs by location

Bari

Bologna

Catania

Como

Firenze

Genoa

Milano

Napoli

Padova

Palermo

Pisa

Roma

Torino

Venice

Verona




Most used SWIFT codes

Cassa di Risparmio del Veneto SWIFT / BIC Codes in Italy 
Banca Popolare di Verona SWIFT / BIC Codes in Italy 
BNP Paribas Italy Bank SWIFT / BIC Codes 
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena SWIFT / BIC Codes in Italy 



Popular banks locations

UBI Banca Milano 
BNP Paribas BNL D’Italia Rome Branches and ATMs 
UniCredit Roma 
UBI Banca Roma 
BNP Paribas BNL D’Italia Branches and ATMs in Venice 



Must read

Getting a Credit Card in Banca Unicredit in Italy 
Italian main banks branches and ATMs in airports of Rome 
Banking Services and ATMs in Venice Marco Polo Airport (VCE) 
Banks and ATMs near Main Train Stations in Italy 


More articles...




© 2017 bankingitaly.com
		

Privacy Policy
        |  
      Terms of Service
        |  
      Contacts











 






Banks of Italy































 




 











Banks in Italy


The Italy's banking system consists of two levels: the first one is represented by the Bank of Italy, the country's central bank, and the second -  by commercial and specialized banks.







 


Poste Italiane Bancoposta


Bancoposta is a division of the Italian Post Office that provides financial services such as current and savings accounts, issuing of prepaid banking cards, payment services (dispensing pensions, post bulletins, cheques etc.), foreign exchange trading, loans, investment services and insurance.



Deutsche Bank Italia


Italy is the largest European market after Germany for Deutsche bank. With about 4,000 employees, 550 retail outlets and over 1,550 financial advisers nationwide, the company is among the most important international financial groups in the country, where it operates both as a commercial and investment bank. 



BNP Paribas BNL D’Italia


Part of BNP Paribas Group, founded in 1913, BNL is one of the leading banking groups in Italy, with about 2.5 million retail customers, including 130 thousand small businesses and professionals and over 33 thousand between companies and institutions. At the end of 2014, revenues amounted to 3.2 billion euro.



Chebanca


CheBanca! is the direct banking arm of Mediobanca, offering bank accounts, savings, asset management, mortgages and insurance products through the Internet, telephone and its 47 offices across the Italy.



Intesa Sanpaolo


Intesa Sanpaolo is one of the largest and well-known banks in Italy and abroad, with 45.9 billion euros ranked the 6th Italian financial group by revenue (and among the top 500 in the world).



Banca UniCredit


It is an Italian branch of the Unicredit banking group, which is one of the largest European financial conglomerates. Among the group’s subsidiaries are Hypo Vereinsbank AG, Bank of Austria, Creditanstalt, Bank Pekao, Zagreb bank.



Mediobanca


Mediobanca is a large bank in Italy (3,570 employees as for 2014) with head office in Milan. The bank operates in investment, retail, private banking and investment management areas.



Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena


Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena represents Montepaschi group, one of the largest and oldest banking groups in the country. The bank’s main services are retail and investment banking, insurance and investment management.



Banca Popolare di Milano


Banca Popolare di Milano is a part of the BPM Group, which is one of the biggest financial holdings in Italy with 8,357 employees and more than 1.4 million customers. The bank’s head office is located at Piazza Filippo Meda 4 in Milan.



Banca Carige


It is the heading company of the Banca Carige Group, one of the six banking, insurance and pension conglomerates in Italy, headquartered in Genova.



UBI Banca


UBI Banca is one of the largest banks in Italy, serving customers with 1560 branches and employing more than 18000 people. The bank’s shares are included in the FTSE MIB index and are circulating on the Italian Stock Exchange.



Banco Popolare


Banco Popolare is an Italian cooperative banking network with about 1900 branches, based in Verona. The bank is listed on the Italian Stock Exchange where it ranked 15th among the other financial institutions in the country (also 10th among all banks in Italy).



Banca Sella


Banca Sella S.p.A is a bank headquartered in Biella, Italy. The bank provides banking, insurance and asset management services for its clients across the Europe. It also known in Italy for its sella.it brand, under which it offers internet banking products.



Banca Mediolanum


The banking arm of the Gruppo Mediolanum, an Italian financial group, that operates in the banking and insurance sector and headquartered in Milan. The main bank’s services include current accounts, mortgages and loans, investment securities and insurance.



Veneto Banca


Banca Veneto is a bank in Italy, the heading company of the cooperative banking group Veneto Banca Group, one of the 14 local financial institutions.



Credem


CREDEM Banca is a heading bank of the Credito Emiliano Banking Group. On February 4, 2011 it was the eleventh country’s bank in the ranking of the 15 most capitalised banks listed on the Italian stock exchange.




Translate: Branches & ATMs by location

Bari

Bologna

Catania

Como

Firenze

Genoa

Milano

Napoli

Padova

Palermo

Pisa

Roma

Torino

Venice

Verona




Most used SWIFT codes

Cassa di Risparmio del Veneto SWIFT / BIC Codes in Italy 
Banca Popolare di Verona SWIFT / BIC Codes in Italy 
BNP Paribas Italy Bank SWIFT / BIC Codes 
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena SWIFT / BIC Codes in Italy 



Popular banks locations

UBI Banca Milano 
BNP Paribas BNL D’Italia Rome Branches and ATMs 
UniCredit Roma 
UBI Banca Roma 
BNP Paribas BNL D’Italia Branches and ATMs in Venice 



Must read

Getting a Credit Card in Banca Unicredit in Italy 
Italian main banks branches and ATMs in airports of Rome 
Banking Services and ATMs in Venice Marco Polo Airport (VCE) 
Banks and ATMs near Main Train Stations in Italy 


More articles...




© 2017 bankingitaly.com
		

Privacy Policy
        |  
      Terms of Service
        |  
      Contacts











 





Bank - Wikipedia






















 






Bank

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Banker" redirects here. For other uses, see Bank (disambiguation) and Banker (disambiguation).





This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (May 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)





The Bank of England, established in 1694.



Part of a series on financial services


Banking




Types of banks


Advising
Central
Commercial
Community development
Cooperative
Credit union
Custodian
Depository
Direct
Export credit agency
Investment
Industrial
Merchant
Mutual savings
National
Offshore
Postal savings
Private
Public
Retail
Savings
Savings and loan
Universal

Lists of banks






Accounts · Cards



Accounts




Christmas club
Deposit
Money-market
Savings
Time deposit (Bond)

Transaction (checking / current)


Cards




ATM
Credit
Debit











Funds transfer


Electronic

bill payment


Wire
Cheque
SWIFT
Automated Clearing House
Giro








Banking terms





Automatic teller machine
Bank regulation
Loan
Money creation






Anonymous banking
Ethical banking
Fractional reserve banking
Islamic banking
Private banking











Related topics
Financial market (participants)

Corporate finance
Personal finance
Public finance
Financial regulation
List of banks









v
t
e







Finance







Markets





Bond
Commodity
Derivatives
Foreign exchange
Money
Over-the-counter
Private equity
Real estate
Spot
Stock




Participants




Investor

institutional


Retail
Speculator











Instruments



Cash
Credit line
Deposit
Derivative
Futures contract
Loan



Option (call
exotic
put)



Security
Stock

Time deposit
(certificate of deposit)








Corporate





Accounting
Audit
Capital budgeting



Credit rating agency



Risk management
Financial statement



Leveraged buyout
Mergers and acquisitions



Structured finance
Venture capital











Personal


Credit / Debt
Employment contract
Financial planning



Retirement
Student loan











Public



Government spending




Final consumption expenditure



Operations
Redistribution



Transfer payment




Government revenue







Taxation
Deficit spending






Budget (balance)
Debt



Non-tax revenue
Warrant of payment











Banks and banking



Central bank
Deposit account
Fractional-reserve banking
Loan
Money supply



Lists of banks








Regulation · Standards





Bank regulation
Basel Accords
International Financial Reporting Standards
ISO 31000
Professional certification
Fund governance
Accounting scandals











Economic history


Private equity and venture capital
Recession
Stock market bubble
Stock market crash









v
t
e





A bank is a financial institution that accepts deposits from the public and creates credit.[1] Lending activities can be performed either directly or indirectly through capital markets. Due to their importance in the financial stability of a country, banks are highly regulated in most countries. Most nations have institutionalized a system known as fractional reserve banking under which banks hold liquid assets equal to only a portion of their current liabilities. In addition to other regulations intended to ensure liquidity, banks are generally subject to minimum capital requirements based on an international set of capital standards, known as the Basel Accords.
Banking in its modern sense evolved in the 14th century in the prosperous cities of Renaissance Italy but in many ways was a continuation of ideas and concepts of credit and lending that had their roots in the ancient world. In the history of banking, a number of banking dynasties  – notably, the Medicis, the Fuggers, the Welsers, the Berenbergs and the Rothschilds  – have played a central role over many centuries. The oldest existing retail bank is Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena, while the oldest existing merchant bank is Berenberg Bank.



Contents


1 History
2 Etymology
3 Definition

3.1 Standard business
3.2 Range of activities
3.3 Channels
3.4 Business models
3.5 Products

3.5.1 Retail
3.5.2 Business (or commercial/investment) banking




4 Capital and risk
5 Banks in the economy

5.1 Economic functions
5.2 Bank crisis
5.3 Size of global banking industry


6 Regulation
7 Types of banks

7.1 Types of banks
7.2 Types of investment banks
7.3 Both combined
7.4 Other types of banks


8 Challenges within the banking industry

8.1 United States
8.2 Loan activities of banks


9 type of accounts

9.1 Brokered deposits


10 Globalization in the banking industry
11 See also
12 References
13 External links



History[edit]


Personal finance





Credit · Debt




Mortgage
Car loan
Credit card
Unsecured personal loan
Rent-to-own
Student loan
Pawn
Title loan
Payday loan
Refund anticipation loan
Refinancing
Debt consolidation
Bankruptcy




Employment contract




Salary
Wage
Salary packaging
Employee stock option
Employee benefits




Retirement





Pension




Defined benefit
Defined contribution
Social security
Business plan
Corporate action





Personal budget




Financial planner
Financial adviser
Stockbroker
Financial independence
Estate planning




See also




Bank
Cooperative
Credit union







v
t
e





Main article: History of banking




Among many other things, the Code of Hammurabi from 1754 BC recorded interest-bearing loans.


Banking began with the first prototype banks of merchants of the ancient world, which made grain loans to farmers and traders who carried goods between cities. This began around 2000 BC in Assyria and Babylonia. Later, in ancient Greece and during the Roman Empire, lenders based in temples made loans and added two important innovations: they accepted deposits and changed money. Archaeology from this period in ancient China and India also shows evidence of money lending activity.
The origins of modern banking can be traced to medieval and early Renaissance Italy, to the rich cities in the centre and north like Florence, Lucca, Siena, Venice and Genoa. The Bardi and Peruzzi families dominated banking in 14th-century Florence, establishing branches in many other parts of Europe.[2] One of the most famous Italian banks was the Medici Bank, set up by Giovanni di Bicci de' Medici in 1397.[3] The earliest known state deposit bank, Banco di San Giorgio (Bank of St. George), was founded in 1407 at Genoa, Italy.[4]
Modern banking practices, including fractional reserve banking and the issue of banknotes, emerged in the 17th and 18th centuries. Merchants started to store their gold with the goldsmiths of London, who possessed private vaults, and charged a fee for that service. In exchange for each deposit of precious metal, the goldsmiths issued receipts certifying the quantity and purity of the metal they held as a bailee; these receipts could not be assigned, only the original depositor could collect the stored goods.




The sealing of the Bank of England Charter (1694).


Gradually the goldsmiths began to lend the money out on behalf of the depositor, which led to the development of modern banking practices; promissory notes (which evolved into banknotes) were issued for money deposited as a loan to the goldsmith.[5] The goldsmith paid interest on these deposits. Since the promissory notes were payable on demand, and the advances (loans) to the goldsmith's customers were repayable over a longer time period, this was an early form of fractional reserve banking. The promissory notes developed into an assignable instrument which could circulate as a safe and convenient form of money backed by the goldsmith's promise to pay,[6] allowing goldsmiths to advance loans with little risk of default.[7] Thus, the goldsmiths of London became the forerunners of banking by creating new money based on credit.
The Bank of England was the first to begin the permanent issue of banknotes, in 1695.[8] The Royal Bank of Scotland established the first overdraft facility in 1728.[9] By the beginning of the 19th century a bankers' clearing house was established in London to allow multiple banks to clear transactions. The Rothschilds pioneered international finance on a large scale, financing the purchase of the Suez canal for the British government.




A 640 BC one-third stater electrum coin from Lydia, where gold and silver coins were used for the first time


Etymology[edit]
The word bank was borrowed in Middle English from Middle French banque, from Old Italian banca, meaning "table", from Old High German banc, bank "bench, counter". Benches were used as makeshift desks or exchange counters during the Renaissance by Jewish[10] Florentine bankers, who used to make their transactions atop desks covered by green tablecloths.[11][12]
Definition[edit]
The definition of a bank varies from country to country. See the relevant country pages under for more information.
Under English common law, a banker is defined as a person who carries on the business of banking, which is specified as:[13]

conducting current accounts for his customers,
paying cheques drawn on him/her and
collecting cheques for his/her customers.





Banco de Venezuela in Coro.






Branch of Nepal Bank in Pokhara, Western Nepal.


In most common law jurisdictions there is a Bills of Exchange Act that codifies the law in relation to negotiable instruments, including cheques, and this Act contains a statutory definition of the term banker: banker includes a body of persons, whether incorporated or not, who carry on the business of banking' (Section 2, Interpretation). Although this definition seems circular, it is actually functional, because it ensures that the legal basis for bank transactions such as cheques does not depend on how the bank is structured or regulated.
The business of banking is in many English common law countries not defined by statute but by common law, the definition above. In other English common law jurisdictions there are statutory definitions of the business of banking or banking business. When looking at these definitions it is important to keep in mind that they are defining the business of banking for the purposes of the legislation, and not necessarily in general. In particular, most of the definitions are from legislation that has the purpose of regulating and supervising banks rather than regulating the actual business of banking. However, in many cases the statutory definition closely mirrors the common law one. Examples of statutory definitions:

"banking business" means the business of receiving money on current or deposit account, paying and collecting cheques drawn by or paid in by customers, the making of advances to customers, and includes such other business as the Authority may prescribe for the purposes of this Act; (Banking Act (Singapore), Section 2, Interpretation).
"banking business" means the business of either or both of the following:


receiving from the general public money on current, deposit, savings or other similar account repayable on demand or within less than [3 months] ... or with a period of call or notice of less than that period;
paying or collecting cheques drawn by or paid in by customers.[14]

Since the advent of EFTPOS (Electronic Funds Transfer at Point Of Sale), direct credit, direct debit and internet banking, the cheque has lost its primacy in most banking systems as a payment instrument. This has led legal theorists to suggest that the cheque based definition should be broadened to include financial institutions that conduct current accounts for customers and enable customers to pay and be paid by third parties, even if they do not pay and collect cheques .[15]
Standard business[edit]




Large door to an old bank vault.


Banks act as payment agents by conducting checking or current accounts for customers, paying cheques drawn by customers in the bank, and collecting cheques deposited to customers' current accounts. Banks also enable customer payments via other payment methods such as Automated Clearing House (ACH), Wire transfers or telegraphic transfer, EFTPOS, and automated teller machines (ATMs).
Banks borrow money by accepting funds deposited on current accounts, by accepting term deposits, and by issuing debt securities such as banknotes and bonds. Banks lend money by making advances to customers on current accounts, by making installment loans, and by investing in marketable debt securities and other forms of money lending.
Banks provide different payment services, and a bank account is considered indispensable by most businesses and individuals. Non-banks that provide payment services such as remittance companies are normally not considered as an adequate substitute for a bank account.
Banks can create new money when they make a loan. New loans throughout the banking system generate new deposits elsewhere in the system. The money supply is usually increased by the act of lending, and reduced when loans are repaid faster than new ones are generated. In the United Kingdom between 1997 and 2007, there was an increase in the money supply, largely caused by much more bank lending, which served to push up property prices and increase private debt. The amount of money in the economy as measured by M4 in the UK went from £750 billion to £1700 billion between 1997 and 2007, much of the increase caused by bank lending.[16] If all the banks increase their lending together, then they can expect new deposits to return to them and the amount of money in the economy will increase. Excessive or risky lending can cause borrowers to default, the banks then become more cautious, so there is less lending and therefore less money so that the economy can go from boom to bust as happened in the UK and many other Western economies after 2007.
Range of activities[edit]
Activities undertaken by banks include personal banking, corporate banking, investment banking, private banking, transaction banking, insurance, consumer finance, foreign exchange trading, commodity trading, trading in equities, futures and options trading and money market trading.
Channels[edit]
Banks offer many different channels to access their banking and other services:




An American bank in Maryland.



Automated teller machines
A branch in a retail location
Call centre
Mail: most banks accept cheque deposits via mail and use mail to communicate to their customers, e.g. by sending out statements
Mobile banking is a method of using one's mobile phone to conduct banking transactions
Online banking is a term used for performing multiple transactions, payments etc. over the Internet
Relationship managers, mostly for private banking or business banking, often visiting customers at their homes or businesses
Telephone banking is a service which allows its customers to conduct transactions over the telephone with automated attendant, or when requested, with telephone operator
Video banking is a term used for performing banking transactions or professional banking consultations via a remote video and audio connection. Video banking can be performed via purpose built banking transaction machines (similar to an Automated teller machine), or via a video conference enabled bank branch clarification
DSA is a Direct Selling Agent, who works for the bank based on a contract. Its main job is to increase the customer base for the bank.

Business models[edit]
A bank can generate revenue in a variety of different ways including interest, transaction fees and financial advice. Traditionally, the most significant method is via charging interest on the capital it lends out to customers.[citation needed] The bank profits from the difference between the level of interest it pays for deposits and other sources of funds, and the level of interest it charges in its lending activities.
This difference is referred to as the spread between highly the cost of funds and the loan interest rate. Historically, profitability from lending activities has been cyclical and dependent on the needs and strengths of loan customers and the stage of the economic cycle. Fees and financial advice constitute a more stable revenue stream and banks have therefore placed more emphasis on these revenue lines to smooth their financial performance.
In the past 20 years, American banks have taken many measures to ensure that they remain profitable while responding to increasingly changing market conditions.

First, this includes the Gramm–Leach–Bliley Act, which allows banks again to merge with investment and insurance houses. Merging banking, investment, and insurance functions allows traditional banks to respond to increasing consumer demands for "one-stop shopping" by enabling cross-selling of products (which, the banks hope, will also increase profitability).
Second, they have expanded the use of risk-based pricing from business lending to consumer lending, which means charging higher interest rates to those customers that are considered to be a higher credit risk and thus increased chance of default on loans. This helps to offset the losses from bad loans, lowers the price of loans to those who have better credit histories, and offers credit products to high risk customers who would otherwise be denied credit.
Third, they have sought to increase the methods of payment processing available to the general public and business clients. These products include debit cards, prepaid cards, smart cards, and credit cards. They make it easier for consumers to conveniently make transactions and smooth their consumption over time (in some countries with underdeveloped financial systems, it is still common to deal strictly in cash, including carrying suitcases filled with cash to purchase a home).


However, with the convenience of easy credit, there is also increased risk that consumers will mismanage their financial resources and accumulate excessive debt. Banks make money from card products through interest charges and fees charged to cardholders, and transaction fees to retailers who accept the bank's credit and/or debit cards for payments.

This helps in making a profit and facilitates economic development as a whole.[17]
Products[edit]




A former building society, now a modern retail bank in Leeds, West Yorkshire.






An interior of a branch of National Westminster Bank on Castle Street, Liverpool


Retail[edit]

Savings account
Recurring deposit account
Fixed deposit account
Money market account
Certificate of deposit (CD)
Individual retirement account (IRA)
Credit card
Debit card
Mortgage
Mutual fund
Personal loan
Time deposits
ATM card
Current accounts
Cheque books
Automated Teller Machine (ATM)

Business (or commercial/investment) banking[edit]

Business loan
Capital raising (equity / debt / hybrids)
Revolving credit
Risk management (foreign exchange (FX)), interest rates, commodities, derivatives)
Term loan
Cash management services (lock box, remote deposit capture, merchant processing)
Credit services

Capital and risk[edit]
Banks face a number of risks in order to conduct their business, and how well these risks are managed and understood is a key driver behind profitability, and how much capital a bank is required to hold. Bank capital consists principally of equity, retained earnings and subordinated debt.
After the 2007-2009 financial crisis, regulators force banks to issue Contingent convertible bonds (CoCos).These are hybrid capital securities that absorb losses in accordance with their contractual terms when the capital of the issuing bank falls below a certain level. Then debt is reduced and bank capitalization gets a boost. Owing to their capacity to absorb losses, CoCos have the potential to satisfy regulatory capital requirement.[18][19]
Some of the main risks faced by banks include:

Credit risk: risk of loss arising from a borrower who does not make payments as promised.[20]
Liquidity risk: risk that a given security or asset cannot be traded quickly enough in the market to prevent a loss (or make the required profit).
Market risk: risk that the value of a portfolio, either an investment portfolio or a trading portfolio, will decrease due to the change in value of the market risk factors.
Operational risk: risk arising from execution of a company's business functions.
Reputational risk: a type of risk related to the trustworthiness of business.
Macroeconomic risk: risks related to the aggregate economy the bank is operating in.[21]

The capital requirement is a bank regulation, which sets a framework within which a bank or depository institution must manage its balance sheet. The categorization of assets and capital is highly standardized so that it can be risk weighted.
Banks in the economy[edit]




SEB main building in Tallinn, Estonia


See also: Financial system
Economic functions[edit]
The economic functions of banks include:

Issue of money, in the form of banknotes and current accounts subject to cheque or payment at the customer's order. These claims on banks can act as money because they are negotiable or repayable on demand, and hence valued at par. They are effectively transferable by mere delivery, in the case of banknotes, or by drawing a cheque that the payee may bank or cash.
Netting and settlement of payments – banks act as both collection and paying agents for customers, participating in interbank clearing and settlement systems to collect, present, be presented with, and pay payment instruments. This enables banks to economize on reserves held for settlement of payments, since inward and outward payments offset each other. It also enables the offsetting of payment flows between geographical areas, reducing the cost of settlement between them.
Credit intermediation – banks borrow and lend back-to-back on their own account as middle men.
Credit quality improvement – banks lend money to ordinary commercial and personal borrowers (ordinary credit quality), but are high quality borrowers. The improvement comes from diversification of the bank's assets and capital which provides a buffer to absorb losses without defaulting on its obligations. However, banknotes and deposits are generally unsecured; if the bank gets into difficulty and pledges assets as security, to raise the funding it needs to continue to operate, this puts the note holders and depositors in an economically subordinated position.
Asset liability mismatch/Maturity transformation – banks borrow more on demand debt and short term debt, but provide more long term loans. In other words, they borrow short and lend long. With a stronger credit quality than most other borrowers, banks can do this by aggregating issues (e.g. accepting deposits and issuing banknotes) and redemptions (e.g. withdrawals and redemption of banknotes), maintaining reserves of cash, investing in marketable securities that can be readily converted to cash if needed, and raising replacement funding as needed from various sources (e.g. wholesale cash markets and securities markets).
Money creation/destruction – whenever a bank gives out a loan in a fractional-reserve banking system, a new sum of money is created and conversely, whenever the principal on that loan is repaid money is destroyed.

Bank crisis[edit]




OTP Bank in Prešov (Slovakia)


Banks are susceptible to many forms of risk which have triggered occasional systemic crises. These include liquidity risk (where many depositors may request withdrawals in excess of available funds), credit risk (the chance that those who owe money to the bank will not repay it), and interest rate risk (the possibility that the bank will become unprofitable, if rising interest rates force it to pay relatively more on its deposits than it receives on its loans).
Banking crises have developed many times throughout history, when one or more risks have emerged for a banking sector as a whole. Prominent examples include the bank run that occurred during the Great Depression, the U.S. Savings and Loan crisis in the 1980s and early 1990s, the Japanese banking crisis during the 1990s, and the sub-prime mortgage crisis in the 2000s.
Size of global banking industry[edit]
Assets of the largest 1,000 banks in the world grew by 6.8% in the 2008/2009 financial year to a record US$96.4 trillion while profits declined by 85% to US$115 billion. Growth in assets in adverse market conditions was largely a result of recapitalization. EU banks held the largest share of the total, 56% in 2008/2009, down from 61% in the previous year. Asian banks' share increased from 12% to 14% during the year, while the share of US banks increased from 11% to 13%. Fee revenue generated by global investment banking totalled US$66.3 billion in 2009, up 12% on the previous year.[22]
The United States has the most banks in the world in terms of institutions (5,330 as of 2015) and possibly branches (81,607 as of 2015).[23] This is an indicator of the geography and regulatory structure of the USA, resulting in a large number of small to medium-sized institutions in its banking system. As of November 2009, China's top 4 banks have in excess of 67,000 branches (ICBC:18000+, BOC:12000+, CCB:13000+, ABC:24000+) with an additional 140 smaller banks with an undetermined number of branches. Japan had 129 banks and 12,000 branches. In 2004, Germany, France, and Italy each had more than 30,000 branches – more than double the 15,000 branches in the UK.[22]
Regulation[edit]
Main article: Banking regulation
See also: Basel II
Currently commercial banks are regulated in most jurisdictions by government entities and require a special bank license to operate.


Bank regulation and standards




Bank for International Settlements
Basel Accords (Basel I, Basel II, Basel III)
Financial Stability Board




Background




Banking (Regulation)
Monetary policy
Central bank
Risk
Risk management
Regulatory capital
Tier 1
Tier 2




Pillar 1: Regulatory capital




Credit risk
Standardized
IRB Approach
F-IRB
A-IRB
PD
LGD
EAD
Operational risk
Basic
Standardized
AMA
Market risk
Duration
Value at risk




Pillar 2: Supervisory review




Economic capital
Liquidity risk
Legal risk




Pillar 3: Market disclosure




Disclosure




Business and Economics Portal





v
t
e





Usually the definition of the business of banking for the purposes of regulation is extended to include acceptance of deposits, even if they are not repayable to the customer's order – although money lending, by itself, is generally not included in the definition.
Unlike most other regulated industries, the regulator is typically also a participant in the market, being either a publicly or privately governed central bank. Central banks also typically have a monopoly on the business of issuing banknotes. However, in some countries this is not the case. In the UK, for example, the Financial Services Authority licenses banks, and some commercial banks (such as the Bank of Scotland) issue their own banknotes in addition to those issued by the Bank of England, the UK government's central bank.
Banking law is based on a contractual analysis of the relationship between the bank (defined above) and the customer – defined as any entity for which the bank agrees to conduct an account.
The law implies rights and obligations into this relationship as follows:

The bank account balance is the financial position between the bank and the customer: when the account is in credit, the bank owes the balance to the customer; when the account is overdrawn, the customer owes the balance to the bank.
The bank agrees to pay the customer's checks up to the amount standing to the credit of the customer's account, plus any agreed overdraft limit.
The bank may not pay from the customer's account without a mandate from the customer, e.g. a cheque drawn by the customer.
The bank agrees to promptly collect the cheques deposited to the customer's account as the customer's agent, and to credit the proceeds to the customer's account.
The bank has a right to combine the customer's accounts, since each account is just an aspect of the same credit relationship.
The bank has a lien on cheques deposited to the customer's account, to the extent that the customer is indebted to the bank.
The bank must not disclose details of transactions through the customer's account – unless the customer consents, there is a public duty to disclose, the bank's interests require it, or the law demands it.
The bank must not close a customer's account without reasonable notice, since cheques are outstanding in the ordinary course of business for several days.

These implied contractual terms may be modified by express agreement between the customer and the bank. The statutes and regulations in force within a particular jurisdiction may also modify the above terms and/or create new rights, obligations or limitations relevant to the bank-customer relationship.
Some types of financial institution, such as building societies and credit unions, may be partly or wholly exempt from bank license requirements, and therefore regulated under separate rules.
The requirements for the issue of a bank license vary between jurisdictions but typically include:

Minimum capital
Minimum capital ratio
'Fit and Proper' requirements for the bank's controllers, owners, directors, or senior officers
Approval of the bank's business plan as being sufficiently prudent and plausible.

Types of banks[edit]
Banks' activities can be divided into:

retail banking, dealing directly with individuals and small businesses;
business banking, providing services to mid-market business;
corporate banking, directed at large business entities;
private banking, providing wealth management services to high-net-worth individuals and families;
investment banking, relating to activities on the financial markets.

Most banks are profit-making, private enterprises. However, some are owned by government, or are non-profit organizations.
Types of banks[edit]




National Bank of the Republic, Salt Lake City 1908






ATM Al-Rajhi Bank






National Copper Bank, Salt Lake City 1911






A branch of Union Bank in, Visakhapatnam



Commercial banks: the term used for a normal bank to distinguish it from an investment bank. After the Great Depression, the U.S. Congress required that banks only engage in banking activities, whereas investment banks were limited to capital market activities. Since the two no longer have to be under separate ownership, some use the term "commercial bank" to refer to a bank or a division of a bank that mostly deals with deposits and loans from corporations or large businesses.
Community banks: locally operated financial institutions that empower employees to make local decisions to serve their customers and the partners.
Community development banks: regulated banks that provide financial services and credit to under-served markets or populations.
Land development banks: The special banks providing long-term loans are called land development banks (LDB). The history of LDB is quite old. The first LDB was started at Jhang in Punjab in 1920. The main objective of the LDBs are to promote the development of land, agriculture and increase the agricultural production. The LDBs provide long-term finance to members directly through their branches.[24]
Credit unions or co-operative banks: not-for-profit cooperatives owned by the depositors and often offering rates more favourable than for-profit banks. Typically, membership is restricted to employees of a particular company, residents of a defined area, members of a certain union or religious organizations, and their immediate families.
Postal savings banks: savings banks associated with national postal systems.
Private banks: banks that manage the assets of high-net-worth individuals. Historically a minimum of USD 1 million was required to open an account, however, over the last years many private banks have lowered their entry hurdles to USD 350,000 for private investors.[citation needed]
Offshore banks: banks located in jurisdictions with low taxation and regulation. Many offshore banks are essentially private banks.
Savings bank: in Europe, savings banks took their roots in the 19th or sometimes even in the 18th century. Their original objective was to provide easily accessible savings products to all strata of the population. In some countries, savings banks were created on public initiative; in others, socially committed individuals created foundations to put in place the necessary infrastructure. Nowadays, European savings banks have kept their focus on retail banking: payments, savings products, credits and insurances for individuals or small and medium-sized enterprises. Apart from this retail focus, they also differ from commercial banks by their broadly decentralized distribution network, providing local and regional outreach – and by their socially responsible approach to business and society.
Building societies and Landesbanks: institutions that conduct retail banking.
Ethical banks: banks that prioritize the transparency of all operations and make only what they consider to be socially responsible investments.
A direct or internet-only bank is a banking operation without any physical bank branches, conceived and implemented wholly with networked computers.

Types of investment banks[edit]

Investment banks "underwrite" (guarantee the sale of) stock and bond issues, trade for their own accounts, make markets, provide investment management, and advise corporations on capital market activities such as mergers and acquisitions.
Merchant banks were traditionally banks which engaged in trade finance. The modern definition, however, refers to banks which provide capital to firms in the form of shares rather than loans. Unlike venture caps, they tend not to invest in new companies.

Both combined[edit]




A branch of BDO Unibank in SM Aura Premier, BGC



Universal banks, more commonly known as financial services companies, engage in several of these activities. These big banks are very diversified groups that, among other services, also distribute insurance – hence the term bancassurance, a portmanteau word combining "banque or bank" and "assurance", signifying that both banking and insurance are provided by the same corporate entity.

Other types of banks[edit]

Central banks are normally government-owned and charged with quasi-regulatory responsibilities, such as supervising commercial banks, or controlling the cash interest rate. They generally provide liquidity to the banking system and act as the lender of last resort in event of a crisis.
Islamic banks adhere to the concepts of Islamic law. This form of banking revolves around several well-established principles based on Islamic canons. All banking activities must avoid interest, a concept that is forbidden in Islam. Instead, the bank earns profit (markup) and fees on the financing facilities that it extends to customers.

Challenges within the banking industry[edit]





The examples and perspective in this section may not represent a worldwide view of the subject. You may improve this article, discuss the issue on the talk page, or create a new article, as appropriate. (September 2009) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (September 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


United States[edit]
Main article: Banking in the United States




Citibank, The People's Trust Company Building, Brooklyn.


The United States banking industry is one of the most heavily regulated and guarded in the world,[25] with multiple specialized and focused regulators. All banks with FDIC-insured deposits have the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) as a regulator. However, for soundness examinations (i.e., whether a bank is operating in a sound manner), the Federal Reserve is the primary federal regulator for Fed-member state banks; the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) is the primary federal regulator for national banks; and the Office of Thrift Supervision, or OTS, is the primary federal regulator for thrifts. State non-member banks are examined by the state agencies as well as the FDIC. National banks have one primary regulator – the OCC.
Each regulatory agency has their own set of rules and regulations to which banks and thrifts must adhere. The Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (FFIEC) was established in 1979 as a formal inter-agency body empowered to prescribe uniform principles, standards, and report forms for the federal examination of financial institutions. Although the FFIEC has resulted in a greater degree of regulatory consistency between the agencies, the rules and regulations are constantly changing.
In addition to changing regulations, changes in the industry have led to consolidations within the Federal Reserve, FDIC, OTS, and OCC. Offices have been closed, supervisory regions have been merged, staff levels have been reduced and budgets have been cut. The remaining regulators face an increased burden with increased workload and more banks per regulator. While banks struggle to keep up with the changes in the regulatory environment, regulators struggle to manage their workload and effectively regulate their banks. The impact of these changes is that banks are receiving less hands-on assessment by the regulators, less time spent with each institution, and the potential for more problems slipping through the cracks, potentially resulting in an overall increase in bank failures across the United States.
The changing economic environment has a significant impact on banks and thrifts as they struggle to effectively manage their interest rate spread in the face of low rates on loans, rate competition for deposits and the general market changes, industry trends and economic fluctuations. It has been a challenge for banks to effectively set their growth strategies with the recent economic market. A rising interest rate environment may seem to help financial institutions, but the effect of the changes on consumers and businesses is not predictable and the challenge remains for banks to grow and effectively manage the spread to generate a return to their shareholders.
The management of the banks’ asset portfolios also remains a challenge in today’s economic environment. Loans are a bank’s primary asset category and when loan quality becomes suspect, the foundation of a bank is shaken to the core. While always an issue for banks, declining asset quality has become a big problem for financial institutions.




Safra National Bank, New York


There are several reasons for this, one of which is the lax attitude some banks have adopted because of the years of “good times.” The potential for this is exacerbated by the reduction in the regulatory oversight of banks and in some cases depth of management. Problems are more likely to go undetected, resulting in a significant impact on the bank when they are discovered. In addition, banks, like any business, struggle to cut costs and have consequently eliminated certain expenses, such as adequate employee training programs.
Banks also face a host of other challenges such as ageing ownership groups. Across the country, many banks’ management teams and board of directors are ageing. Banks also face ongoing pressure by shareholders, both public and private, to achieve earnings and growth projections. Regulators place added pressure on banks to manage the various categories of risk. Banking is also an extremely competitive industry. Competing in the financial services industry has become tougher with the entrance of such players as insurance agencies, credit unions, cheque cashing services, credit card companies, etc.
As a reaction, banks have developed their activities in financial instruments, through financial market operations such as brokerage and have become big players in such activities.
Loan activities of banks[edit]
To be able to provide home buyers and builders with the funds needed, banks must compete for deposits. The phenomenon of disintermediation had to dollars moving from savings accounts and into direct market instruments such as U.S. Department of Treasury obligations, agency securities, and corporate debt. One of the greatest factors in recent years in the movement of deposits was the tremendous growth of money market funds whose higher interest rates attracted consumer deposits.[26]
To compete for deposits, US savings institutions offer many different types of plans:[26]

Passbook or ordinary deposit accounts  – permit any amount to be added to or withdrawn from the account at any time.
NOW and Super NOW accounts  – function like checking accounts but earn interest. A minimum balance may be required on Super NOW accounts.
Money market accounts  – carry a monthly limit of preauthorized transfers to other accounts or persons and may require a minimum or average balance.
Certificate accounts  – subject to loss of some or all interest on withdrawals before maturity.
Notice accounts  – the equivalent of certificate accounts with an indefinite term. Savers agree to notify the institution a specified time before withdrawal.
Individual retirement accounts (IRAs) and Keogh plans  – a form of retirement savings in which the funds deposited and interest earned are exempt from income tax until after withdrawal.
Checking accounts  – offered by some institutions under definite restrictions.
All withdrawals and deposits are completely the sole decision and responsibility of the account owner unless the parent or guardian is required to do otherwise for legal reasons.
Club accounts and other savings accounts  – designed to help people save regularly to meet certain goals.

type of accounts[edit]




Suburban bank branch


Bank statements are accounting records produced by banks under the various accounting standards of the world. Under GAAP there are two kinds of accounts: debit and credit. Credit accounts are Revenue, Equity and Liabilities. Debit Accounts are Assets and Expenses. The bank credits a credit account to increase its balance, and debits a credit account to decrease its balance.[27]
The customer debits his or her savings/bank (asset) account in his ledger when making a deposit (and the account is normally in debit), while the customer credits a credit card (liability) account in his ledger every time he spends money (and the account is normally in credit). When the customer reads his bank statement, the statement will show a credit to the account for deposits, and debits for withdrawals of funds. The customer with a positive balance will see this balance reflected as a credit balance on the bank statement. If the customer is overdrawn, he will have a negative balance, reflected as a debit balance on the bank statement.
Brokered deposits[edit]
One source of deposits for banks is brokers who deposit large sums of money on behalf of investors through trust corporations. This money will generally go to the banks which offer the most favourable terms, often better than those offered local depositors. It is possible for a bank to engage in business with no local deposits at all, all funds being brokered deposits. Accepting a significant quantity of such deposits, or "hot money" as it is sometimes called, puts a bank in a difficult and sometimes risky position, as the funds must be lent or invested in a way that yields a return sufficient to pay the high interest being paid on the brokered deposits. This may result in risky decisions and even in eventual failure of the bank. Banks which failed during 2008 and 2009 in the United States during the global financial crisis had, on average, four times more brokered deposits as a percent of their deposits than the average bank. Such deposits, combined with risky real estate investments, factored into the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s. Regulation of brokered deposits is opposed by banks on the grounds that the practice can be a source of external funding to growing communities with insufficient local deposits.[28] There are different types of accounts: saving, recurring and current accounts.
Globalization in the banking industry[edit]
In modern time there has been huge reductions to the barriers of global competition in the banking industry. Increases in telecommunications and other financial technologies, such as Bloomberg, have allowed banks to extend their reach all over the world, since they no longer have to be near customers to manage both their finances and their risk. The growth in cross-border activities has also increased the demand for banks that can provide various services across borders to different nationalities. However, despite these reductions in barriers and growth in cross-border activities, the banking industry is nowhere near as globalized as some other industries. In the USA, for instance, very few banks even worry about the Riegle–Neal Act, which promotes more efficient interstate banking. In the vast majority of nations around the globe the market share for foreign owned banks is currently less than a tenth of all market shares for banks in a particular nation. One reason the banking industry has not been fully globalized is that it is more convenient to have local banks provide loans to small business and individuals. On the other hand, for large corporations, it is not as important in what nation the bank is in, since the corporation's financial information is available around the globe.[29]
See also[edit]




Types of institutions:

Bad bank
Bankers' bank
Building society
Cooperative bank
Credit union
Ethical bank
Industrial loan company
Islamic banking
Mortgage bank
Mutual savings bank
Offshore bank
Person-to-person lending
Public bank
Savings and loan association
Savings bank
Sparebank



Terms and concepts:

Bank regulation
Bankers' bonuses
Call report
Cheque
Electronic funds transfer
Factoring (finance)
Finance
Fractional-reserve banking
Full-reserve banking
Hedge fund
IBAN
Internet banking
Investment banking
Mobile banking
Money
Money laundering



Terms and concepts:

Narrow banking
Overdraft
Overdraft protection
Piggy bank
Pigmy Deposit Scheme
Private banking
Stockbroker
Substitute check
SWIFT
Tax haven
Venture capital
Wealth management
Wire transfer



Crime:

Bank fraud
Bank robbery
Cheque fraud
Mortgage fraud

Cyber Crime
Lists:

List of largest banks
List of accounting topics
List of bank mergers in United States
List of banks
List of economics topics
List of finance topics
List of largest U.S. bank failures
List of oldest banks
List of stock exchanges



Banking by country

Banking in Australia
Banking in Austria
Banking in Bangladesh
Banking in Canada
Banking in China
Banking in France
Banking in Germany
Banking in Greece
Banking in Hong Kong
Banking in Iran
Banking in India
Banking in Israel
Banking in Italy
Banking in Pakistan
Banking in Russia
Banking in Singapore
Banking in Switzerland
Banking in Tunisia
Banking in the United Kingdom
Banking in the United States





References[edit]


^ Bank of England. "Rulebook Glossary". 
^ Hoggson, N. F. (1926) Banking Through the Ages, New York, Dodd, Mead & Company.
^ Goldthwaite, R. A. (1995) Banks, Places and Entrepreneurs in Renaissance Florence, Aldershot, Hampshire, Great Britain, Variorum
^ Macesich, George (30 June 2000). "Central Banking: The Early Years: Other Early Banks". Issues in Money and Banking. Westport, Connecticut: Praeger Publishers (Greenwood Publishing Group). p. 42. ISBN 978-0-275-96777-2. doi:10.1336/0275967778. Retrieved 2009-03-12. The first state deposit bank was the Bank of St. George in Genoa, which was established in 1407. 
^ Thus by the 19th century we find “[i]n ordinary cases of deposits of money with banking corporations, or bankers, the transaction amounts to a mere loan or mutuum, and the bank is to restore, not the same money, but an equivalent sum, whenever it is demanded.” Joseph Story, Commentaries on the Law of Bailments (1832, p. 66) and “Money, when paid into a bank, ceases altogether to be the money of the principal (see Parker v. Marchant, 1 Phillips 360); it is then the money of the banker, who is bound to return an equivalent by paying a similar sum to that deposited with him when he is asked for it.” Lord Chancellor Cottenham, Foley v Hill (1848) 2 HLC 28.
^ Richards. The usual denomination was 50 or 100 pounds, so these notes were not an everyday currency for the common people
^ Richards, p. 40
^ "A History of British Banknotes". britishnotes.co.uk. 
^ "A short history of overdrafts". eccount money. Archived from the original on 2013-11-05. 
^ Morton, Julius Sterling (1898). The Conservative. p. 346. 
^ de Albuquerque, Martim (1855). Notes and Queries. London: George Bell. p. 431. 
^ "Etymonline". 
^ United Dominions Trust Ltd v Kirkwood, 1966, English Court of Appeal, 2 QB 431
^ (Banking Ordinance, Section 2, Interpretation, Hong Kong) Note that in this case the definition is extended to include accepting any deposits repayable in less than 3 months, companies that accept deposits of greater than HK$100 000 for periods of greater than 3 months are regulated as deposit taking companies rather than as banks in Hong Kong.
^ e.g. Tyree's Banking Law in New Zealand, A L Tyree, LexisNexis 2003, p. 70.
^ Bank of England statistics and the book "Where does money come from?", p. 47, by the New Economics Foundation.
^ "How Banks Make Money". The Street. Retrieved 2011-09-08. 
^ [1]
^ [2]
^ "Principles for the Management of Credit Risk – consultative document". July 1999. Retrieved 28 January 2016. Credit risk is most simply defined as the potential that a bank borrower or counterparty will fail to meet its obligations in accordance with agreed terms. 
^ Bolt, Wilko; Leo de Haan; Marco Hoeberichts; Maarten van Oordt; Job Swank (2012). "Bank Profitability during Recessions". Journal of Banking & Finance. 36 (9): 2552–64. doi:10.1016/j.jbankfin.2012.05.011. 
^ a b "Banking 2010" (PDF). [permanent dead link] (638 KB) charts 7–8, pages 3–4. TheCityUK.
^ "FDIC: HSOB Commercial Banks". www5.fdic.gov. Retrieved 2016-09-04. 
^ TNAU. "Land Development Bank". TNAU Agritech Portal. Retrieved 8 January 2014. 
^ Scott Besley and Eugene F. Brigham, Principles of Finance, 4th ed. (Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning, 2009), 125. This popular university textbook explains: "Generally speaking, U.S. financial institutions have been much more heavily regulated and faced greater limitations ... than have their foreign counterparts."
^ a b Mishler, Lon; Cole, Robert E. (1995). Consumer and business credit management. Homewood: Irwin. pp. 128–29. ISBN 0-256-13948-2. 
^ Statistics Department (2001). "Source Data for Monetary and Financial Statistics". Monetary and Financial Statistics: Compilation Guide. Washington D.C.: International Monetary Fund. p. 24. ISBN 978-1-58906-584-0. Retrieved 2009-03-14. 
^ "For Banks, Wads of Cash and Loads of Trouble" article by Eric Lipton and Andrew Martin in The New York Times July 3, 2009
^ Allen N Berger; Qinglei Dai; Steven Ongena; David C Smith (31 March 2003). "To what extent will the banking industry be globalized? A study of bank nationality and reach in 20 European nations". Retrieved 28 January 2016. 


External links[edit]

Find more aboutBankat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
Texts from Wikisource



Guardian Datablog – World's Biggest Banks
Banking, Banks, and Credit Unions from UCB Libraries GovPubs
A Guide to the National Banking System (PDF). Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC), Washington, D.C. Provides an overview of the national banking system of the USA, its regulation, and the OCC.




Authority control



GND: 4004436-1
NDL: 00562463










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Bank&oldid=792403414"					
Categories: BanksBankingLegal entitiesItalian inventionsEconomic history of ItalyHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesUse British English Oxford spelling from September 2016Articles needing additional references from May 2016All articles needing additional referencesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2011Articles with unsourced statements from August 2010Articles with limited geographic scope from September 2009Articles needing additional references from September 2008Wikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


Afrikaansአማርኛالعربيةܐܪܡܝܐঅসমীয়াAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaتۆرکجهবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBosanskiCatalàЧӑвашлаČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGàidhligGalegoગુજરાતી客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliKreyòl ayisyenLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीМакедонскиമലയാളംमराठीمصرىBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskNouormandOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀPälzischپښتوPolskiPortuguêsQaraqalpaqshaRomânăRuna SimiРусскийСаха тылаScotsShqipSicilianuසිංහලSimple EnglishسنڌيSlovenčinaSlovenščinaSoomaaligaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்Татарча/tatarçaతెలుగుไทยТоҷикӣLea faka-TongaTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinarayייִדיש粵語ZazakiŽemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 09:21.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Bank - Wikipedia






















 






Bank

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Banker" redirects here. For other uses, see Bank (disambiguation) and Banker (disambiguation).





This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (May 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)





The Bank of England, established in 1694.



Part of a series on financial services


Banking




Types of banks


Advising
Central
Commercial
Community development
Cooperative
Credit union
Custodian
Depository
Direct
Export credit agency
Investment
Industrial
Merchant
Mutual savings
National
Offshore
Postal savings
Private
Public
Retail
Savings
Savings and loan
Universal

Lists of banks






Accounts · Cards



Accounts




Christmas club
Deposit
Money-market
Savings
Time deposit (Bond)

Transaction (checking / current)


Cards




ATM
Credit
Debit











Funds transfer


Electronic

bill payment


Wire
Cheque
SWIFT
Automated Clearing House
Giro








Banking terms





Automatic teller machine
Bank regulation
Loan
Money creation






Anonymous banking
Ethical banking
Fractional reserve banking
Islamic banking
Private banking











Related topics
Financial market (participants)

Corporate finance
Personal finance
Public finance
Financial regulation
List of banks









v
t
e







Finance







Markets





Bond
Commodity
Derivatives
Foreign exchange
Money
Over-the-counter
Private equity
Real estate
Spot
Stock




Participants




Investor

institutional


Retail
Speculator











Instruments



Cash
Credit line
Deposit
Derivative
Futures contract
Loan



Option (call
exotic
put)



Security
Stock

Time deposit
(certificate of deposit)








Corporate





Accounting
Audit
Capital budgeting



Credit rating agency



Risk management
Financial statement



Leveraged buyout
Mergers and acquisitions



Structured finance
Venture capital











Personal


Credit / Debt
Employment contract
Financial planning



Retirement
Student loan











Public



Government spending




Final consumption expenditure



Operations
Redistribution



Transfer payment




Government revenue







Taxation
Deficit spending






Budget (balance)
Debt



Non-tax revenue
Warrant of payment











Banks and banking



Central bank
Deposit account
Fractional-reserve banking
Loan
Money supply



Lists of banks








Regulation · Standards





Bank regulation
Basel Accords
International Financial Reporting Standards
ISO 31000
Professional certification
Fund governance
Accounting scandals











Economic history


Private equity and venture capital
Recession
Stock market bubble
Stock market crash









v
t
e





A bank is a financial institution that accepts deposits from the public and creates credit.[1] Lending activities can be performed either directly or indirectly through capital markets. Due to their importance in the financial stability of a country, banks are highly regulated in most countries. Most nations have institutionalized a system known as fractional reserve banking under which banks hold liquid assets equal to only a portion of their current liabilities. In addition to other regulations intended to ensure liquidity, banks are generally subject to minimum capital requirements based on an international set of capital standards, known as the Basel Accords.
Banking in its modern sense evolved in the 14th century in the prosperous cities of Renaissance Italy but in many ways was a continuation of ideas and concepts of credit and lending that had their roots in the ancient world. In the history of banking, a number of banking dynasties  – notably, the Medicis, the Fuggers, the Welsers, the Berenbergs and the Rothschilds  – have played a central role over many centuries. The oldest existing retail bank is Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena, while the oldest existing merchant bank is Berenberg Bank.



Contents


1 History
2 Etymology
3 Definition

3.1 Standard business
3.2 Range of activities
3.3 Channels
3.4 Business models
3.5 Products

3.5.1 Retail
3.5.2 Business (or commercial/investment) banking




4 Capital and risk
5 Banks in the economy

5.1 Economic functions
5.2 Bank crisis
5.3 Size of global banking industry


6 Regulation
7 Types of banks

7.1 Types of banks
7.2 Types of investment banks
7.3 Both combined
7.4 Other types of banks


8 Challenges within the banking industry

8.1 United States
8.2 Loan activities of banks


9 type of accounts

9.1 Brokered deposits


10 Globalization in the banking industry
11 See also
12 References
13 External links



History[edit]


Personal finance





Credit · Debt




Mortgage
Car loan
Credit card
Unsecured personal loan
Rent-to-own
Student loan
Pawn
Title loan
Payday loan
Refund anticipation loan
Refinancing
Debt consolidation
Bankruptcy




Employment contract




Salary
Wage
Salary packaging
Employee stock option
Employee benefits




Retirement





Pension




Defined benefit
Defined contribution
Social security
Business plan
Corporate action





Personal budget




Financial planner
Financial adviser
Stockbroker
Financial independence
Estate planning




See also




Bank
Cooperative
Credit union







v
t
e





Main article: History of banking




Among many other things, the Code of Hammurabi from 1754 BC recorded interest-bearing loans.


Banking began with the first prototype banks of merchants of the ancient world, which made grain loans to farmers and traders who carried goods between cities. This began around 2000 BC in Assyria and Babylonia. Later, in ancient Greece and during the Roman Empire, lenders based in temples made loans and added two important innovations: they accepted deposits and changed money. Archaeology from this period in ancient China and India also shows evidence of money lending activity.
The origins of modern banking can be traced to medieval and early Renaissance Italy, to the rich cities in the centre and north like Florence, Lucca, Siena, Venice and Genoa. The Bardi and Peruzzi families dominated banking in 14th-century Florence, establishing branches in many other parts of Europe.[2] One of the most famous Italian banks was the Medici Bank, set up by Giovanni di Bicci de' Medici in 1397.[3] The earliest known state deposit bank, Banco di San Giorgio (Bank of St. George), was founded in 1407 at Genoa, Italy.[4]
Modern banking practices, including fractional reserve banking and the issue of banknotes, emerged in the 17th and 18th centuries. Merchants started to store their gold with the goldsmiths of London, who possessed private vaults, and charged a fee for that service. In exchange for each deposit of precious metal, the goldsmiths issued receipts certifying the quantity and purity of the metal they held as a bailee; these receipts could not be assigned, only the original depositor could collect the stored goods.




The sealing of the Bank of England Charter (1694).


Gradually the goldsmiths began to lend the money out on behalf of the depositor, which led to the development of modern banking practices; promissory notes (which evolved into banknotes) were issued for money deposited as a loan to the goldsmith.[5] The goldsmith paid interest on these deposits. Since the promissory notes were payable on demand, and the advances (loans) to the goldsmith's customers were repayable over a longer time period, this was an early form of fractional reserve banking. The promissory notes developed into an assignable instrument which could circulate as a safe and convenient form of money backed by the goldsmith's promise to pay,[6] allowing goldsmiths to advance loans with little risk of default.[7] Thus, the goldsmiths of London became the forerunners of banking by creating new money based on credit.
The Bank of England was the first to begin the permanent issue of banknotes, in 1695.[8] The Royal Bank of Scotland established the first overdraft facility in 1728.[9] By the beginning of the 19th century a bankers' clearing house was established in London to allow multiple banks to clear transactions. The Rothschilds pioneered international finance on a large scale, financing the purchase of the Suez canal for the British government.




A 640 BC one-third stater electrum coin from Lydia, where gold and silver coins were used for the first time


Etymology[edit]
The word bank was borrowed in Middle English from Middle French banque, from Old Italian banca, meaning "table", from Old High German banc, bank "bench, counter". Benches were used as makeshift desks or exchange counters during the Renaissance by Jewish[10] Florentine bankers, who used to make their transactions atop desks covered by green tablecloths.[11][12]
Definition[edit]
The definition of a bank varies from country to country. See the relevant country pages under for more information.
Under English common law, a banker is defined as a person who carries on the business of banking, which is specified as:[13]

conducting current accounts for his customers,
paying cheques drawn on him/her and
collecting cheques for his/her customers.





Banco de Venezuela in Coro.






Branch of Nepal Bank in Pokhara, Western Nepal.


In most common law jurisdictions there is a Bills of Exchange Act that codifies the law in relation to negotiable instruments, including cheques, and this Act contains a statutory definition of the term banker: banker includes a body of persons, whether incorporated or not, who carry on the business of banking' (Section 2, Interpretation). Although this definition seems circular, it is actually functional, because it ensures that the legal basis for bank transactions such as cheques does not depend on how the bank is structured or regulated.
The business of banking is in many English common law countries not defined by statute but by common law, the definition above. In other English common law jurisdictions there are statutory definitions of the business of banking or banking business. When looking at these definitions it is important to keep in mind that they are defining the business of banking for the purposes of the legislation, and not necessarily in general. In particular, most of the definitions are from legislation that has the purpose of regulating and supervising banks rather than regulating the actual business of banking. However, in many cases the statutory definition closely mirrors the common law one. Examples of statutory definitions:

"banking business" means the business of receiving money on current or deposit account, paying and collecting cheques drawn by or paid in by customers, the making of advances to customers, and includes such other business as the Authority may prescribe for the purposes of this Act; (Banking Act (Singapore), Section 2, Interpretation).
"banking business" means the business of either or both of the following:


receiving from the general public money on current, deposit, savings or other similar account repayable on demand or within less than [3 months] ... or with a period of call or notice of less than that period;
paying or collecting cheques drawn by or paid in by customers.[14]

Since the advent of EFTPOS (Electronic Funds Transfer at Point Of Sale), direct credit, direct debit and internet banking, the cheque has lost its primacy in most banking systems as a payment instrument. This has led legal theorists to suggest that the cheque based definition should be broadened to include financial institutions that conduct current accounts for customers and enable customers to pay and be paid by third parties, even if they do not pay and collect cheques .[15]
Standard business[edit]




Large door to an old bank vault.


Banks act as payment agents by conducting checking or current accounts for customers, paying cheques drawn by customers in the bank, and collecting cheques deposited to customers' current accounts. Banks also enable customer payments via other payment methods such as Automated Clearing House (ACH), Wire transfers or telegraphic transfer, EFTPOS, and automated teller machines (ATMs).
Banks borrow money by accepting funds deposited on current accounts, by accepting term deposits, and by issuing debt securities such as banknotes and bonds. Banks lend money by making advances to customers on current accounts, by making installment loans, and by investing in marketable debt securities and other forms of money lending.
Banks provide different payment services, and a bank account is considered indispensable by most businesses and individuals. Non-banks that provide payment services such as remittance companies are normally not considered as an adequate substitute for a bank account.
Banks can create new money when they make a loan. New loans throughout the banking system generate new deposits elsewhere in the system. The money supply is usually increased by the act of lending, and reduced when loans are repaid faster than new ones are generated. In the United Kingdom between 1997 and 2007, there was an increase in the money supply, largely caused by much more bank lending, which served to push up property prices and increase private debt. The amount of money in the economy as measured by M4 in the UK went from £750 billion to £1700 billion between 1997 and 2007, much of the increase caused by bank lending.[16] If all the banks increase their lending together, then they can expect new deposits to return to them and the amount of money in the economy will increase. Excessive or risky lending can cause borrowers to default, the banks then become more cautious, so there is less lending and therefore less money so that the economy can go from boom to bust as happened in the UK and many other Western economies after 2007.
Range of activities[edit]
Activities undertaken by banks include personal banking, corporate banking, investment banking, private banking, transaction banking, insurance, consumer finance, foreign exchange trading, commodity trading, trading in equities, futures and options trading and money market trading.
Channels[edit]
Banks offer many different channels to access their banking and other services:




An American bank in Maryland.



Automated teller machines
A branch in a retail location
Call centre
Mail: most banks accept cheque deposits via mail and use mail to communicate to their customers, e.g. by sending out statements
Mobile banking is a method of using one's mobile phone to conduct banking transactions
Online banking is a term used for performing multiple transactions, payments etc. over the Internet
Relationship managers, mostly for private banking or business banking, often visiting customers at their homes or businesses
Telephone banking is a service which allows its customers to conduct transactions over the telephone with automated attendant, or when requested, with telephone operator
Video banking is a term used for performing banking transactions or professional banking consultations via a remote video and audio connection. Video banking can be performed via purpose built banking transaction machines (similar to an Automated teller machine), or via a video conference enabled bank branch clarification
DSA is a Direct Selling Agent, who works for the bank based on a contract. Its main job is to increase the customer base for the bank.

Business models[edit]
A bank can generate revenue in a variety of different ways including interest, transaction fees and financial advice. Traditionally, the most significant method is via charging interest on the capital it lends out to customers.[citation needed] The bank profits from the difference between the level of interest it pays for deposits and other sources of funds, and the level of interest it charges in its lending activities.
This difference is referred to as the spread between highly the cost of funds and the loan interest rate. Historically, profitability from lending activities has been cyclical and dependent on the needs and strengths of loan customers and the stage of the economic cycle. Fees and financial advice constitute a more stable revenue stream and banks have therefore placed more emphasis on these revenue lines to smooth their financial performance.
In the past 20 years, American banks have taken many measures to ensure that they remain profitable while responding to increasingly changing market conditions.

First, this includes the Gramm–Leach–Bliley Act, which allows banks again to merge with investment and insurance houses. Merging banking, investment, and insurance functions allows traditional banks to respond to increasing consumer demands for "one-stop shopping" by enabling cross-selling of products (which, the banks hope, will also increase profitability).
Second, they have expanded the use of risk-based pricing from business lending to consumer lending, which means charging higher interest rates to those customers that are considered to be a higher credit risk and thus increased chance of default on loans. This helps to offset the losses from bad loans, lowers the price of loans to those who have better credit histories, and offers credit products to high risk customers who would otherwise be denied credit.
Third, they have sought to increase the methods of payment processing available to the general public and business clients. These products include debit cards, prepaid cards, smart cards, and credit cards. They make it easier for consumers to conveniently make transactions and smooth their consumption over time (in some countries with underdeveloped financial systems, it is still common to deal strictly in cash, including carrying suitcases filled with cash to purchase a home).


However, with the convenience of easy credit, there is also increased risk that consumers will mismanage their financial resources and accumulate excessive debt. Banks make money from card products through interest charges and fees charged to cardholders, and transaction fees to retailers who accept the bank's credit and/or debit cards for payments.

This helps in making a profit and facilitates economic development as a whole.[17]
Products[edit]




A former building society, now a modern retail bank in Leeds, West Yorkshire.






An interior of a branch of National Westminster Bank on Castle Street, Liverpool


Retail[edit]

Savings account
Recurring deposit account
Fixed deposit account
Money market account
Certificate of deposit (CD)
Individual retirement account (IRA)
Credit card
Debit card
Mortgage
Mutual fund
Personal loan
Time deposits
ATM card
Current accounts
Cheque books
Automated Teller Machine (ATM)

Business (or commercial/investment) banking[edit]

Business loan
Capital raising (equity / debt / hybrids)
Revolving credit
Risk management (foreign exchange (FX)), interest rates, commodities, derivatives)
Term loan
Cash management services (lock box, remote deposit capture, merchant processing)
Credit services

Capital and risk[edit]
Banks face a number of risks in order to conduct their business, and how well these risks are managed and understood is a key driver behind profitability, and how much capital a bank is required to hold. Bank capital consists principally of equity, retained earnings and subordinated debt.
After the 2007-2009 financial crisis, regulators force banks to issue Contingent convertible bonds (CoCos).These are hybrid capital securities that absorb losses in accordance with their contractual terms when the capital of the issuing bank falls below a certain level. Then debt is reduced and bank capitalization gets a boost. Owing to their capacity to absorb losses, CoCos have the potential to satisfy regulatory capital requirement.[18][19]
Some of the main risks faced by banks include:

Credit risk: risk of loss arising from a borrower who does not make payments as promised.[20]
Liquidity risk: risk that a given security or asset cannot be traded quickly enough in the market to prevent a loss (or make the required profit).
Market risk: risk that the value of a portfolio, either an investment portfolio or a trading portfolio, will decrease due to the change in value of the market risk factors.
Operational risk: risk arising from execution of a company's business functions.
Reputational risk: a type of risk related to the trustworthiness of business.
Macroeconomic risk: risks related to the aggregate economy the bank is operating in.[21]

The capital requirement is a bank regulation, which sets a framework within which a bank or depository institution must manage its balance sheet. The categorization of assets and capital is highly standardized so that it can be risk weighted.
Banks in the economy[edit]




SEB main building in Tallinn, Estonia


See also: Financial system
Economic functions[edit]
The economic functions of banks include:

Issue of money, in the form of banknotes and current accounts subject to cheque or payment at the customer's order. These claims on banks can act as money because they are negotiable or repayable on demand, and hence valued at par. They are effectively transferable by mere delivery, in the case of banknotes, or by drawing a cheque that the payee may bank or cash.
Netting and settlement of payments – banks act as both collection and paying agents for customers, participating in interbank clearing and settlement systems to collect, present, be presented with, and pay payment instruments. This enables banks to economize on reserves held for settlement of payments, since inward and outward payments offset each other. It also enables the offsetting of payment flows between geographical areas, reducing the cost of settlement between them.
Credit intermediation – banks borrow and lend back-to-back on their own account as middle men.
Credit quality improvement – banks lend money to ordinary commercial and personal borrowers (ordinary credit quality), but are high quality borrowers. The improvement comes from diversification of the bank's assets and capital which provides a buffer to absorb losses without defaulting on its obligations. However, banknotes and deposits are generally unsecured; if the bank gets into difficulty and pledges assets as security, to raise the funding it needs to continue to operate, this puts the note holders and depositors in an economically subordinated position.
Asset liability mismatch/Maturity transformation – banks borrow more on demand debt and short term debt, but provide more long term loans. In other words, they borrow short and lend long. With a stronger credit quality than most other borrowers, banks can do this by aggregating issues (e.g. accepting deposits and issuing banknotes) and redemptions (e.g. withdrawals and redemption of banknotes), maintaining reserves of cash, investing in marketable securities that can be readily converted to cash if needed, and raising replacement funding as needed from various sources (e.g. wholesale cash markets and securities markets).
Money creation/destruction – whenever a bank gives out a loan in a fractional-reserve banking system, a new sum of money is created and conversely, whenever the principal on that loan is repaid money is destroyed.

Bank crisis[edit]




OTP Bank in Prešov (Slovakia)


Banks are susceptible to many forms of risk which have triggered occasional systemic crises. These include liquidity risk (where many depositors may request withdrawals in excess of available funds), credit risk (the chance that those who owe money to the bank will not repay it), and interest rate risk (the possibility that the bank will become unprofitable, if rising interest rates force it to pay relatively more on its deposits than it receives on its loans).
Banking crises have developed many times throughout history, when one or more risks have emerged for a banking sector as a whole. Prominent examples include the bank run that occurred during the Great Depression, the U.S. Savings and Loan crisis in the 1980s and early 1990s, the Japanese banking crisis during the 1990s, and the sub-prime mortgage crisis in the 2000s.
Size of global banking industry[edit]
Assets of the largest 1,000 banks in the world grew by 6.8% in the 2008/2009 financial year to a record US$96.4 trillion while profits declined by 85% to US$115 billion. Growth in assets in adverse market conditions was largely a result of recapitalization. EU banks held the largest share of the total, 56% in 2008/2009, down from 61% in the previous year. Asian banks' share increased from 12% to 14% during the year, while the share of US banks increased from 11% to 13%. Fee revenue generated by global investment banking totalled US$66.3 billion in 2009, up 12% on the previous year.[22]
The United States has the most banks in the world in terms of institutions (5,330 as of 2015) and possibly branches (81,607 as of 2015).[23] This is an indicator of the geography and regulatory structure of the USA, resulting in a large number of small to medium-sized institutions in its banking system. As of November 2009, China's top 4 banks have in excess of 67,000 branches (ICBC:18000+, BOC:12000+, CCB:13000+, ABC:24000+) with an additional 140 smaller banks with an undetermined number of branches. Japan had 129 banks and 12,000 branches. In 2004, Germany, France, and Italy each had more than 30,000 branches – more than double the 15,000 branches in the UK.[22]
Regulation[edit]
Main article: Banking regulation
See also: Basel II
Currently commercial banks are regulated in most jurisdictions by government entities and require a special bank license to operate.


Bank regulation and standards




Bank for International Settlements
Basel Accords (Basel I, Basel II, Basel III)
Financial Stability Board




Background




Banking (Regulation)
Monetary policy
Central bank
Risk
Risk management
Regulatory capital
Tier 1
Tier 2




Pillar 1: Regulatory capital




Credit risk
Standardized
IRB Approach
F-IRB
A-IRB
PD
LGD
EAD
Operational risk
Basic
Standardized
AMA
Market risk
Duration
Value at risk




Pillar 2: Supervisory review




Economic capital
Liquidity risk
Legal risk




Pillar 3: Market disclosure




Disclosure




Business and Economics Portal





v
t
e





Usually the definition of the business of banking for the purposes of regulation is extended to include acceptance of deposits, even if they are not repayable to the customer's order – although money lending, by itself, is generally not included in the definition.
Unlike most other regulated industries, the regulator is typically also a participant in the market, being either a publicly or privately governed central bank. Central banks also typically have a monopoly on the business of issuing banknotes. However, in some countries this is not the case. In the UK, for example, the Financial Services Authority licenses banks, and some commercial banks (such as the Bank of Scotland) issue their own banknotes in addition to those issued by the Bank of England, the UK government's central bank.
Banking law is based on a contractual analysis of the relationship between the bank (defined above) and the customer – defined as any entity for which the bank agrees to conduct an account.
The law implies rights and obligations into this relationship as follows:

The bank account balance is the financial position between the bank and the customer: when the account is in credit, the bank owes the balance to the customer; when the account is overdrawn, the customer owes the balance to the bank.
The bank agrees to pay the customer's checks up to the amount standing to the credit of the customer's account, plus any agreed overdraft limit.
The bank may not pay from the customer's account without a mandate from the customer, e.g. a cheque drawn by the customer.
The bank agrees to promptly collect the cheques deposited to the customer's account as the customer's agent, and to credit the proceeds to the customer's account.
The bank has a right to combine the customer's accounts, since each account is just an aspect of the same credit relationship.
The bank has a lien on cheques deposited to the customer's account, to the extent that the customer is indebted to the bank.
The bank must not disclose details of transactions through the customer's account – unless the customer consents, there is a public duty to disclose, the bank's interests require it, or the law demands it.
The bank must not close a customer's account without reasonable notice, since cheques are outstanding in the ordinary course of business for several days.

These implied contractual terms may be modified by express agreement between the customer and the bank. The statutes and regulations in force within a particular jurisdiction may also modify the above terms and/or create new rights, obligations or limitations relevant to the bank-customer relationship.
Some types of financial institution, such as building societies and credit unions, may be partly or wholly exempt from bank license requirements, and therefore regulated under separate rules.
The requirements for the issue of a bank license vary between jurisdictions but typically include:

Minimum capital
Minimum capital ratio
'Fit and Proper' requirements for the bank's controllers, owners, directors, or senior officers
Approval of the bank's business plan as being sufficiently prudent and plausible.

Types of banks[edit]
Banks' activities can be divided into:

retail banking, dealing directly with individuals and small businesses;
business banking, providing services to mid-market business;
corporate banking, directed at large business entities;
private banking, providing wealth management services to high-net-worth individuals and families;
investment banking, relating to activities on the financial markets.

Most banks are profit-making, private enterprises. However, some are owned by government, or are non-profit organizations.
Types of banks[edit]




National Bank of the Republic, Salt Lake City 1908






ATM Al-Rajhi Bank






National Copper Bank, Salt Lake City 1911






A branch of Union Bank in, Visakhapatnam



Commercial banks: the term used for a normal bank to distinguish it from an investment bank. After the Great Depression, the U.S. Congress required that banks only engage in banking activities, whereas investment banks were limited to capital market activities. Since the two no longer have to be under separate ownership, some use the term "commercial bank" to refer to a bank or a division of a bank that mostly deals with deposits and loans from corporations or large businesses.
Community banks: locally operated financial institutions that empower employees to make local decisions to serve their customers and the partners.
Community development banks: regulated banks that provide financial services and credit to under-served markets or populations.
Land development banks: The special banks providing long-term loans are called land development banks (LDB). The history of LDB is quite old. The first LDB was started at Jhang in Punjab in 1920. The main objective of the LDBs are to promote the development of land, agriculture and increase the agricultural production. The LDBs provide long-term finance to members directly through their branches.[24]
Credit unions or co-operative banks: not-for-profit cooperatives owned by the depositors and often offering rates more favourable than for-profit banks. Typically, membership is restricted to employees of a particular company, residents of a defined area, members of a certain union or religious organizations, and their immediate families.
Postal savings banks: savings banks associated with national postal systems.
Private banks: banks that manage the assets of high-net-worth individuals. Historically a minimum of USD 1 million was required to open an account, however, over the last years many private banks have lowered their entry hurdles to USD 350,000 for private investors.[citation needed]
Offshore banks: banks located in jurisdictions with low taxation and regulation. Many offshore banks are essentially private banks.
Savings bank: in Europe, savings banks took their roots in the 19th or sometimes even in the 18th century. Their original objective was to provide easily accessible savings products to all strata of the population. In some countries, savings banks were created on public initiative; in others, socially committed individuals created foundations to put in place the necessary infrastructure. Nowadays, European savings banks have kept their focus on retail banking: payments, savings products, credits and insurances for individuals or small and medium-sized enterprises. Apart from this retail focus, they also differ from commercial banks by their broadly decentralized distribution network, providing local and regional outreach – and by their socially responsible approach to business and society.
Building societies and Landesbanks: institutions that conduct retail banking.
Ethical banks: banks that prioritize the transparency of all operations and make only what they consider to be socially responsible investments.
A direct or internet-only bank is a banking operation without any physical bank branches, conceived and implemented wholly with networked computers.

Types of investment banks[edit]

Investment banks "underwrite" (guarantee the sale of) stock and bond issues, trade for their own accounts, make markets, provide investment management, and advise corporations on capital market activities such as mergers and acquisitions.
Merchant banks were traditionally banks which engaged in trade finance. The modern definition, however, refers to banks which provide capital to firms in the form of shares rather than loans. Unlike venture caps, they tend not to invest in new companies.

Both combined[edit]




A branch of BDO Unibank in SM Aura Premier, BGC



Universal banks, more commonly known as financial services companies, engage in several of these activities. These big banks are very diversified groups that, among other services, also distribute insurance – hence the term bancassurance, a portmanteau word combining "banque or bank" and "assurance", signifying that both banking and insurance are provided by the same corporate entity.

Other types of banks[edit]

Central banks are normally government-owned and charged with quasi-regulatory responsibilities, such as supervising commercial banks, or controlling the cash interest rate. They generally provide liquidity to the banking system and act as the lender of last resort in event of a crisis.
Islamic banks adhere to the concepts of Islamic law. This form of banking revolves around several well-established principles based on Islamic canons. All banking activities must avoid interest, a concept that is forbidden in Islam. Instead, the bank earns profit (markup) and fees on the financing facilities that it extends to customers.

Challenges within the banking industry[edit]





The examples and perspective in this section may not represent a worldwide view of the subject. You may improve this article, discuss the issue on the talk page, or create a new article, as appropriate. (September 2009) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (September 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


United States[edit]
Main article: Banking in the United States




Citibank, The People's Trust Company Building, Brooklyn.


The United States banking industry is one of the most heavily regulated and guarded in the world,[25] with multiple specialized and focused regulators. All banks with FDIC-insured deposits have the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) as a regulator. However, for soundness examinations (i.e., whether a bank is operating in a sound manner), the Federal Reserve is the primary federal regulator for Fed-member state banks; the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) is the primary federal regulator for national banks; and the Office of Thrift Supervision, or OTS, is the primary federal regulator for thrifts. State non-member banks are examined by the state agencies as well as the FDIC. National banks have one primary regulator – the OCC.
Each regulatory agency has their own set of rules and regulations to which banks and thrifts must adhere. The Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (FFIEC) was established in 1979 as a formal inter-agency body empowered to prescribe uniform principles, standards, and report forms for the federal examination of financial institutions. Although the FFIEC has resulted in a greater degree of regulatory consistency between the agencies, the rules and regulations are constantly changing.
In addition to changing regulations, changes in the industry have led to consolidations within the Federal Reserve, FDIC, OTS, and OCC. Offices have been closed, supervisory regions have been merged, staff levels have been reduced and budgets have been cut. The remaining regulators face an increased burden with increased workload and more banks per regulator. While banks struggle to keep up with the changes in the regulatory environment, regulators struggle to manage their workload and effectively regulate their banks. The impact of these changes is that banks are receiving less hands-on assessment by the regulators, less time spent with each institution, and the potential for more problems slipping through the cracks, potentially resulting in an overall increase in bank failures across the United States.
The changing economic environment has a significant impact on banks and thrifts as they struggle to effectively manage their interest rate spread in the face of low rates on loans, rate competition for deposits and the general market changes, industry trends and economic fluctuations. It has been a challenge for banks to effectively set their growth strategies with the recent economic market. A rising interest rate environment may seem to help financial institutions, but the effect of the changes on consumers and businesses is not predictable and the challenge remains for banks to grow and effectively manage the spread to generate a return to their shareholders.
The management of the banks’ asset portfolios also remains a challenge in today’s economic environment. Loans are a bank’s primary asset category and when loan quality becomes suspect, the foundation of a bank is shaken to the core. While always an issue for banks, declining asset quality has become a big problem for financial institutions.




Safra National Bank, New York


There are several reasons for this, one of which is the lax attitude some banks have adopted because of the years of “good times.” The potential for this is exacerbated by the reduction in the regulatory oversight of banks and in some cases depth of management. Problems are more likely to go undetected, resulting in a significant impact on the bank when they are discovered. In addition, banks, like any business, struggle to cut costs and have consequently eliminated certain expenses, such as adequate employee training programs.
Banks also face a host of other challenges such as ageing ownership groups. Across the country, many banks’ management teams and board of directors are ageing. Banks also face ongoing pressure by shareholders, both public and private, to achieve earnings and growth projections. Regulators place added pressure on banks to manage the various categories of risk. Banking is also an extremely competitive industry. Competing in the financial services industry has become tougher with the entrance of such players as insurance agencies, credit unions, cheque cashing services, credit card companies, etc.
As a reaction, banks have developed their activities in financial instruments, through financial market operations such as brokerage and have become big players in such activities.
Loan activities of banks[edit]
To be able to provide home buyers and builders with the funds needed, banks must compete for deposits. The phenomenon of disintermediation had to dollars moving from savings accounts and into direct market instruments such as U.S. Department of Treasury obligations, agency securities, and corporate debt. One of the greatest factors in recent years in the movement of deposits was the tremendous growth of money market funds whose higher interest rates attracted consumer deposits.[26]
To compete for deposits, US savings institutions offer many different types of plans:[26]

Passbook or ordinary deposit accounts  – permit any amount to be added to or withdrawn from the account at any time.
NOW and Super NOW accounts  – function like checking accounts but earn interest. A minimum balance may be required on Super NOW accounts.
Money market accounts  – carry a monthly limit of preauthorized transfers to other accounts or persons and may require a minimum or average balance.
Certificate accounts  – subject to loss of some or all interest on withdrawals before maturity.
Notice accounts  – the equivalent of certificate accounts with an indefinite term. Savers agree to notify the institution a specified time before withdrawal.
Individual retirement accounts (IRAs) and Keogh plans  – a form of retirement savings in which the funds deposited and interest earned are exempt from income tax until after withdrawal.
Checking accounts  – offered by some institutions under definite restrictions.
All withdrawals and deposits are completely the sole decision and responsibility of the account owner unless the parent or guardian is required to do otherwise for legal reasons.
Club accounts and other savings accounts  – designed to help people save regularly to meet certain goals.

type of accounts[edit]




Suburban bank branch


Bank statements are accounting records produced by banks under the various accounting standards of the world. Under GAAP there are two kinds of accounts: debit and credit. Credit accounts are Revenue, Equity and Liabilities. Debit Accounts are Assets and Expenses. The bank credits a credit account to increase its balance, and debits a credit account to decrease its balance.[27]
The customer debits his or her savings/bank (asset) account in his ledger when making a deposit (and the account is normally in debit), while the customer credits a credit card (liability) account in his ledger every time he spends money (and the account is normally in credit). When the customer reads his bank statement, the statement will show a credit to the account for deposits, and debits for withdrawals of funds. The customer with a positive balance will see this balance reflected as a credit balance on the bank statement. If the customer is overdrawn, he will have a negative balance, reflected as a debit balance on the bank statement.
Brokered deposits[edit]
One source of deposits for banks is brokers who deposit large sums of money on behalf of investors through trust corporations. This money will generally go to the banks which offer the most favourable terms, often better than those offered local depositors. It is possible for a bank to engage in business with no local deposits at all, all funds being brokered deposits. Accepting a significant quantity of such deposits, or "hot money" as it is sometimes called, puts a bank in a difficult and sometimes risky position, as the funds must be lent or invested in a way that yields a return sufficient to pay the high interest being paid on the brokered deposits. This may result in risky decisions and even in eventual failure of the bank. Banks which failed during 2008 and 2009 in the United States during the global financial crisis had, on average, four times more brokered deposits as a percent of their deposits than the average bank. Such deposits, combined with risky real estate investments, factored into the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s. Regulation of brokered deposits is opposed by banks on the grounds that the practice can be a source of external funding to growing communities with insufficient local deposits.[28] There are different types of accounts: saving, recurring and current accounts.
Globalization in the banking industry[edit]
In modern time there has been huge reductions to the barriers of global competition in the banking industry. Increases in telecommunications and other financial technologies, such as Bloomberg, have allowed banks to extend their reach all over the world, since they no longer have to be near customers to manage both their finances and their risk. The growth in cross-border activities has also increased the demand for banks that can provide various services across borders to different nationalities. However, despite these reductions in barriers and growth in cross-border activities, the banking industry is nowhere near as globalized as some other industries. In the USA, for instance, very few banks even worry about the Riegle–Neal Act, which promotes more efficient interstate banking. In the vast majority of nations around the globe the market share for foreign owned banks is currently less than a tenth of all market shares for banks in a particular nation. One reason the banking industry has not been fully globalized is that it is more convenient to have local banks provide loans to small business and individuals. On the other hand, for large corporations, it is not as important in what nation the bank is in, since the corporation's financial information is available around the globe.[29]
See also[edit]




Types of institutions:

Bad bank
Bankers' bank
Building society
Cooperative bank
Credit union
Ethical bank
Industrial loan company
Islamic banking
Mortgage bank
Mutual savings bank
Offshore bank
Person-to-person lending
Public bank
Savings and loan association
Savings bank
Sparebank



Terms and concepts:

Bank regulation
Bankers' bonuses
Call report
Cheque
Electronic funds transfer
Factoring (finance)
Finance
Fractional-reserve banking
Full-reserve banking
Hedge fund
IBAN
Internet banking
Investment banking
Mobile banking
Money
Money laundering



Terms and concepts:

Narrow banking
Overdraft
Overdraft protection
Piggy bank
Pigmy Deposit Scheme
Private banking
Stockbroker
Substitute check
SWIFT
Tax haven
Venture capital
Wealth management
Wire transfer



Crime:

Bank fraud
Bank robbery
Cheque fraud
Mortgage fraud

Cyber Crime
Lists:

List of largest banks
List of accounting topics
List of bank mergers in United States
List of banks
List of economics topics
List of finance topics
List of largest U.S. bank failures
List of oldest banks
List of stock exchanges



Banking by country

Banking in Australia
Banking in Austria
Banking in Bangladesh
Banking in Canada
Banking in China
Banking in France
Banking in Germany
Banking in Greece
Banking in Hong Kong
Banking in Iran
Banking in India
Banking in Israel
Banking in Italy
Banking in Pakistan
Banking in Russia
Banking in Singapore
Banking in Switzerland
Banking in Tunisia
Banking in the United Kingdom
Banking in the United States





References[edit]


^ Bank of England. "Rulebook Glossary". 
^ Hoggson, N. F. (1926) Banking Through the Ages, New York, Dodd, Mead & Company.
^ Goldthwaite, R. A. (1995) Banks, Places and Entrepreneurs in Renaissance Florence, Aldershot, Hampshire, Great Britain, Variorum
^ Macesich, George (30 June 2000). "Central Banking: The Early Years: Other Early Banks". Issues in Money and Banking. Westport, Connecticut: Praeger Publishers (Greenwood Publishing Group). p. 42. ISBN 978-0-275-96777-2. doi:10.1336/0275967778. Retrieved 2009-03-12. The first state deposit bank was the Bank of St. George in Genoa, which was established in 1407. 
^ Thus by the 19th century we find “[i]n ordinary cases of deposits of money with banking corporations, or bankers, the transaction amounts to a mere loan or mutuum, and the bank is to restore, not the same money, but an equivalent sum, whenever it is demanded.” Joseph Story, Commentaries on the Law of Bailments (1832, p. 66) and “Money, when paid into a bank, ceases altogether to be the money of the principal (see Parker v. Marchant, 1 Phillips 360); it is then the money of the banker, who is bound to return an equivalent by paying a similar sum to that deposited with him when he is asked for it.” Lord Chancellor Cottenham, Foley v Hill (1848) 2 HLC 28.
^ Richards. The usual denomination was 50 or 100 pounds, so these notes were not an everyday currency for the common people
^ Richards, p. 40
^ "A History of British Banknotes". britishnotes.co.uk. 
^ "A short history of overdrafts". eccount money. Archived from the original on 2013-11-05. 
^ Morton, Julius Sterling (1898). The Conservative. p. 346. 
^ de Albuquerque, Martim (1855). Notes and Queries. London: George Bell. p. 431. 
^ "Etymonline". 
^ United Dominions Trust Ltd v Kirkwood, 1966, English Court of Appeal, 2 QB 431
^ (Banking Ordinance, Section 2, Interpretation, Hong Kong) Note that in this case the definition is extended to include accepting any deposits repayable in less than 3 months, companies that accept deposits of greater than HK$100 000 for periods of greater than 3 months are regulated as deposit taking companies rather than as banks in Hong Kong.
^ e.g. Tyree's Banking Law in New Zealand, A L Tyree, LexisNexis 2003, p. 70.
^ Bank of England statistics and the book "Where does money come from?", p. 47, by the New Economics Foundation.
^ "How Banks Make Money". The Street. Retrieved 2011-09-08. 
^ [1]
^ [2]
^ "Principles for the Management of Credit Risk – consultative document". July 1999. Retrieved 28 January 2016. Credit risk is most simply defined as the potential that a bank borrower or counterparty will fail to meet its obligations in accordance with agreed terms. 
^ Bolt, Wilko; Leo de Haan; Marco Hoeberichts; Maarten van Oordt; Job Swank (2012). "Bank Profitability during Recessions". Journal of Banking & Finance. 36 (9): 2552–64. doi:10.1016/j.jbankfin.2012.05.011. 
^ a b "Banking 2010" (PDF). [permanent dead link] (638 KB) charts 7–8, pages 3–4. TheCityUK.
^ "FDIC: HSOB Commercial Banks". www5.fdic.gov. Retrieved 2016-09-04. 
^ TNAU. "Land Development Bank". TNAU Agritech Portal. Retrieved 8 January 2014. 
^ Scott Besley and Eugene F. Brigham, Principles of Finance, 4th ed. (Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning, 2009), 125. This popular university textbook explains: "Generally speaking, U.S. financial institutions have been much more heavily regulated and faced greater limitations ... than have their foreign counterparts."
^ a b Mishler, Lon; Cole, Robert E. (1995). Consumer and business credit management. Homewood: Irwin. pp. 128–29. ISBN 0-256-13948-2. 
^ Statistics Department (2001). "Source Data for Monetary and Financial Statistics". Monetary and Financial Statistics: Compilation Guide. Washington D.C.: International Monetary Fund. p. 24. ISBN 978-1-58906-584-0. Retrieved 2009-03-14. 
^ "For Banks, Wads of Cash and Loads of Trouble" article by Eric Lipton and Andrew Martin in The New York Times July 3, 2009
^ Allen N Berger; Qinglei Dai; Steven Ongena; David C Smith (31 March 2003). "To what extent will the banking industry be globalized? A study of bank nationality and reach in 20 European nations". Retrieved 28 January 2016. 


External links[edit]

Find more aboutBankat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
Texts from Wikisource



Guardian Datablog – World's Biggest Banks
Banking, Banks, and Credit Unions from UCB Libraries GovPubs
A Guide to the National Banking System (PDF). Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC), Washington, D.C. Provides an overview of the national banking system of the USA, its regulation, and the OCC.




Authority control



GND: 4004436-1
NDL: 00562463










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Bank&oldid=792403414"					
Categories: BanksBankingLegal entitiesItalian inventionsEconomic history of ItalyHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesUse British English Oxford spelling from September 2016Articles needing additional references from May 2016All articles needing additional referencesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2011Articles with unsourced statements from August 2010Articles with limited geographic scope from September 2009Articles needing additional references from September 2008Wikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


Afrikaansአማርኛالعربيةܐܪܡܝܐঅসমীয়াAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaتۆرکجهবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBosanskiCatalàЧӑвашлаČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGàidhligGalegoગુજરાતી客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliKreyòl ayisyenLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीМакедонскиമലയാളംमराठीمصرىBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskNouormandOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀPälzischپښتوPolskiPortuguêsQaraqalpaqshaRomânăRuna SimiРусскийСаха тылаScotsShqipSicilianuසිංහලSimple EnglishسنڌيSlovenčinaSlovenščinaSoomaaligaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்Татарча/tatarçaతెలుగుไทยТоҷикӣLea faka-TongaTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinarayייִדיש粵語ZazakiŽemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 09:21.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Bank - Wikipedia






















 






Bank

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Banker" redirects here. For other uses, see Bank (disambiguation) and Banker (disambiguation).





This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (May 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)





The Bank of England, established in 1694.



Part of a series on financial services


Banking




Types of banks


Advising
Central
Commercial
Community development
Cooperative
Credit union
Custodian
Depository
Direct
Export credit agency
Investment
Industrial
Merchant
Mutual savings
National
Offshore
Postal savings
Private
Public
Retail
Savings
Savings and loan
Universal

Lists of banks






Accounts · Cards



Accounts




Christmas club
Deposit
Money-market
Savings
Time deposit (Bond)

Transaction (checking / current)


Cards




ATM
Credit
Debit











Funds transfer


Electronic

bill payment


Wire
Cheque
SWIFT
Automated Clearing House
Giro








Banking terms





Automatic teller machine
Bank regulation
Loan
Money creation






Anonymous banking
Ethical banking
Fractional reserve banking
Islamic banking
Private banking











Related topics
Financial market (participants)

Corporate finance
Personal finance
Public finance
Financial regulation
List of banks









v
t
e







Finance







Markets





Bond
Commodity
Derivatives
Foreign exchange
Money
Over-the-counter
Private equity
Real estate
Spot
Stock




Participants




Investor

institutional


Retail
Speculator











Instruments



Cash
Credit line
Deposit
Derivative
Futures contract
Loan



Option (call
exotic
put)



Security
Stock

Time deposit
(certificate of deposit)








Corporate





Accounting
Audit
Capital budgeting



Credit rating agency



Risk management
Financial statement



Leveraged buyout
Mergers and acquisitions



Structured finance
Venture capital











Personal


Credit / Debt
Employment contract
Financial planning



Retirement
Student loan











Public



Government spending




Final consumption expenditure



Operations
Redistribution



Transfer payment




Government revenue







Taxation
Deficit spending






Budget (balance)
Debt



Non-tax revenue
Warrant of payment











Banks and banking



Central bank
Deposit account
Fractional-reserve banking
Loan
Money supply



Lists of banks








Regulation · Standards





Bank regulation
Basel Accords
International Financial Reporting Standards
ISO 31000
Professional certification
Fund governance
Accounting scandals











Economic history


Private equity and venture capital
Recession
Stock market bubble
Stock market crash









v
t
e





A bank is a financial institution that accepts deposits from the public and creates credit.[1] Lending activities can be performed either directly or indirectly through capital markets. Due to their importance in the financial stability of a country, banks are highly regulated in most countries. Most nations have institutionalized a system known as fractional reserve banking under which banks hold liquid assets equal to only a portion of their current liabilities. In addition to other regulations intended to ensure liquidity, banks are generally subject to minimum capital requirements based on an international set of capital standards, known as the Basel Accords.
Banking in its modern sense evolved in the 14th century in the prosperous cities of Renaissance Italy but in many ways was a continuation of ideas and concepts of credit and lending that had their roots in the ancient world. In the history of banking, a number of banking dynasties  – notably, the Medicis, the Fuggers, the Welsers, the Berenbergs and the Rothschilds  – have played a central role over many centuries. The oldest existing retail bank is Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena, while the oldest existing merchant bank is Berenberg Bank.



Contents


1 History
2 Etymology
3 Definition

3.1 Standard business
3.2 Range of activities
3.3 Channels
3.4 Business models
3.5 Products

3.5.1 Retail
3.5.2 Business (or commercial/investment) banking




4 Capital and risk
5 Banks in the economy

5.1 Economic functions
5.2 Bank crisis
5.3 Size of global banking industry


6 Regulation
7 Types of banks

7.1 Types of banks
7.2 Types of investment banks
7.3 Both combined
7.4 Other types of banks


8 Challenges within the banking industry

8.1 United States
8.2 Loan activities of banks


9 type of accounts

9.1 Brokered deposits


10 Globalization in the banking industry
11 See also
12 References
13 External links



History[edit]


Personal finance





Credit · Debt




Mortgage
Car loan
Credit card
Unsecured personal loan
Rent-to-own
Student loan
Pawn
Title loan
Payday loan
Refund anticipation loan
Refinancing
Debt consolidation
Bankruptcy




Employment contract




Salary
Wage
Salary packaging
Employee stock option
Employee benefits




Retirement





Pension




Defined benefit
Defined contribution
Social security
Business plan
Corporate action





Personal budget




Financial planner
Financial adviser
Stockbroker
Financial independence
Estate planning




See also




Bank
Cooperative
Credit union







v
t
e





Main article: History of banking




Among many other things, the Code of Hammurabi from 1754 BC recorded interest-bearing loans.


Banking began with the first prototype banks of merchants of the ancient world, which made grain loans to farmers and traders who carried goods between cities. This began around 2000 BC in Assyria and Babylonia. Later, in ancient Greece and during the Roman Empire, lenders based in temples made loans and added two important innovations: they accepted deposits and changed money. Archaeology from this period in ancient China and India also shows evidence of money lending activity.
The origins of modern banking can be traced to medieval and early Renaissance Italy, to the rich cities in the centre and north like Florence, Lucca, Siena, Venice and Genoa. The Bardi and Peruzzi families dominated banking in 14th-century Florence, establishing branches in many other parts of Europe.[2] One of the most famous Italian banks was the Medici Bank, set up by Giovanni di Bicci de' Medici in 1397.[3] The earliest known state deposit bank, Banco di San Giorgio (Bank of St. George), was founded in 1407 at Genoa, Italy.[4]
Modern banking practices, including fractional reserve banking and the issue of banknotes, emerged in the 17th and 18th centuries. Merchants started to store their gold with the goldsmiths of London, who possessed private vaults, and charged a fee for that service. In exchange for each deposit of precious metal, the goldsmiths issued receipts certifying the quantity and purity of the metal they held as a bailee; these receipts could not be assigned, only the original depositor could collect the stored goods.




The sealing of the Bank of England Charter (1694).


Gradually the goldsmiths began to lend the money out on behalf of the depositor, which led to the development of modern banking practices; promissory notes (which evolved into banknotes) were issued for money deposited as a loan to the goldsmith.[5] The goldsmith paid interest on these deposits. Since the promissory notes were payable on demand, and the advances (loans) to the goldsmith's customers were repayable over a longer time period, this was an early form of fractional reserve banking. The promissory notes developed into an assignable instrument which could circulate as a safe and convenient form of money backed by the goldsmith's promise to pay,[6] allowing goldsmiths to advance loans with little risk of default.[7] Thus, the goldsmiths of London became the forerunners of banking by creating new money based on credit.
The Bank of England was the first to begin the permanent issue of banknotes, in 1695.[8] The Royal Bank of Scotland established the first overdraft facility in 1728.[9] By the beginning of the 19th century a bankers' clearing house was established in London to allow multiple banks to clear transactions. The Rothschilds pioneered international finance on a large scale, financing the purchase of the Suez canal for the British government.




A 640 BC one-third stater electrum coin from Lydia, where gold and silver coins were used for the first time


Etymology[edit]
The word bank was borrowed in Middle English from Middle French banque, from Old Italian banca, meaning "table", from Old High German banc, bank "bench, counter". Benches were used as makeshift desks or exchange counters during the Renaissance by Jewish[10] Florentine bankers, who used to make their transactions atop desks covered by green tablecloths.[11][12]
Definition[edit]
The definition of a bank varies from country to country. See the relevant country pages under for more information.
Under English common law, a banker is defined as a person who carries on the business of banking, which is specified as:[13]

conducting current accounts for his customers,
paying cheques drawn on him/her and
collecting cheques for his/her customers.





Banco de Venezuela in Coro.






Branch of Nepal Bank in Pokhara, Western Nepal.


In most common law jurisdictions there is a Bills of Exchange Act that codifies the law in relation to negotiable instruments, including cheques, and this Act contains a statutory definition of the term banker: banker includes a body of persons, whether incorporated or not, who carry on the business of banking' (Section 2, Interpretation). Although this definition seems circular, it is actually functional, because it ensures that the legal basis for bank transactions such as cheques does not depend on how the bank is structured or regulated.
The business of banking is in many English common law countries not defined by statute but by common law, the definition above. In other English common law jurisdictions there are statutory definitions of the business of banking or banking business. When looking at these definitions it is important to keep in mind that they are defining the business of banking for the purposes of the legislation, and not necessarily in general. In particular, most of the definitions are from legislation that has the purpose of regulating and supervising banks rather than regulating the actual business of banking. However, in many cases the statutory definition closely mirrors the common law one. Examples of statutory definitions:

"banking business" means the business of receiving money on current or deposit account, paying and collecting cheques drawn by or paid in by customers, the making of advances to customers, and includes such other business as the Authority may prescribe for the purposes of this Act; (Banking Act (Singapore), Section 2, Interpretation).
"banking business" means the business of either or both of the following:


receiving from the general public money on current, deposit, savings or other similar account repayable on demand or within less than [3 months] ... or with a period of call or notice of less than that period;
paying or collecting cheques drawn by or paid in by customers.[14]

Since the advent of EFTPOS (Electronic Funds Transfer at Point Of Sale), direct credit, direct debit and internet banking, the cheque has lost its primacy in most banking systems as a payment instrument. This has led legal theorists to suggest that the cheque based definition should be broadened to include financial institutions that conduct current accounts for customers and enable customers to pay and be paid by third parties, even if they do not pay and collect cheques .[15]
Standard business[edit]




Large door to an old bank vault.


Banks act as payment agents by conducting checking or current accounts for customers, paying cheques drawn by customers in the bank, and collecting cheques deposited to customers' current accounts. Banks also enable customer payments via other payment methods such as Automated Clearing House (ACH), Wire transfers or telegraphic transfer, EFTPOS, and automated teller machines (ATMs).
Banks borrow money by accepting funds deposited on current accounts, by accepting term deposits, and by issuing debt securities such as banknotes and bonds. Banks lend money by making advances to customers on current accounts, by making installment loans, and by investing in marketable debt securities and other forms of money lending.
Banks provide different payment services, and a bank account is considered indispensable by most businesses and individuals. Non-banks that provide payment services such as remittance companies are normally not considered as an adequate substitute for a bank account.
Banks can create new money when they make a loan. New loans throughout the banking system generate new deposits elsewhere in the system. The money supply is usually increased by the act of lending, and reduced when loans are repaid faster than new ones are generated. In the United Kingdom between 1997 and 2007, there was an increase in the money supply, largely caused by much more bank lending, which served to push up property prices and increase private debt. The amount of money in the economy as measured by M4 in the UK went from £750 billion to £1700 billion between 1997 and 2007, much of the increase caused by bank lending.[16] If all the banks increase their lending together, then they can expect new deposits to return to them and the amount of money in the economy will increase. Excessive or risky lending can cause borrowers to default, the banks then become more cautious, so there is less lending and therefore less money so that the economy can go from boom to bust as happened in the UK and many other Western economies after 2007.
Range of activities[edit]
Activities undertaken by banks include personal banking, corporate banking, investment banking, private banking, transaction banking, insurance, consumer finance, foreign exchange trading, commodity trading, trading in equities, futures and options trading and money market trading.
Channels[edit]
Banks offer many different channels to access their banking and other services:




An American bank in Maryland.



Automated teller machines
A branch in a retail location
Call centre
Mail: most banks accept cheque deposits via mail and use mail to communicate to their customers, e.g. by sending out statements
Mobile banking is a method of using one's mobile phone to conduct banking transactions
Online banking is a term used for performing multiple transactions, payments etc. over the Internet
Relationship managers, mostly for private banking or business banking, often visiting customers at their homes or businesses
Telephone banking is a service which allows its customers to conduct transactions over the telephone with automated attendant, or when requested, with telephone operator
Video banking is a term used for performing banking transactions or professional banking consultations via a remote video and audio connection. Video banking can be performed via purpose built banking transaction machines (similar to an Automated teller machine), or via a video conference enabled bank branch clarification
DSA is a Direct Selling Agent, who works for the bank based on a contract. Its main job is to increase the customer base for the bank.

Business models[edit]
A bank can generate revenue in a variety of different ways including interest, transaction fees and financial advice. Traditionally, the most significant method is via charging interest on the capital it lends out to customers.[citation needed] The bank profits from the difference between the level of interest it pays for deposits and other sources of funds, and the level of interest it charges in its lending activities.
This difference is referred to as the spread between highly the cost of funds and the loan interest rate. Historically, profitability from lending activities has been cyclical and dependent on the needs and strengths of loan customers and the stage of the economic cycle. Fees and financial advice constitute a more stable revenue stream and banks have therefore placed more emphasis on these revenue lines to smooth their financial performance.
In the past 20 years, American banks have taken many measures to ensure that they remain profitable while responding to increasingly changing market conditions.

First, this includes the Gramm–Leach–Bliley Act, which allows banks again to merge with investment and insurance houses. Merging banking, investment, and insurance functions allows traditional banks to respond to increasing consumer demands for "one-stop shopping" by enabling cross-selling of products (which, the banks hope, will also increase profitability).
Second, they have expanded the use of risk-based pricing from business lending to consumer lending, which means charging higher interest rates to those customers that are considered to be a higher credit risk and thus increased chance of default on loans. This helps to offset the losses from bad loans, lowers the price of loans to those who have better credit histories, and offers credit products to high risk customers who would otherwise be denied credit.
Third, they have sought to increase the methods of payment processing available to the general public and business clients. These products include debit cards, prepaid cards, smart cards, and credit cards. They make it easier for consumers to conveniently make transactions and smooth their consumption over time (in some countries with underdeveloped financial systems, it is still common to deal strictly in cash, including carrying suitcases filled with cash to purchase a home).


However, with the convenience of easy credit, there is also increased risk that consumers will mismanage their financial resources and accumulate excessive debt. Banks make money from card products through interest charges and fees charged to cardholders, and transaction fees to retailers who accept the bank's credit and/or debit cards for payments.

This helps in making a profit and facilitates economic development as a whole.[17]
Products[edit]




A former building society, now a modern retail bank in Leeds, West Yorkshire.






An interior of a branch of National Westminster Bank on Castle Street, Liverpool


Retail[edit]

Savings account
Recurring deposit account
Fixed deposit account
Money market account
Certificate of deposit (CD)
Individual retirement account (IRA)
Credit card
Debit card
Mortgage
Mutual fund
Personal loan
Time deposits
ATM card
Current accounts
Cheque books
Automated Teller Machine (ATM)

Business (or commercial/investment) banking[edit]

Business loan
Capital raising (equity / debt / hybrids)
Revolving credit
Risk management (foreign exchange (FX)), interest rates, commodities, derivatives)
Term loan
Cash management services (lock box, remote deposit capture, merchant processing)
Credit services

Capital and risk[edit]
Banks face a number of risks in order to conduct their business, and how well these risks are managed and understood is a key driver behind profitability, and how much capital a bank is required to hold. Bank capital consists principally of equity, retained earnings and subordinated debt.
After the 2007-2009 financial crisis, regulators force banks to issue Contingent convertible bonds (CoCos).These are hybrid capital securities that absorb losses in accordance with their contractual terms when the capital of the issuing bank falls below a certain level. Then debt is reduced and bank capitalization gets a boost. Owing to their capacity to absorb losses, CoCos have the potential to satisfy regulatory capital requirement.[18][19]
Some of the main risks faced by banks include:

Credit risk: risk of loss arising from a borrower who does not make payments as promised.[20]
Liquidity risk: risk that a given security or asset cannot be traded quickly enough in the market to prevent a loss (or make the required profit).
Market risk: risk that the value of a portfolio, either an investment portfolio or a trading portfolio, will decrease due to the change in value of the market risk factors.
Operational risk: risk arising from execution of a company's business functions.
Reputational risk: a type of risk related to the trustworthiness of business.
Macroeconomic risk: risks related to the aggregate economy the bank is operating in.[21]

The capital requirement is a bank regulation, which sets a framework within which a bank or depository institution must manage its balance sheet. The categorization of assets and capital is highly standardized so that it can be risk weighted.
Banks in the economy[edit]




SEB main building in Tallinn, Estonia


See also: Financial system
Economic functions[edit]
The economic functions of banks include:

Issue of money, in the form of banknotes and current accounts subject to cheque or payment at the customer's order. These claims on banks can act as money because they are negotiable or repayable on demand, and hence valued at par. They are effectively transferable by mere delivery, in the case of banknotes, or by drawing a cheque that the payee may bank or cash.
Netting and settlement of payments – banks act as both collection and paying agents for customers, participating in interbank clearing and settlement systems to collect, present, be presented with, and pay payment instruments. This enables banks to economize on reserves held for settlement of payments, since inward and outward payments offset each other. It also enables the offsetting of payment flows between geographical areas, reducing the cost of settlement between them.
Credit intermediation – banks borrow and lend back-to-back on their own account as middle men.
Credit quality improvement – banks lend money to ordinary commercial and personal borrowers (ordinary credit quality), but are high quality borrowers. The improvement comes from diversification of the bank's assets and capital which provides a buffer to absorb losses without defaulting on its obligations. However, banknotes and deposits are generally unsecured; if the bank gets into difficulty and pledges assets as security, to raise the funding it needs to continue to operate, this puts the note holders and depositors in an economically subordinated position.
Asset liability mismatch/Maturity transformation – banks borrow more on demand debt and short term debt, but provide more long term loans. In other words, they borrow short and lend long. With a stronger credit quality than most other borrowers, banks can do this by aggregating issues (e.g. accepting deposits and issuing banknotes) and redemptions (e.g. withdrawals and redemption of banknotes), maintaining reserves of cash, investing in marketable securities that can be readily converted to cash if needed, and raising replacement funding as needed from various sources (e.g. wholesale cash markets and securities markets).
Money creation/destruction – whenever a bank gives out a loan in a fractional-reserve banking system, a new sum of money is created and conversely, whenever the principal on that loan is repaid money is destroyed.

Bank crisis[edit]




OTP Bank in Prešov (Slovakia)


Banks are susceptible to many forms of risk which have triggered occasional systemic crises. These include liquidity risk (where many depositors may request withdrawals in excess of available funds), credit risk (the chance that those who owe money to the bank will not repay it), and interest rate risk (the possibility that the bank will become unprofitable, if rising interest rates force it to pay relatively more on its deposits than it receives on its loans).
Banking crises have developed many times throughout history, when one or more risks have emerged for a banking sector as a whole. Prominent examples include the bank run that occurred during the Great Depression, the U.S. Savings and Loan crisis in the 1980s and early 1990s, the Japanese banking crisis during the 1990s, and the sub-prime mortgage crisis in the 2000s.
Size of global banking industry[edit]
Assets of the largest 1,000 banks in the world grew by 6.8% in the 2008/2009 financial year to a record US$96.4 trillion while profits declined by 85% to US$115 billion. Growth in assets in adverse market conditions was largely a result of recapitalization. EU banks held the largest share of the total, 56% in 2008/2009, down from 61% in the previous year. Asian banks' share increased from 12% to 14% during the year, while the share of US banks increased from 11% to 13%. Fee revenue generated by global investment banking totalled US$66.3 billion in 2009, up 12% on the previous year.[22]
The United States has the most banks in the world in terms of institutions (5,330 as of 2015) and possibly branches (81,607 as of 2015).[23] This is an indicator of the geography and regulatory structure of the USA, resulting in a large number of small to medium-sized institutions in its banking system. As of November 2009, China's top 4 banks have in excess of 67,000 branches (ICBC:18000+, BOC:12000+, CCB:13000+, ABC:24000+) with an additional 140 smaller banks with an undetermined number of branches. Japan had 129 banks and 12,000 branches. In 2004, Germany, France, and Italy each had more than 30,000 branches – more than double the 15,000 branches in the UK.[22]
Regulation[edit]
Main article: Banking regulation
See also: Basel II
Currently commercial banks are regulated in most jurisdictions by government entities and require a special bank license to operate.


Bank regulation and standards




Bank for International Settlements
Basel Accords (Basel I, Basel II, Basel III)
Financial Stability Board




Background




Banking (Regulation)
Monetary policy
Central bank
Risk
Risk management
Regulatory capital
Tier 1
Tier 2




Pillar 1: Regulatory capital




Credit risk
Standardized
IRB Approach
F-IRB
A-IRB
PD
LGD
EAD
Operational risk
Basic
Standardized
AMA
Market risk
Duration
Value at risk




Pillar 2: Supervisory review




Economic capital
Liquidity risk
Legal risk




Pillar 3: Market disclosure




Disclosure




Business and Economics Portal





v
t
e





Usually the definition of the business of banking for the purposes of regulation is extended to include acceptance of deposits, even if they are not repayable to the customer's order – although money lending, by itself, is generally not included in the definition.
Unlike most other regulated industries, the regulator is typically also a participant in the market, being either a publicly or privately governed central bank. Central banks also typically have a monopoly on the business of issuing banknotes. However, in some countries this is not the case. In the UK, for example, the Financial Services Authority licenses banks, and some commercial banks (such as the Bank of Scotland) issue their own banknotes in addition to those issued by the Bank of England, the UK government's central bank.
Banking law is based on a contractual analysis of the relationship between the bank (defined above) and the customer – defined as any entity for which the bank agrees to conduct an account.
The law implies rights and obligations into this relationship as follows:

The bank account balance is the financial position between the bank and the customer: when the account is in credit, the bank owes the balance to the customer; when the account is overdrawn, the customer owes the balance to the bank.
The bank agrees to pay the customer's checks up to the amount standing to the credit of the customer's account, plus any agreed overdraft limit.
The bank may not pay from the customer's account without a mandate from the customer, e.g. a cheque drawn by the customer.
The bank agrees to promptly collect the cheques deposited to the customer's account as the customer's agent, and to credit the proceeds to the customer's account.
The bank has a right to combine the customer's accounts, since each account is just an aspect of the same credit relationship.
The bank has a lien on cheques deposited to the customer's account, to the extent that the customer is indebted to the bank.
The bank must not disclose details of transactions through the customer's account – unless the customer consents, there is a public duty to disclose, the bank's interests require it, or the law demands it.
The bank must not close a customer's account without reasonable notice, since cheques are outstanding in the ordinary course of business for several days.

These implied contractual terms may be modified by express agreement between the customer and the bank. The statutes and regulations in force within a particular jurisdiction may also modify the above terms and/or create new rights, obligations or limitations relevant to the bank-customer relationship.
Some types of financial institution, such as building societies and credit unions, may be partly or wholly exempt from bank license requirements, and therefore regulated under separate rules.
The requirements for the issue of a bank license vary between jurisdictions but typically include:

Minimum capital
Minimum capital ratio
'Fit and Proper' requirements for the bank's controllers, owners, directors, or senior officers
Approval of the bank's business plan as being sufficiently prudent and plausible.

Types of banks[edit]
Banks' activities can be divided into:

retail banking, dealing directly with individuals and small businesses;
business banking, providing services to mid-market business;
corporate banking, directed at large business entities;
private banking, providing wealth management services to high-net-worth individuals and families;
investment banking, relating to activities on the financial markets.

Most banks are profit-making, private enterprises. However, some are owned by government, or are non-profit organizations.
Types of banks[edit]




National Bank of the Republic, Salt Lake City 1908






ATM Al-Rajhi Bank






National Copper Bank, Salt Lake City 1911






A branch of Union Bank in, Visakhapatnam



Commercial banks: the term used for a normal bank to distinguish it from an investment bank. After the Great Depression, the U.S. Congress required that banks only engage in banking activities, whereas investment banks were limited to capital market activities. Since the two no longer have to be under separate ownership, some use the term "commercial bank" to refer to a bank or a division of a bank that mostly deals with deposits and loans from corporations or large businesses.
Community banks: locally operated financial institutions that empower employees to make local decisions to serve their customers and the partners.
Community development banks: regulated banks that provide financial services and credit to under-served markets or populations.
Land development banks: The special banks providing long-term loans are called land development banks (LDB). The history of LDB is quite old. The first LDB was started at Jhang in Punjab in 1920. The main objective of the LDBs are to promote the development of land, agriculture and increase the agricultural production. The LDBs provide long-term finance to members directly through their branches.[24]
Credit unions or co-operative banks: not-for-profit cooperatives owned by the depositors and often offering rates more favourable than for-profit banks. Typically, membership is restricted to employees of a particular company, residents of a defined area, members of a certain union or religious organizations, and their immediate families.
Postal savings banks: savings banks associated with national postal systems.
Private banks: banks that manage the assets of high-net-worth individuals. Historically a minimum of USD 1 million was required to open an account, however, over the last years many private banks have lowered their entry hurdles to USD 350,000 for private investors.[citation needed]
Offshore banks: banks located in jurisdictions with low taxation and regulation. Many offshore banks are essentially private banks.
Savings bank: in Europe, savings banks took their roots in the 19th or sometimes even in the 18th century. Their original objective was to provide easily accessible savings products to all strata of the population. In some countries, savings banks were created on public initiative; in others, socially committed individuals created foundations to put in place the necessary infrastructure. Nowadays, European savings banks have kept their focus on retail banking: payments, savings products, credits and insurances for individuals or small and medium-sized enterprises. Apart from this retail focus, they also differ from commercial banks by their broadly decentralized distribution network, providing local and regional outreach – and by their socially responsible approach to business and society.
Building societies and Landesbanks: institutions that conduct retail banking.
Ethical banks: banks that prioritize the transparency of all operations and make only what they consider to be socially responsible investments.
A direct or internet-only bank is a banking operation without any physical bank branches, conceived and implemented wholly with networked computers.

Types of investment banks[edit]

Investment banks "underwrite" (guarantee the sale of) stock and bond issues, trade for their own accounts, make markets, provide investment management, and advise corporations on capital market activities such as mergers and acquisitions.
Merchant banks were traditionally banks which engaged in trade finance. The modern definition, however, refers to banks which provide capital to firms in the form of shares rather than loans. Unlike venture caps, they tend not to invest in new companies.

Both combined[edit]




A branch of BDO Unibank in SM Aura Premier, BGC



Universal banks, more commonly known as financial services companies, engage in several of these activities. These big banks are very diversified groups that, among other services, also distribute insurance – hence the term bancassurance, a portmanteau word combining "banque or bank" and "assurance", signifying that both banking and insurance are provided by the same corporate entity.

Other types of banks[edit]

Central banks are normally government-owned and charged with quasi-regulatory responsibilities, such as supervising commercial banks, or controlling the cash interest rate. They generally provide liquidity to the banking system and act as the lender of last resort in event of a crisis.
Islamic banks adhere to the concepts of Islamic law. This form of banking revolves around several well-established principles based on Islamic canons. All banking activities must avoid interest, a concept that is forbidden in Islam. Instead, the bank earns profit (markup) and fees on the financing facilities that it extends to customers.

Challenges within the banking industry[edit]





The examples and perspective in this section may not represent a worldwide view of the subject. You may improve this article, discuss the issue on the talk page, or create a new article, as appropriate. (September 2009) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (September 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


United States[edit]
Main article: Banking in the United States




Citibank, The People's Trust Company Building, Brooklyn.


The United States banking industry is one of the most heavily regulated and guarded in the world,[25] with multiple specialized and focused regulators. All banks with FDIC-insured deposits have the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) as a regulator. However, for soundness examinations (i.e., whether a bank is operating in a sound manner), the Federal Reserve is the primary federal regulator for Fed-member state banks; the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) is the primary federal regulator for national banks; and the Office of Thrift Supervision, or OTS, is the primary federal regulator for thrifts. State non-member banks are examined by the state agencies as well as the FDIC. National banks have one primary regulator – the OCC.
Each regulatory agency has their own set of rules and regulations to which banks and thrifts must adhere. The Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (FFIEC) was established in 1979 as a formal inter-agency body empowered to prescribe uniform principles, standards, and report forms for the federal examination of financial institutions. Although the FFIEC has resulted in a greater degree of regulatory consistency between the agencies, the rules and regulations are constantly changing.
In addition to changing regulations, changes in the industry have led to consolidations within the Federal Reserve, FDIC, OTS, and OCC. Offices have been closed, supervisory regions have been merged, staff levels have been reduced and budgets have been cut. The remaining regulators face an increased burden with increased workload and more banks per regulator. While banks struggle to keep up with the changes in the regulatory environment, regulators struggle to manage their workload and effectively regulate their banks. The impact of these changes is that banks are receiving less hands-on assessment by the regulators, less time spent with each institution, and the potential for more problems slipping through the cracks, potentially resulting in an overall increase in bank failures across the United States.
The changing economic environment has a significant impact on banks and thrifts as they struggle to effectively manage their interest rate spread in the face of low rates on loans, rate competition for deposits and the general market changes, industry trends and economic fluctuations. It has been a challenge for banks to effectively set their growth strategies with the recent economic market. A rising interest rate environment may seem to help financial institutions, but the effect of the changes on consumers and businesses is not predictable and the challenge remains for banks to grow and effectively manage the spread to generate a return to their shareholders.
The management of the banks’ asset portfolios also remains a challenge in today’s economic environment. Loans are a bank’s primary asset category and when loan quality becomes suspect, the foundation of a bank is shaken to the core. While always an issue for banks, declining asset quality has become a big problem for financial institutions.




Safra National Bank, New York


There are several reasons for this, one of which is the lax attitude some banks have adopted because of the years of “good times.” The potential for this is exacerbated by the reduction in the regulatory oversight of banks and in some cases depth of management. Problems are more likely to go undetected, resulting in a significant impact on the bank when they are discovered. In addition, banks, like any business, struggle to cut costs and have consequently eliminated certain expenses, such as adequate employee training programs.
Banks also face a host of other challenges such as ageing ownership groups. Across the country, many banks’ management teams and board of directors are ageing. Banks also face ongoing pressure by shareholders, both public and private, to achieve earnings and growth projections. Regulators place added pressure on banks to manage the various categories of risk. Banking is also an extremely competitive industry. Competing in the financial services industry has become tougher with the entrance of such players as insurance agencies, credit unions, cheque cashing services, credit card companies, etc.
As a reaction, banks have developed their activities in financial instruments, through financial market operations such as brokerage and have become big players in such activities.
Loan activities of banks[edit]
To be able to provide home buyers and builders with the funds needed, banks must compete for deposits. The phenomenon of disintermediation had to dollars moving from savings accounts and into direct market instruments such as U.S. Department of Treasury obligations, agency securities, and corporate debt. One of the greatest factors in recent years in the movement of deposits was the tremendous growth of money market funds whose higher interest rates attracted consumer deposits.[26]
To compete for deposits, US savings institutions offer many different types of plans:[26]

Passbook or ordinary deposit accounts  – permit any amount to be added to or withdrawn from the account at any time.
NOW and Super NOW accounts  – function like checking accounts but earn interest. A minimum balance may be required on Super NOW accounts.
Money market accounts  – carry a monthly limit of preauthorized transfers to other accounts or persons and may require a minimum or average balance.
Certificate accounts  – subject to loss of some or all interest on withdrawals before maturity.
Notice accounts  – the equivalent of certificate accounts with an indefinite term. Savers agree to notify the institution a specified time before withdrawal.
Individual retirement accounts (IRAs) and Keogh plans  – a form of retirement savings in which the funds deposited and interest earned are exempt from income tax until after withdrawal.
Checking accounts  – offered by some institutions under definite restrictions.
All withdrawals and deposits are completely the sole decision and responsibility of the account owner unless the parent or guardian is required to do otherwise for legal reasons.
Club accounts and other savings accounts  – designed to help people save regularly to meet certain goals.

type of accounts[edit]




Suburban bank branch


Bank statements are accounting records produced by banks under the various accounting standards of the world. Under GAAP there are two kinds of accounts: debit and credit. Credit accounts are Revenue, Equity and Liabilities. Debit Accounts are Assets and Expenses. The bank credits a credit account to increase its balance, and debits a credit account to decrease its balance.[27]
The customer debits his or her savings/bank (asset) account in his ledger when making a deposit (and the account is normally in debit), while the customer credits a credit card (liability) account in his ledger every time he spends money (and the account is normally in credit). When the customer reads his bank statement, the statement will show a credit to the account for deposits, and debits for withdrawals of funds. The customer with a positive balance will see this balance reflected as a credit balance on the bank statement. If the customer is overdrawn, he will have a negative balance, reflected as a debit balance on the bank statement.
Brokered deposits[edit]
One source of deposits for banks is brokers who deposit large sums of money on behalf of investors through trust corporations. This money will generally go to the banks which offer the most favourable terms, often better than those offered local depositors. It is possible for a bank to engage in business with no local deposits at all, all funds being brokered deposits. Accepting a significant quantity of such deposits, or "hot money" as it is sometimes called, puts a bank in a difficult and sometimes risky position, as the funds must be lent or invested in a way that yields a return sufficient to pay the high interest being paid on the brokered deposits. This may result in risky decisions and even in eventual failure of the bank. Banks which failed during 2008 and 2009 in the United States during the global financial crisis had, on average, four times more brokered deposits as a percent of their deposits than the average bank. Such deposits, combined with risky real estate investments, factored into the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s. Regulation of brokered deposits is opposed by banks on the grounds that the practice can be a source of external funding to growing communities with insufficient local deposits.[28] There are different types of accounts: saving, recurring and current accounts.
Globalization in the banking industry[edit]
In modern time there has been huge reductions to the barriers of global competition in the banking industry. Increases in telecommunications and other financial technologies, such as Bloomberg, have allowed banks to extend their reach all over the world, since they no longer have to be near customers to manage both their finances and their risk. The growth in cross-border activities has also increased the demand for banks that can provide various services across borders to different nationalities. However, despite these reductions in barriers and growth in cross-border activities, the banking industry is nowhere near as globalized as some other industries. In the USA, for instance, very few banks even worry about the Riegle–Neal Act, which promotes more efficient interstate banking. In the vast majority of nations around the globe the market share for foreign owned banks is currently less than a tenth of all market shares for banks in a particular nation. One reason the banking industry has not been fully globalized is that it is more convenient to have local banks provide loans to small business and individuals. On the other hand, for large corporations, it is not as important in what nation the bank is in, since the corporation's financial information is available around the globe.[29]
See also[edit]




Types of institutions:

Bad bank
Bankers' bank
Building society
Cooperative bank
Credit union
Ethical bank
Industrial loan company
Islamic banking
Mortgage bank
Mutual savings bank
Offshore bank
Person-to-person lending
Public bank
Savings and loan association
Savings bank
Sparebank



Terms and concepts:

Bank regulation
Bankers' bonuses
Call report
Cheque
Electronic funds transfer
Factoring (finance)
Finance
Fractional-reserve banking
Full-reserve banking
Hedge fund
IBAN
Internet banking
Investment banking
Mobile banking
Money
Money laundering



Terms and concepts:

Narrow banking
Overdraft
Overdraft protection
Piggy bank
Pigmy Deposit Scheme
Private banking
Stockbroker
Substitute check
SWIFT
Tax haven
Venture capital
Wealth management
Wire transfer



Crime:

Bank fraud
Bank robbery
Cheque fraud
Mortgage fraud

Cyber Crime
Lists:

List of largest banks
List of accounting topics
List of bank mergers in United States
List of banks
List of economics topics
List of finance topics
List of largest U.S. bank failures
List of oldest banks
List of stock exchanges



Banking by country

Banking in Australia
Banking in Austria
Banking in Bangladesh
Banking in Canada
Banking in China
Banking in France
Banking in Germany
Banking in Greece
Banking in Hong Kong
Banking in Iran
Banking in India
Banking in Israel
Banking in Italy
Banking in Pakistan
Banking in Russia
Banking in Singapore
Banking in Switzerland
Banking in Tunisia
Banking in the United Kingdom
Banking in the United States





References[edit]


^ Bank of England. "Rulebook Glossary". 
^ Hoggson, N. F. (1926) Banking Through the Ages, New York, Dodd, Mead & Company.
^ Goldthwaite, R. A. (1995) Banks, Places and Entrepreneurs in Renaissance Florence, Aldershot, Hampshire, Great Britain, Variorum
^ Macesich, George (30 June 2000). "Central Banking: The Early Years: Other Early Banks". Issues in Money and Banking. Westport, Connecticut: Praeger Publishers (Greenwood Publishing Group). p. 42. ISBN 978-0-275-96777-2. doi:10.1336/0275967778. Retrieved 2009-03-12. The first state deposit bank was the Bank of St. George in Genoa, which was established in 1407. 
^ Thus by the 19th century we find “[i]n ordinary cases of deposits of money with banking corporations, or bankers, the transaction amounts to a mere loan or mutuum, and the bank is to restore, not the same money, but an equivalent sum, whenever it is demanded.” Joseph Story, Commentaries on the Law of Bailments (1832, p. 66) and “Money, when paid into a bank, ceases altogether to be the money of the principal (see Parker v. Marchant, 1 Phillips 360); it is then the money of the banker, who is bound to return an equivalent by paying a similar sum to that deposited with him when he is asked for it.” Lord Chancellor Cottenham, Foley v Hill (1848) 2 HLC 28.
^ Richards. The usual denomination was 50 or 100 pounds, so these notes were not an everyday currency for the common people
^ Richards, p. 40
^ "A History of British Banknotes". britishnotes.co.uk. 
^ "A short history of overdrafts". eccount money. Archived from the original on 2013-11-05. 
^ Morton, Julius Sterling (1898). The Conservative. p. 346. 
^ de Albuquerque, Martim (1855). Notes and Queries. London: George Bell. p. 431. 
^ "Etymonline". 
^ United Dominions Trust Ltd v Kirkwood, 1966, English Court of Appeal, 2 QB 431
^ (Banking Ordinance, Section 2, Interpretation, Hong Kong) Note that in this case the definition is extended to include accepting any deposits repayable in less than 3 months, companies that accept deposits of greater than HK$100 000 for periods of greater than 3 months are regulated as deposit taking companies rather than as banks in Hong Kong.
^ e.g. Tyree's Banking Law in New Zealand, A L Tyree, LexisNexis 2003, p. 70.
^ Bank of England statistics and the book "Where does money come from?", p. 47, by the New Economics Foundation.
^ "How Banks Make Money". The Street. Retrieved 2011-09-08. 
^ [1]
^ [2]
^ "Principles for the Management of Credit Risk – consultative document". July 1999. Retrieved 28 January 2016. Credit risk is most simply defined as the potential that a bank borrower or counterparty will fail to meet its obligations in accordance with agreed terms. 
^ Bolt, Wilko; Leo de Haan; Marco Hoeberichts; Maarten van Oordt; Job Swank (2012). "Bank Profitability during Recessions". Journal of Banking & Finance. 36 (9): 2552–64. doi:10.1016/j.jbankfin.2012.05.011. 
^ a b "Banking 2010" (PDF). [permanent dead link] (638 KB) charts 7–8, pages 3–4. TheCityUK.
^ "FDIC: HSOB Commercial Banks". www5.fdic.gov. Retrieved 2016-09-04. 
^ TNAU. "Land Development Bank". TNAU Agritech Portal. Retrieved 8 January 2014. 
^ Scott Besley and Eugene F. Brigham, Principles of Finance, 4th ed. (Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning, 2009), 125. This popular university textbook explains: "Generally speaking, U.S. financial institutions have been much more heavily regulated and faced greater limitations ... than have their foreign counterparts."
^ a b Mishler, Lon; Cole, Robert E. (1995). Consumer and business credit management. Homewood: Irwin. pp. 128–29. ISBN 0-256-13948-2. 
^ Statistics Department (2001). "Source Data for Monetary and Financial Statistics". Monetary and Financial Statistics: Compilation Guide. Washington D.C.: International Monetary Fund. p. 24. ISBN 978-1-58906-584-0. Retrieved 2009-03-14. 
^ "For Banks, Wads of Cash and Loads of Trouble" article by Eric Lipton and Andrew Martin in The New York Times July 3, 2009
^ Allen N Berger; Qinglei Dai; Steven Ongena; David C Smith (31 March 2003). "To what extent will the banking industry be globalized? A study of bank nationality and reach in 20 European nations". Retrieved 28 January 2016. 


External links[edit]

Find more aboutBankat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
Texts from Wikisource



Guardian Datablog – World's Biggest Banks
Banking, Banks, and Credit Unions from UCB Libraries GovPubs
A Guide to the National Banking System (PDF). Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC), Washington, D.C. Provides an overview of the national banking system of the USA, its regulation, and the OCC.




Authority control



GND: 4004436-1
NDL: 00562463










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Bank&oldid=792403414"					
Categories: BanksBankingLegal entitiesItalian inventionsEconomic history of ItalyHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesUse British English Oxford spelling from September 2016Articles needing additional references from May 2016All articles needing additional referencesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2011Articles with unsourced statements from August 2010Articles with limited geographic scope from September 2009Articles needing additional references from September 2008Wikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


Afrikaansአማርኛالعربيةܐܪܡܝܐঅসমীয়াAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaتۆرکجهবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBosanskiCatalàЧӑвашлаČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGàidhligGalegoગુજરાતી客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliKreyòl ayisyenLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीМакедонскиമലയാളംमराठीمصرىBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskNouormandOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀPälzischپښتوPolskiPortuguêsQaraqalpaqshaRomânăRuna SimiРусскийСаха тылаScotsShqipSicilianuසිංහලSimple EnglishسنڌيSlovenčinaSlovenščinaSoomaaligaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்Татарча/tatarçaతెలుగుไทยТоҷикӣLea faka-TongaTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinarayייִדיש粵語ZazakiŽemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 09:21.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Bank - Wikipedia






















 






Bank

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Banker" redirects here. For other uses, see Bank (disambiguation) and Banker (disambiguation).





This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (May 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)





The Bank of England, established in 1694.



Part of a series on financial services


Banking




Types of banks


Advising
Central
Commercial
Community development
Cooperative
Credit union
Custodian
Depository
Direct
Export credit agency
Investment
Industrial
Merchant
Mutual savings
National
Offshore
Postal savings
Private
Public
Retail
Savings
Savings and loan
Universal

Lists of banks






Accounts · Cards



Accounts




Christmas club
Deposit
Money-market
Savings
Time deposit (Bond)

Transaction (checking / current)


Cards




ATM
Credit
Debit











Funds transfer


Electronic

bill payment


Wire
Cheque
SWIFT
Automated Clearing House
Giro








Banking terms





Automatic teller machine
Bank regulation
Loan
Money creation






Anonymous banking
Ethical banking
Fractional reserve banking
Islamic banking
Private banking











Related topics
Financial market (participants)

Corporate finance
Personal finance
Public finance
Financial regulation
List of banks









v
t
e







Finance







Markets





Bond
Commodity
Derivatives
Foreign exchange
Money
Over-the-counter
Private equity
Real estate
Spot
Stock




Participants




Investor

institutional


Retail
Speculator











Instruments



Cash
Credit line
Deposit
Derivative
Futures contract
Loan



Option (call
exotic
put)



Security
Stock

Time deposit
(certificate of deposit)








Corporate





Accounting
Audit
Capital budgeting



Credit rating agency



Risk management
Financial statement



Leveraged buyout
Mergers and acquisitions



Structured finance
Venture capital











Personal


Credit / Debt
Employment contract
Financial planning



Retirement
Student loan











Public



Government spending




Final consumption expenditure



Operations
Redistribution



Transfer payment




Government revenue







Taxation
Deficit spending






Budget (balance)
Debt



Non-tax revenue
Warrant of payment











Banks and banking



Central bank
Deposit account
Fractional-reserve banking
Loan
Money supply



Lists of banks








Regulation · Standards





Bank regulation
Basel Accords
International Financial Reporting Standards
ISO 31000
Professional certification
Fund governance
Accounting scandals











Economic history


Private equity and venture capital
Recession
Stock market bubble
Stock market crash









v
t
e





A bank is a financial institution that accepts deposits from the public and creates credit.[1] Lending activities can be performed either directly or indirectly through capital markets. Due to their importance in the financial stability of a country, banks are highly regulated in most countries. Most nations have institutionalized a system known as fractional reserve banking under which banks hold liquid assets equal to only a portion of their current liabilities. In addition to other regulations intended to ensure liquidity, banks are generally subject to minimum capital requirements based on an international set of capital standards, known as the Basel Accords.
Banking in its modern sense evolved in the 14th century in the prosperous cities of Renaissance Italy but in many ways was a continuation of ideas and concepts of credit and lending that had their roots in the ancient world. In the history of banking, a number of banking dynasties  – notably, the Medicis, the Fuggers, the Welsers, the Berenbergs and the Rothschilds  – have played a central role over many centuries. The oldest existing retail bank is Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena, while the oldest existing merchant bank is Berenberg Bank.



Contents


1 History
2 Etymology
3 Definition

3.1 Standard business
3.2 Range of activities
3.3 Channels
3.4 Business models
3.5 Products

3.5.1 Retail
3.5.2 Business (or commercial/investment) banking




4 Capital and risk
5 Banks in the economy

5.1 Economic functions
5.2 Bank crisis
5.3 Size of global banking industry


6 Regulation
7 Types of banks

7.1 Types of banks
7.2 Types of investment banks
7.3 Both combined
7.4 Other types of banks


8 Challenges within the banking industry

8.1 United States
8.2 Loan activities of banks


9 type of accounts

9.1 Brokered deposits


10 Globalization in the banking industry
11 See also
12 References
13 External links



History[edit]


Personal finance





Credit · Debt




Mortgage
Car loan
Credit card
Unsecured personal loan
Rent-to-own
Student loan
Pawn
Title loan
Payday loan
Refund anticipation loan
Refinancing
Debt consolidation
Bankruptcy




Employment contract




Salary
Wage
Salary packaging
Employee stock option
Employee benefits




Retirement





Pension




Defined benefit
Defined contribution
Social security
Business plan
Corporate action





Personal budget




Financial planner
Financial adviser
Stockbroker
Financial independence
Estate planning




See also




Bank
Cooperative
Credit union







v
t
e





Main article: History of banking




Among many other things, the Code of Hammurabi from 1754 BC recorded interest-bearing loans.


Banking began with the first prototype banks of merchants of the ancient world, which made grain loans to farmers and traders who carried goods between cities. This began around 2000 BC in Assyria and Babylonia. Later, in ancient Greece and during the Roman Empire, lenders based in temples made loans and added two important innovations: they accepted deposits and changed money. Archaeology from this period in ancient China and India also shows evidence of money lending activity.
The origins of modern banking can be traced to medieval and early Renaissance Italy, to the rich cities in the centre and north like Florence, Lucca, Siena, Venice and Genoa. The Bardi and Peruzzi families dominated banking in 14th-century Florence, establishing branches in many other parts of Europe.[2] One of the most famous Italian banks was the Medici Bank, set up by Giovanni di Bicci de' Medici in 1397.[3] The earliest known state deposit bank, Banco di San Giorgio (Bank of St. George), was founded in 1407 at Genoa, Italy.[4]
Modern banking practices, including fractional reserve banking and the issue of banknotes, emerged in the 17th and 18th centuries. Merchants started to store their gold with the goldsmiths of London, who possessed private vaults, and charged a fee for that service. In exchange for each deposit of precious metal, the goldsmiths issued receipts certifying the quantity and purity of the metal they held as a bailee; these receipts could not be assigned, only the original depositor could collect the stored goods.




The sealing of the Bank of England Charter (1694).


Gradually the goldsmiths began to lend the money out on behalf of the depositor, which led to the development of modern banking practices; promissory notes (which evolved into banknotes) were issued for money deposited as a loan to the goldsmith.[5] The goldsmith paid interest on these deposits. Since the promissory notes were payable on demand, and the advances (loans) to the goldsmith's customers were repayable over a longer time period, this was an early form of fractional reserve banking. The promissory notes developed into an assignable instrument which could circulate as a safe and convenient form of money backed by the goldsmith's promise to pay,[6] allowing goldsmiths to advance loans with little risk of default.[7] Thus, the goldsmiths of London became the forerunners of banking by creating new money based on credit.
The Bank of England was the first to begin the permanent issue of banknotes, in 1695.[8] The Royal Bank of Scotland established the first overdraft facility in 1728.[9] By the beginning of the 19th century a bankers' clearing house was established in London to allow multiple banks to clear transactions. The Rothschilds pioneered international finance on a large scale, financing the purchase of the Suez canal for the British government.




A 640 BC one-third stater electrum coin from Lydia, where gold and silver coins were used for the first time


Etymology[edit]
The word bank was borrowed in Middle English from Middle French banque, from Old Italian banca, meaning "table", from Old High German banc, bank "bench, counter". Benches were used as makeshift desks or exchange counters during the Renaissance by Jewish[10] Florentine bankers, who used to make their transactions atop desks covered by green tablecloths.[11][12]
Definition[edit]
The definition of a bank varies from country to country. See the relevant country pages under for more information.
Under English common law, a banker is defined as a person who carries on the business of banking, which is specified as:[13]

conducting current accounts for his customers,
paying cheques drawn on him/her and
collecting cheques for his/her customers.





Banco de Venezuela in Coro.






Branch of Nepal Bank in Pokhara, Western Nepal.


In most common law jurisdictions there is a Bills of Exchange Act that codifies the law in relation to negotiable instruments, including cheques, and this Act contains a statutory definition of the term banker: banker includes a body of persons, whether incorporated or not, who carry on the business of banking' (Section 2, Interpretation). Although this definition seems circular, it is actually functional, because it ensures that the legal basis for bank transactions such as cheques does not depend on how the bank is structured or regulated.
The business of banking is in many English common law countries not defined by statute but by common law, the definition above. In other English common law jurisdictions there are statutory definitions of the business of banking or banking business. When looking at these definitions it is important to keep in mind that they are defining the business of banking for the purposes of the legislation, and not necessarily in general. In particular, most of the definitions are from legislation that has the purpose of regulating and supervising banks rather than regulating the actual business of banking. However, in many cases the statutory definition closely mirrors the common law one. Examples of statutory definitions:

"banking business" means the business of receiving money on current or deposit account, paying and collecting cheques drawn by or paid in by customers, the making of advances to customers, and includes such other business as the Authority may prescribe for the purposes of this Act; (Banking Act (Singapore), Section 2, Interpretation).
"banking business" means the business of either or both of the following:


receiving from the general public money on current, deposit, savings or other similar account repayable on demand or within less than [3 months] ... or with a period of call or notice of less than that period;
paying or collecting cheques drawn by or paid in by customers.[14]

Since the advent of EFTPOS (Electronic Funds Transfer at Point Of Sale), direct credit, direct debit and internet banking, the cheque has lost its primacy in most banking systems as a payment instrument. This has led legal theorists to suggest that the cheque based definition should be broadened to include financial institutions that conduct current accounts for customers and enable customers to pay and be paid by third parties, even if they do not pay and collect cheques .[15]
Standard business[edit]




Large door to an old bank vault.


Banks act as payment agents by conducting checking or current accounts for customers, paying cheques drawn by customers in the bank, and collecting cheques deposited to customers' current accounts. Banks also enable customer payments via other payment methods such as Automated Clearing House (ACH), Wire transfers or telegraphic transfer, EFTPOS, and automated teller machines (ATMs).
Banks borrow money by accepting funds deposited on current accounts, by accepting term deposits, and by issuing debt securities such as banknotes and bonds. Banks lend money by making advances to customers on current accounts, by making installment loans, and by investing in marketable debt securities and other forms of money lending.
Banks provide different payment services, and a bank account is considered indispensable by most businesses and individuals. Non-banks that provide payment services such as remittance companies are normally not considered as an adequate substitute for a bank account.
Banks can create new money when they make a loan. New loans throughout the banking system generate new deposits elsewhere in the system. The money supply is usually increased by the act of lending, and reduced when loans are repaid faster than new ones are generated. In the United Kingdom between 1997 and 2007, there was an increase in the money supply, largely caused by much more bank lending, which served to push up property prices and increase private debt. The amount of money in the economy as measured by M4 in the UK went from £750 billion to £1700 billion between 1997 and 2007, much of the increase caused by bank lending.[16] If all the banks increase their lending together, then they can expect new deposits to return to them and the amount of money in the economy will increase. Excessive or risky lending can cause borrowers to default, the banks then become more cautious, so there is less lending and therefore less money so that the economy can go from boom to bust as happened in the UK and many other Western economies after 2007.
Range of activities[edit]
Activities undertaken by banks include personal banking, corporate banking, investment banking, private banking, transaction banking, insurance, consumer finance, foreign exchange trading, commodity trading, trading in equities, futures and options trading and money market trading.
Channels[edit]
Banks offer many different channels to access their banking and other services:




An American bank in Maryland.



Automated teller machines
A branch in a retail location
Call centre
Mail: most banks accept cheque deposits via mail and use mail to communicate to their customers, e.g. by sending out statements
Mobile banking is a method of using one's mobile phone to conduct banking transactions
Online banking is a term used for performing multiple transactions, payments etc. over the Internet
Relationship managers, mostly for private banking or business banking, often visiting customers at their homes or businesses
Telephone banking is a service which allows its customers to conduct transactions over the telephone with automated attendant, or when requested, with telephone operator
Video banking is a term used for performing banking transactions or professional banking consultations via a remote video and audio connection. Video banking can be performed via purpose built banking transaction machines (similar to an Automated teller machine), or via a video conference enabled bank branch clarification
DSA is a Direct Selling Agent, who works for the bank based on a contract. Its main job is to increase the customer base for the bank.

Business models[edit]
A bank can generate revenue in a variety of different ways including interest, transaction fees and financial advice. Traditionally, the most significant method is via charging interest on the capital it lends out to customers.[citation needed] The bank profits from the difference between the level of interest it pays for deposits and other sources of funds, and the level of interest it charges in its lending activities.
This difference is referred to as the spread between highly the cost of funds and the loan interest rate. Historically, profitability from lending activities has been cyclical and dependent on the needs and strengths of loan customers and the stage of the economic cycle. Fees and financial advice constitute a more stable revenue stream and banks have therefore placed more emphasis on these revenue lines to smooth their financial performance.
In the past 20 years, American banks have taken many measures to ensure that they remain profitable while responding to increasingly changing market conditions.

First, this includes the Gramm–Leach–Bliley Act, which allows banks again to merge with investment and insurance houses. Merging banking, investment, and insurance functions allows traditional banks to respond to increasing consumer demands for "one-stop shopping" by enabling cross-selling of products (which, the banks hope, will also increase profitability).
Second, they have expanded the use of risk-based pricing from business lending to consumer lending, which means charging higher interest rates to those customers that are considered to be a higher credit risk and thus increased chance of default on loans. This helps to offset the losses from bad loans, lowers the price of loans to those who have better credit histories, and offers credit products to high risk customers who would otherwise be denied credit.
Third, they have sought to increase the methods of payment processing available to the general public and business clients. These products include debit cards, prepaid cards, smart cards, and credit cards. They make it easier for consumers to conveniently make transactions and smooth their consumption over time (in some countries with underdeveloped financial systems, it is still common to deal strictly in cash, including carrying suitcases filled with cash to purchase a home).


However, with the convenience of easy credit, there is also increased risk that consumers will mismanage their financial resources and accumulate excessive debt. Banks make money from card products through interest charges and fees charged to cardholders, and transaction fees to retailers who accept the bank's credit and/or debit cards for payments.

This helps in making a profit and facilitates economic development as a whole.[17]
Products[edit]




A former building society, now a modern retail bank in Leeds, West Yorkshire.






An interior of a branch of National Westminster Bank on Castle Street, Liverpool


Retail[edit]

Savings account
Recurring deposit account
Fixed deposit account
Money market account
Certificate of deposit (CD)
Individual retirement account (IRA)
Credit card
Debit card
Mortgage
Mutual fund
Personal loan
Time deposits
ATM card
Current accounts
Cheque books
Automated Teller Machine (ATM)

Business (or commercial/investment) banking[edit]

Business loan
Capital raising (equity / debt / hybrids)
Revolving credit
Risk management (foreign exchange (FX)), interest rates, commodities, derivatives)
Term loan
Cash management services (lock box, remote deposit capture, merchant processing)
Credit services

Capital and risk[edit]
Banks face a number of risks in order to conduct their business, and how well these risks are managed and understood is a key driver behind profitability, and how much capital a bank is required to hold. Bank capital consists principally of equity, retained earnings and subordinated debt.
After the 2007-2009 financial crisis, regulators force banks to issue Contingent convertible bonds (CoCos).These are hybrid capital securities that absorb losses in accordance with their contractual terms when the capital of the issuing bank falls below a certain level. Then debt is reduced and bank capitalization gets a boost. Owing to their capacity to absorb losses, CoCos have the potential to satisfy regulatory capital requirement.[18][19]
Some of the main risks faced by banks include:

Credit risk: risk of loss arising from a borrower who does not make payments as promised.[20]
Liquidity risk: risk that a given security or asset cannot be traded quickly enough in the market to prevent a loss (or make the required profit).
Market risk: risk that the value of a portfolio, either an investment portfolio or a trading portfolio, will decrease due to the change in value of the market risk factors.
Operational risk: risk arising from execution of a company's business functions.
Reputational risk: a type of risk related to the trustworthiness of business.
Macroeconomic risk: risks related to the aggregate economy the bank is operating in.[21]

The capital requirement is a bank regulation, which sets a framework within which a bank or depository institution must manage its balance sheet. The categorization of assets and capital is highly standardized so that it can be risk weighted.
Banks in the economy[edit]




SEB main building in Tallinn, Estonia


See also: Financial system
Economic functions[edit]
The economic functions of banks include:

Issue of money, in the form of banknotes and current accounts subject to cheque or payment at the customer's order. These claims on banks can act as money because they are negotiable or repayable on demand, and hence valued at par. They are effectively transferable by mere delivery, in the case of banknotes, or by drawing a cheque that the payee may bank or cash.
Netting and settlement of payments – banks act as both collection and paying agents for customers, participating in interbank clearing and settlement systems to collect, present, be presented with, and pay payment instruments. This enables banks to economize on reserves held for settlement of payments, since inward and outward payments offset each other. It also enables the offsetting of payment flows between geographical areas, reducing the cost of settlement between them.
Credit intermediation – banks borrow and lend back-to-back on their own account as middle men.
Credit quality improvement – banks lend money to ordinary commercial and personal borrowers (ordinary credit quality), but are high quality borrowers. The improvement comes from diversification of the bank's assets and capital which provides a buffer to absorb losses without defaulting on its obligations. However, banknotes and deposits are generally unsecured; if the bank gets into difficulty and pledges assets as security, to raise the funding it needs to continue to operate, this puts the note holders and depositors in an economically subordinated position.
Asset liability mismatch/Maturity transformation – banks borrow more on demand debt and short term debt, but provide more long term loans. In other words, they borrow short and lend long. With a stronger credit quality than most other borrowers, banks can do this by aggregating issues (e.g. accepting deposits and issuing banknotes) and redemptions (e.g. withdrawals and redemption of banknotes), maintaining reserves of cash, investing in marketable securities that can be readily converted to cash if needed, and raising replacement funding as needed from various sources (e.g. wholesale cash markets and securities markets).
Money creation/destruction – whenever a bank gives out a loan in a fractional-reserve banking system, a new sum of money is created and conversely, whenever the principal on that loan is repaid money is destroyed.

Bank crisis[edit]




OTP Bank in Prešov (Slovakia)


Banks are susceptible to many forms of risk which have triggered occasional systemic crises. These include liquidity risk (where many depositors may request withdrawals in excess of available funds), credit risk (the chance that those who owe money to the bank will not repay it), and interest rate risk (the possibility that the bank will become unprofitable, if rising interest rates force it to pay relatively more on its deposits than it receives on its loans).
Banking crises have developed many times throughout history, when one or more risks have emerged for a banking sector as a whole. Prominent examples include the bank run that occurred during the Great Depression, the U.S. Savings and Loan crisis in the 1980s and early 1990s, the Japanese banking crisis during the 1990s, and the sub-prime mortgage crisis in the 2000s.
Size of global banking industry[edit]
Assets of the largest 1,000 banks in the world grew by 6.8% in the 2008/2009 financial year to a record US$96.4 trillion while profits declined by 85% to US$115 billion. Growth in assets in adverse market conditions was largely a result of recapitalization. EU banks held the largest share of the total, 56% in 2008/2009, down from 61% in the previous year. Asian banks' share increased from 12% to 14% during the year, while the share of US banks increased from 11% to 13%. Fee revenue generated by global investment banking totalled US$66.3 billion in 2009, up 12% on the previous year.[22]
The United States has the most banks in the world in terms of institutions (5,330 as of 2015) and possibly branches (81,607 as of 2015).[23] This is an indicator of the geography and regulatory structure of the USA, resulting in a large number of small to medium-sized institutions in its banking system. As of November 2009, China's top 4 banks have in excess of 67,000 branches (ICBC:18000+, BOC:12000+, CCB:13000+, ABC:24000+) with an additional 140 smaller banks with an undetermined number of branches. Japan had 129 banks and 12,000 branches. In 2004, Germany, France, and Italy each had more than 30,000 branches – more than double the 15,000 branches in the UK.[22]
Regulation[edit]
Main article: Banking regulation
See also: Basel II
Currently commercial banks are regulated in most jurisdictions by government entities and require a special bank license to operate.


Bank regulation and standards




Bank for International Settlements
Basel Accords (Basel I, Basel II, Basel III)
Financial Stability Board




Background




Banking (Regulation)
Monetary policy
Central bank
Risk
Risk management
Regulatory capital
Tier 1
Tier 2




Pillar 1: Regulatory capital




Credit risk
Standardized
IRB Approach
F-IRB
A-IRB
PD
LGD
EAD
Operational risk
Basic
Standardized
AMA
Market risk
Duration
Value at risk




Pillar 2: Supervisory review




Economic capital
Liquidity risk
Legal risk




Pillar 3: Market disclosure




Disclosure




Business and Economics Portal





v
t
e





Usually the definition of the business of banking for the purposes of regulation is extended to include acceptance of deposits, even if they are not repayable to the customer's order – although money lending, by itself, is generally not included in the definition.
Unlike most other regulated industries, the regulator is typically also a participant in the market, being either a publicly or privately governed central bank. Central banks also typically have a monopoly on the business of issuing banknotes. However, in some countries this is not the case. In the UK, for example, the Financial Services Authority licenses banks, and some commercial banks (such as the Bank of Scotland) issue their own banknotes in addition to those issued by the Bank of England, the UK government's central bank.
Banking law is based on a contractual analysis of the relationship between the bank (defined above) and the customer – defined as any entity for which the bank agrees to conduct an account.
The law implies rights and obligations into this relationship as follows:

The bank account balance is the financial position between the bank and the customer: when the account is in credit, the bank owes the balance to the customer; when the account is overdrawn, the customer owes the balance to the bank.
The bank agrees to pay the customer's checks up to the amount standing to the credit of the customer's account, plus any agreed overdraft limit.
The bank may not pay from the customer's account without a mandate from the customer, e.g. a cheque drawn by the customer.
The bank agrees to promptly collect the cheques deposited to the customer's account as the customer's agent, and to credit the proceeds to the customer's account.
The bank has a right to combine the customer's accounts, since each account is just an aspect of the same credit relationship.
The bank has a lien on cheques deposited to the customer's account, to the extent that the customer is indebted to the bank.
The bank must not disclose details of transactions through the customer's account – unless the customer consents, there is a public duty to disclose, the bank's interests require it, or the law demands it.
The bank must not close a customer's account without reasonable notice, since cheques are outstanding in the ordinary course of business for several days.

These implied contractual terms may be modified by express agreement between the customer and the bank. The statutes and regulations in force within a particular jurisdiction may also modify the above terms and/or create new rights, obligations or limitations relevant to the bank-customer relationship.
Some types of financial institution, such as building societies and credit unions, may be partly or wholly exempt from bank license requirements, and therefore regulated under separate rules.
The requirements for the issue of a bank license vary between jurisdictions but typically include:

Minimum capital
Minimum capital ratio
'Fit and Proper' requirements for the bank's controllers, owners, directors, or senior officers
Approval of the bank's business plan as being sufficiently prudent and plausible.

Types of banks[edit]
Banks' activities can be divided into:

retail banking, dealing directly with individuals and small businesses;
business banking, providing services to mid-market business;
corporate banking, directed at large business entities;
private banking, providing wealth management services to high-net-worth individuals and families;
investment banking, relating to activities on the financial markets.

Most banks are profit-making, private enterprises. However, some are owned by government, or are non-profit organizations.
Types of banks[edit]




National Bank of the Republic, Salt Lake City 1908






ATM Al-Rajhi Bank






National Copper Bank, Salt Lake City 1911






A branch of Union Bank in, Visakhapatnam



Commercial banks: the term used for a normal bank to distinguish it from an investment bank. After the Great Depression, the U.S. Congress required that banks only engage in banking activities, whereas investment banks were limited to capital market activities. Since the two no longer have to be under separate ownership, some use the term "commercial bank" to refer to a bank or a division of a bank that mostly deals with deposits and loans from corporations or large businesses.
Community banks: locally operated financial institutions that empower employees to make local decisions to serve their customers and the partners.
Community development banks: regulated banks that provide financial services and credit to under-served markets or populations.
Land development banks: The special banks providing long-term loans are called land development banks (LDB). The history of LDB is quite old. The first LDB was started at Jhang in Punjab in 1920. The main objective of the LDBs are to promote the development of land, agriculture and increase the agricultural production. The LDBs provide long-term finance to members directly through their branches.[24]
Credit unions or co-operative banks: not-for-profit cooperatives owned by the depositors and often offering rates more favourable than for-profit banks. Typically, membership is restricted to employees of a particular company, residents of a defined area, members of a certain union or religious organizations, and their immediate families.
Postal savings banks: savings banks associated with national postal systems.
Private banks: banks that manage the assets of high-net-worth individuals. Historically a minimum of USD 1 million was required to open an account, however, over the last years many private banks have lowered their entry hurdles to USD 350,000 for private investors.[citation needed]
Offshore banks: banks located in jurisdictions with low taxation and regulation. Many offshore banks are essentially private banks.
Savings bank: in Europe, savings banks took their roots in the 19th or sometimes even in the 18th century. Their original objective was to provide easily accessible savings products to all strata of the population. In some countries, savings banks were created on public initiative; in others, socially committed individuals created foundations to put in place the necessary infrastructure. Nowadays, European savings banks have kept their focus on retail banking: payments, savings products, credits and insurances for individuals or small and medium-sized enterprises. Apart from this retail focus, they also differ from commercial banks by their broadly decentralized distribution network, providing local and regional outreach – and by their socially responsible approach to business and society.
Building societies and Landesbanks: institutions that conduct retail banking.
Ethical banks: banks that prioritize the transparency of all operations and make only what they consider to be socially responsible investments.
A direct or internet-only bank is a banking operation without any physical bank branches, conceived and implemented wholly with networked computers.

Types of investment banks[edit]

Investment banks "underwrite" (guarantee the sale of) stock and bond issues, trade for their own accounts, make markets, provide investment management, and advise corporations on capital market activities such as mergers and acquisitions.
Merchant banks were traditionally banks which engaged in trade finance. The modern definition, however, refers to banks which provide capital to firms in the form of shares rather than loans. Unlike venture caps, they tend not to invest in new companies.

Both combined[edit]




A branch of BDO Unibank in SM Aura Premier, BGC



Universal banks, more commonly known as financial services companies, engage in several of these activities. These big banks are very diversified groups that, among other services, also distribute insurance – hence the term bancassurance, a portmanteau word combining "banque or bank" and "assurance", signifying that both banking and insurance are provided by the same corporate entity.

Other types of banks[edit]

Central banks are normally government-owned and charged with quasi-regulatory responsibilities, such as supervising commercial banks, or controlling the cash interest rate. They generally provide liquidity to the banking system and act as the lender of last resort in event of a crisis.
Islamic banks adhere to the concepts of Islamic law. This form of banking revolves around several well-established principles based on Islamic canons. All banking activities must avoid interest, a concept that is forbidden in Islam. Instead, the bank earns profit (markup) and fees on the financing facilities that it extends to customers.

Challenges within the banking industry[edit]





The examples and perspective in this section may not represent a worldwide view of the subject. You may improve this article, discuss the issue on the talk page, or create a new article, as appropriate. (September 2009) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (September 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


United States[edit]
Main article: Banking in the United States




Citibank, The People's Trust Company Building, Brooklyn.


The United States banking industry is one of the most heavily regulated and guarded in the world,[25] with multiple specialized and focused regulators. All banks with FDIC-insured deposits have the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) as a regulator. However, for soundness examinations (i.e., whether a bank is operating in a sound manner), the Federal Reserve is the primary federal regulator for Fed-member state banks; the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) is the primary federal regulator for national banks; and the Office of Thrift Supervision, or OTS, is the primary federal regulator for thrifts. State non-member banks are examined by the state agencies as well as the FDIC. National banks have one primary regulator – the OCC.
Each regulatory agency has their own set of rules and regulations to which banks and thrifts must adhere. The Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (FFIEC) was established in 1979 as a formal inter-agency body empowered to prescribe uniform principles, standards, and report forms for the federal examination of financial institutions. Although the FFIEC has resulted in a greater degree of regulatory consistency between the agencies, the rules and regulations are constantly changing.
In addition to changing regulations, changes in the industry have led to consolidations within the Federal Reserve, FDIC, OTS, and OCC. Offices have been closed, supervisory regions have been merged, staff levels have been reduced and budgets have been cut. The remaining regulators face an increased burden with increased workload and more banks per regulator. While banks struggle to keep up with the changes in the regulatory environment, regulators struggle to manage their workload and effectively regulate their banks. The impact of these changes is that banks are receiving less hands-on assessment by the regulators, less time spent with each institution, and the potential for more problems slipping through the cracks, potentially resulting in an overall increase in bank failures across the United States.
The changing economic environment has a significant impact on banks and thrifts as they struggle to effectively manage their interest rate spread in the face of low rates on loans, rate competition for deposits and the general market changes, industry trends and economic fluctuations. It has been a challenge for banks to effectively set their growth strategies with the recent economic market. A rising interest rate environment may seem to help financial institutions, but the effect of the changes on consumers and businesses is not predictable and the challenge remains for banks to grow and effectively manage the spread to generate a return to their shareholders.
The management of the banks’ asset portfolios also remains a challenge in today’s economic environment. Loans are a bank’s primary asset category and when loan quality becomes suspect, the foundation of a bank is shaken to the core. While always an issue for banks, declining asset quality has become a big problem for financial institutions.




Safra National Bank, New York


There are several reasons for this, one of which is the lax attitude some banks have adopted because of the years of “good times.” The potential for this is exacerbated by the reduction in the regulatory oversight of banks and in some cases depth of management. Problems are more likely to go undetected, resulting in a significant impact on the bank when they are discovered. In addition, banks, like any business, struggle to cut costs and have consequently eliminated certain expenses, such as adequate employee training programs.
Banks also face a host of other challenges such as ageing ownership groups. Across the country, many banks’ management teams and board of directors are ageing. Banks also face ongoing pressure by shareholders, both public and private, to achieve earnings and growth projections. Regulators place added pressure on banks to manage the various categories of risk. Banking is also an extremely competitive industry. Competing in the financial services industry has become tougher with the entrance of such players as insurance agencies, credit unions, cheque cashing services, credit card companies, etc.
As a reaction, banks have developed their activities in financial instruments, through financial market operations such as brokerage and have become big players in such activities.
Loan activities of banks[edit]
To be able to provide home buyers and builders with the funds needed, banks must compete for deposits. The phenomenon of disintermediation had to dollars moving from savings accounts and into direct market instruments such as U.S. Department of Treasury obligations, agency securities, and corporate debt. One of the greatest factors in recent years in the movement of deposits was the tremendous growth of money market funds whose higher interest rates attracted consumer deposits.[26]
To compete for deposits, US savings institutions offer many different types of plans:[26]

Passbook or ordinary deposit accounts  – permit any amount to be added to or withdrawn from the account at any time.
NOW and Super NOW accounts  – function like checking accounts but earn interest. A minimum balance may be required on Super NOW accounts.
Money market accounts  – carry a monthly limit of preauthorized transfers to other accounts or persons and may require a minimum or average balance.
Certificate accounts  – subject to loss of some or all interest on withdrawals before maturity.
Notice accounts  – the equivalent of certificate accounts with an indefinite term. Savers agree to notify the institution a specified time before withdrawal.
Individual retirement accounts (IRAs) and Keogh plans  – a form of retirement savings in which the funds deposited and interest earned are exempt from income tax until after withdrawal.
Checking accounts  – offered by some institutions under definite restrictions.
All withdrawals and deposits are completely the sole decision and responsibility of the account owner unless the parent or guardian is required to do otherwise for legal reasons.
Club accounts and other savings accounts  – designed to help people save regularly to meet certain goals.

type of accounts[edit]




Suburban bank branch


Bank statements are accounting records produced by banks under the various accounting standards of the world. Under GAAP there are two kinds of accounts: debit and credit. Credit accounts are Revenue, Equity and Liabilities. Debit Accounts are Assets and Expenses. The bank credits a credit account to increase its balance, and debits a credit account to decrease its balance.[27]
The customer debits his or her savings/bank (asset) account in his ledger when making a deposit (and the account is normally in debit), while the customer credits a credit card (liability) account in his ledger every time he spends money (and the account is normally in credit). When the customer reads his bank statement, the statement will show a credit to the account for deposits, and debits for withdrawals of funds. The customer with a positive balance will see this balance reflected as a credit balance on the bank statement. If the customer is overdrawn, he will have a negative balance, reflected as a debit balance on the bank statement.
Brokered deposits[edit]
One source of deposits for banks is brokers who deposit large sums of money on behalf of investors through trust corporations. This money will generally go to the banks which offer the most favourable terms, often better than those offered local depositors. It is possible for a bank to engage in business with no local deposits at all, all funds being brokered deposits. Accepting a significant quantity of such deposits, or "hot money" as it is sometimes called, puts a bank in a difficult and sometimes risky position, as the funds must be lent or invested in a way that yields a return sufficient to pay the high interest being paid on the brokered deposits. This may result in risky decisions and even in eventual failure of the bank. Banks which failed during 2008 and 2009 in the United States during the global financial crisis had, on average, four times more brokered deposits as a percent of their deposits than the average bank. Such deposits, combined with risky real estate investments, factored into the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s. Regulation of brokered deposits is opposed by banks on the grounds that the practice can be a source of external funding to growing communities with insufficient local deposits.[28] There are different types of accounts: saving, recurring and current accounts.
Globalization in the banking industry[edit]
In modern time there has been huge reductions to the barriers of global competition in the banking industry. Increases in telecommunications and other financial technologies, such as Bloomberg, have allowed banks to extend their reach all over the world, since they no longer have to be near customers to manage both their finances and their risk. The growth in cross-border activities has also increased the demand for banks that can provide various services across borders to different nationalities. However, despite these reductions in barriers and growth in cross-border activities, the banking industry is nowhere near as globalized as some other industries. In the USA, for instance, very few banks even worry about the Riegle–Neal Act, which promotes more efficient interstate banking. In the vast majority of nations around the globe the market share for foreign owned banks is currently less than a tenth of all market shares for banks in a particular nation. One reason the banking industry has not been fully globalized is that it is more convenient to have local banks provide loans to small business and individuals. On the other hand, for large corporations, it is not as important in what nation the bank is in, since the corporation's financial information is available around the globe.[29]
See also[edit]




Types of institutions:

Bad bank
Bankers' bank
Building society
Cooperative bank
Credit union
Ethical bank
Industrial loan company
Islamic banking
Mortgage bank
Mutual savings bank
Offshore bank
Person-to-person lending
Public bank
Savings and loan association
Savings bank
Sparebank



Terms and concepts:

Bank regulation
Bankers' bonuses
Call report
Cheque
Electronic funds transfer
Factoring (finance)
Finance
Fractional-reserve banking
Full-reserve banking
Hedge fund
IBAN
Internet banking
Investment banking
Mobile banking
Money
Money laundering



Terms and concepts:

Narrow banking
Overdraft
Overdraft protection
Piggy bank
Pigmy Deposit Scheme
Private banking
Stockbroker
Substitute check
SWIFT
Tax haven
Venture capital
Wealth management
Wire transfer



Crime:

Bank fraud
Bank robbery
Cheque fraud
Mortgage fraud

Cyber Crime
Lists:

List of largest banks
List of accounting topics
List of bank mergers in United States
List of banks
List of economics topics
List of finance topics
List of largest U.S. bank failures
List of oldest banks
List of stock exchanges



Banking by country

Banking in Australia
Banking in Austria
Banking in Bangladesh
Banking in Canada
Banking in China
Banking in France
Banking in Germany
Banking in Greece
Banking in Hong Kong
Banking in Iran
Banking in India
Banking in Israel
Banking in Italy
Banking in Pakistan
Banking in Russia
Banking in Singapore
Banking in Switzerland
Banking in Tunisia
Banking in the United Kingdom
Banking in the United States





References[edit]


^ Bank of England. "Rulebook Glossary". 
^ Hoggson, N. F. (1926) Banking Through the Ages, New York, Dodd, Mead & Company.
^ Goldthwaite, R. A. (1995) Banks, Places and Entrepreneurs in Renaissance Florence, Aldershot, Hampshire, Great Britain, Variorum
^ Macesich, George (30 June 2000). "Central Banking: The Early Years: Other Early Banks". Issues in Money and Banking. Westport, Connecticut: Praeger Publishers (Greenwood Publishing Group). p. 42. ISBN 978-0-275-96777-2. doi:10.1336/0275967778. Retrieved 2009-03-12. The first state deposit bank was the Bank of St. George in Genoa, which was established in 1407. 
^ Thus by the 19th century we find “[i]n ordinary cases of deposits of money with banking corporations, or bankers, the transaction amounts to a mere loan or mutuum, and the bank is to restore, not the same money, but an equivalent sum, whenever it is demanded.” Joseph Story, Commentaries on the Law of Bailments (1832, p. 66) and “Money, when paid into a bank, ceases altogether to be the money of the principal (see Parker v. Marchant, 1 Phillips 360); it is then the money of the banker, who is bound to return an equivalent by paying a similar sum to that deposited with him when he is asked for it.” Lord Chancellor Cottenham, Foley v Hill (1848) 2 HLC 28.
^ Richards. The usual denomination was 50 or 100 pounds, so these notes were not an everyday currency for the common people
^ Richards, p. 40
^ "A History of British Banknotes". britishnotes.co.uk. 
^ "A short history of overdrafts". eccount money. Archived from the original on 2013-11-05. 
^ Morton, Julius Sterling (1898). The Conservative. p. 346. 
^ de Albuquerque, Martim (1855). Notes and Queries. London: George Bell. p. 431. 
^ "Etymonline". 
^ United Dominions Trust Ltd v Kirkwood, 1966, English Court of Appeal, 2 QB 431
^ (Banking Ordinance, Section 2, Interpretation, Hong Kong) Note that in this case the definition is extended to include accepting any deposits repayable in less than 3 months, companies that accept deposits of greater than HK$100 000 for periods of greater than 3 months are regulated as deposit taking companies rather than as banks in Hong Kong.
^ e.g. Tyree's Banking Law in New Zealand, A L Tyree, LexisNexis 2003, p. 70.
^ Bank of England statistics and the book "Where does money come from?", p. 47, by the New Economics Foundation.
^ "How Banks Make Money". The Street. Retrieved 2011-09-08. 
^ [1]
^ [2]
^ "Principles for the Management of Credit Risk – consultative document". July 1999. Retrieved 28 January 2016. Credit risk is most simply defined as the potential that a bank borrower or counterparty will fail to meet its obligations in accordance with agreed terms. 
^ Bolt, Wilko; Leo de Haan; Marco Hoeberichts; Maarten van Oordt; Job Swank (2012). "Bank Profitability during Recessions". Journal of Banking & Finance. 36 (9): 2552–64. doi:10.1016/j.jbankfin.2012.05.011. 
^ a b "Banking 2010" (PDF). [permanent dead link] (638 KB) charts 7–8, pages 3–4. TheCityUK.
^ "FDIC: HSOB Commercial Banks". www5.fdic.gov. Retrieved 2016-09-04. 
^ TNAU. "Land Development Bank". TNAU Agritech Portal. Retrieved 8 January 2014. 
^ Scott Besley and Eugene F. Brigham, Principles of Finance, 4th ed. (Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning, 2009), 125. This popular university textbook explains: "Generally speaking, U.S. financial institutions have been much more heavily regulated and faced greater limitations ... than have their foreign counterparts."
^ a b Mishler, Lon; Cole, Robert E. (1995). Consumer and business credit management. Homewood: Irwin. pp. 128–29. ISBN 0-256-13948-2. 
^ Statistics Department (2001). "Source Data for Monetary and Financial Statistics". Monetary and Financial Statistics: Compilation Guide. Washington D.C.: International Monetary Fund. p. 24. ISBN 978-1-58906-584-0. Retrieved 2009-03-14. 
^ "For Banks, Wads of Cash and Loads of Trouble" article by Eric Lipton and Andrew Martin in The New York Times July 3, 2009
^ Allen N Berger; Qinglei Dai; Steven Ongena; David C Smith (31 March 2003). "To what extent will the banking industry be globalized? A study of bank nationality and reach in 20 European nations". Retrieved 28 January 2016. 


External links[edit]

Find more aboutBankat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
Texts from Wikisource



Guardian Datablog – World's Biggest Banks
Banking, Banks, and Credit Unions from UCB Libraries GovPubs
A Guide to the National Banking System (PDF). Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC), Washington, D.C. Provides an overview of the national banking system of the USA, its regulation, and the OCC.




Authority control



GND: 4004436-1
NDL: 00562463










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Bank&oldid=792403414"					
Categories: BanksBankingLegal entitiesItalian inventionsEconomic history of ItalyHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesUse British English Oxford spelling from September 2016Articles needing additional references from May 2016All articles needing additional referencesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2011Articles with unsourced statements from August 2010Articles with limited geographic scope from September 2009Articles needing additional references from September 2008Wikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


Afrikaansአማርኛالعربيةܐܪܡܝܐঅসমীয়াAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaتۆرکجهবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBosanskiCatalàЧӑвашлаČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGàidhligGalegoગુજરાતી客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliKreyòl ayisyenLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीМакедонскиമലയാളംमराठीمصرىBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskNouormandOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀPälzischپښتوPolskiPortuguêsQaraqalpaqshaRomânăRuna SimiРусскийСаха тылаScotsShqipSicilianuසිංහලSimple EnglishسنڌيSlovenčinaSlovenščinaSoomaaligaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்Татарча/tatarçaతెలుగుไทยТоҷикӣLea faka-TongaTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinarayייִדיש粵語ZazakiŽemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 09:21.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Bank - Wikipedia






















 






Bank

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Banker" redirects here. For other uses, see Bank (disambiguation) and Banker (disambiguation).





This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (May 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)





The Bank of England, established in 1694.



Part of a series on financial services


Banking




Types of banks


Advising
Central
Commercial
Community development
Cooperative
Credit union
Custodian
Depository
Direct
Export credit agency
Investment
Industrial
Merchant
Mutual savings
National
Offshore
Postal savings
Private
Public
Retail
Savings
Savings and loan
Universal

Lists of banks






Accounts · Cards



Accounts




Christmas club
Deposit
Money-market
Savings
Time deposit (Bond)

Transaction (checking / current)


Cards




ATM
Credit
Debit











Funds transfer


Electronic

bill payment


Wire
Cheque
SWIFT
Automated Clearing House
Giro








Banking terms





Automatic teller machine
Bank regulation
Loan
Money creation






Anonymous banking
Ethical banking
Fractional reserve banking
Islamic banking
Private banking











Related topics
Financial market (participants)

Corporate finance
Personal finance
Public finance
Financial regulation
List of banks









v
t
e







Finance







Markets





Bond
Commodity
Derivatives
Foreign exchange
Money
Over-the-counter
Private equity
Real estate
Spot
Stock




Participants




Investor

institutional


Retail
Speculator











Instruments



Cash
Credit line
Deposit
Derivative
Futures contract
Loan



Option (call
exotic
put)



Security
Stock

Time deposit
(certificate of deposit)








Corporate





Accounting
Audit
Capital budgeting



Credit rating agency



Risk management
Financial statement



Leveraged buyout
Mergers and acquisitions



Structured finance
Venture capital











Personal


Credit / Debt
Employment contract
Financial planning



Retirement
Student loan











Public



Government spending




Final consumption expenditure



Operations
Redistribution



Transfer payment




Government revenue







Taxation
Deficit spending






Budget (balance)
Debt



Non-tax revenue
Warrant of payment











Banks and banking



Central bank
Deposit account
Fractional-reserve banking
Loan
Money supply



Lists of banks








Regulation · Standards





Bank regulation
Basel Accords
International Financial Reporting Standards
ISO 31000
Professional certification
Fund governance
Accounting scandals











Economic history


Private equity and venture capital
Recession
Stock market bubble
Stock market crash









v
t
e





A bank is a financial institution that accepts deposits from the public and creates credit.[1] Lending activities can be performed either directly or indirectly through capital markets. Due to their importance in the financial stability of a country, banks are highly regulated in most countries. Most nations have institutionalized a system known as fractional reserve banking under which banks hold liquid assets equal to only a portion of their current liabilities. In addition to other regulations intended to ensure liquidity, banks are generally subject to minimum capital requirements based on an international set of capital standards, known as the Basel Accords.
Banking in its modern sense evolved in the 14th century in the prosperous cities of Renaissance Italy but in many ways was a continuation of ideas and concepts of credit and lending that had their roots in the ancient world. In the history of banking, a number of banking dynasties  – notably, the Medicis, the Fuggers, the Welsers, the Berenbergs and the Rothschilds  – have played a central role over many centuries. The oldest existing retail bank is Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena, while the oldest existing merchant bank is Berenberg Bank.



Contents


1 History
2 Etymology
3 Definition

3.1 Standard business
3.2 Range of activities
3.3 Channels
3.4 Business models
3.5 Products

3.5.1 Retail
3.5.2 Business (or commercial/investment) banking




4 Capital and risk
5 Banks in the economy

5.1 Economic functions
5.2 Bank crisis
5.3 Size of global banking industry


6 Regulation
7 Types of banks

7.1 Types of banks
7.2 Types of investment banks
7.3 Both combined
7.4 Other types of banks


8 Challenges within the banking industry

8.1 United States
8.2 Loan activities of banks


9 type of accounts

9.1 Brokered deposits


10 Globalization in the banking industry
11 See also
12 References
13 External links



History[edit]


Personal finance





Credit · Debt




Mortgage
Car loan
Credit card
Unsecured personal loan
Rent-to-own
Student loan
Pawn
Title loan
Payday loan
Refund anticipation loan
Refinancing
Debt consolidation
Bankruptcy




Employment contract




Salary
Wage
Salary packaging
Employee stock option
Employee benefits




Retirement





Pension




Defined benefit
Defined contribution
Social security
Business plan
Corporate action





Personal budget




Financial planner
Financial adviser
Stockbroker
Financial independence
Estate planning




See also




Bank
Cooperative
Credit union







v
t
e





Main article: History of banking




Among many other things, the Code of Hammurabi from 1754 BC recorded interest-bearing loans.


Banking began with the first prototype banks of merchants of the ancient world, which made grain loans to farmers and traders who carried goods between cities. This began around 2000 BC in Assyria and Babylonia. Later, in ancient Greece and during the Roman Empire, lenders based in temples made loans and added two important innovations: they accepted deposits and changed money. Archaeology from this period in ancient China and India also shows evidence of money lending activity.
The origins of modern banking can be traced to medieval and early Renaissance Italy, to the rich cities in the centre and north like Florence, Lucca, Siena, Venice and Genoa. The Bardi and Peruzzi families dominated banking in 14th-century Florence, establishing branches in many other parts of Europe.[2] One of the most famous Italian banks was the Medici Bank, set up by Giovanni di Bicci de' Medici in 1397.[3] The earliest known state deposit bank, Banco di San Giorgio (Bank of St. George), was founded in 1407 at Genoa, Italy.[4]
Modern banking practices, including fractional reserve banking and the issue of banknotes, emerged in the 17th and 18th centuries. Merchants started to store their gold with the goldsmiths of London, who possessed private vaults, and charged a fee for that service. In exchange for each deposit of precious metal, the goldsmiths issued receipts certifying the quantity and purity of the metal they held as a bailee; these receipts could not be assigned, only the original depositor could collect the stored goods.




The sealing of the Bank of England Charter (1694).


Gradually the goldsmiths began to lend the money out on behalf of the depositor, which led to the development of modern banking practices; promissory notes (which evolved into banknotes) were issued for money deposited as a loan to the goldsmith.[5] The goldsmith paid interest on these deposits. Since the promissory notes were payable on demand, and the advances (loans) to the goldsmith's customers were repayable over a longer time period, this was an early form of fractional reserve banking. The promissory notes developed into an assignable instrument which could circulate as a safe and convenient form of money backed by the goldsmith's promise to pay,[6] allowing goldsmiths to advance loans with little risk of default.[7] Thus, the goldsmiths of London became the forerunners of banking by creating new money based on credit.
The Bank of England was the first to begin the permanent issue of banknotes, in 1695.[8] The Royal Bank of Scotland established the first overdraft facility in 1728.[9] By the beginning of the 19th century a bankers' clearing house was established in London to allow multiple banks to clear transactions. The Rothschilds pioneered international finance on a large scale, financing the purchase of the Suez canal for the British government.




A 640 BC one-third stater electrum coin from Lydia, where gold and silver coins were used for the first time


Etymology[edit]
The word bank was borrowed in Middle English from Middle French banque, from Old Italian banca, meaning "table", from Old High German banc, bank "bench, counter". Benches were used as makeshift desks or exchange counters during the Renaissance by Jewish[10] Florentine bankers, who used to make their transactions atop desks covered by green tablecloths.[11][12]
Definition[edit]
The definition of a bank varies from country to country. See the relevant country pages under for more information.
Under English common law, a banker is defined as a person who carries on the business of banking, which is specified as:[13]

conducting current accounts for his customers,
paying cheques drawn on him/her and
collecting cheques for his/her customers.





Banco de Venezuela in Coro.






Branch of Nepal Bank in Pokhara, Western Nepal.


In most common law jurisdictions there is a Bills of Exchange Act that codifies the law in relation to negotiable instruments, including cheques, and this Act contains a statutory definition of the term banker: banker includes a body of persons, whether incorporated or not, who carry on the business of banking' (Section 2, Interpretation). Although this definition seems circular, it is actually functional, because it ensures that the legal basis for bank transactions such as cheques does not depend on how the bank is structured or regulated.
The business of banking is in many English common law countries not defined by statute but by common law, the definition above. In other English common law jurisdictions there are statutory definitions of the business of banking or banking business. When looking at these definitions it is important to keep in mind that they are defining the business of banking for the purposes of the legislation, and not necessarily in general. In particular, most of the definitions are from legislation that has the purpose of regulating and supervising banks rather than regulating the actual business of banking. However, in many cases the statutory definition closely mirrors the common law one. Examples of statutory definitions:

"banking business" means the business of receiving money on current or deposit account, paying and collecting cheques drawn by or paid in by customers, the making of advances to customers, and includes such other business as the Authority may prescribe for the purposes of this Act; (Banking Act (Singapore), Section 2, Interpretation).
"banking business" means the business of either or both of the following:


receiving from the general public money on current, deposit, savings or other similar account repayable on demand or within less than [3 months] ... or with a period of call or notice of less than that period;
paying or collecting cheques drawn by or paid in by customers.[14]

Since the advent of EFTPOS (Electronic Funds Transfer at Point Of Sale), direct credit, direct debit and internet banking, the cheque has lost its primacy in most banking systems as a payment instrument. This has led legal theorists to suggest that the cheque based definition should be broadened to include financial institutions that conduct current accounts for customers and enable customers to pay and be paid by third parties, even if they do not pay and collect cheques .[15]
Standard business[edit]




Large door to an old bank vault.


Banks act as payment agents by conducting checking or current accounts for customers, paying cheques drawn by customers in the bank, and collecting cheques deposited to customers' current accounts. Banks also enable customer payments via other payment methods such as Automated Clearing House (ACH), Wire transfers or telegraphic transfer, EFTPOS, and automated teller machines (ATMs).
Banks borrow money by accepting funds deposited on current accounts, by accepting term deposits, and by issuing debt securities such as banknotes and bonds. Banks lend money by making advances to customers on current accounts, by making installment loans, and by investing in marketable debt securities and other forms of money lending.
Banks provide different payment services, and a bank account is considered indispensable by most businesses and individuals. Non-banks that provide payment services such as remittance companies are normally not considered as an adequate substitute for a bank account.
Banks can create new money when they make a loan. New loans throughout the banking system generate new deposits elsewhere in the system. The money supply is usually increased by the act of lending, and reduced when loans are repaid faster than new ones are generated. In the United Kingdom between 1997 and 2007, there was an increase in the money supply, largely caused by much more bank lending, which served to push up property prices and increase private debt. The amount of money in the economy as measured by M4 in the UK went from £750 billion to £1700 billion between 1997 and 2007, much of the increase caused by bank lending.[16] If all the banks increase their lending together, then they can expect new deposits to return to them and the amount of money in the economy will increase. Excessive or risky lending can cause borrowers to default, the banks then become more cautious, so there is less lending and therefore less money so that the economy can go from boom to bust as happened in the UK and many other Western economies after 2007.
Range of activities[edit]
Activities undertaken by banks include personal banking, corporate banking, investment banking, private banking, transaction banking, insurance, consumer finance, foreign exchange trading, commodity trading, trading in equities, futures and options trading and money market trading.
Channels[edit]
Banks offer many different channels to access their banking and other services:




An American bank in Maryland.



Automated teller machines
A branch in a retail location
Call centre
Mail: most banks accept cheque deposits via mail and use mail to communicate to their customers, e.g. by sending out statements
Mobile banking is a method of using one's mobile phone to conduct banking transactions
Online banking is a term used for performing multiple transactions, payments etc. over the Internet
Relationship managers, mostly for private banking or business banking, often visiting customers at their homes or businesses
Telephone banking is a service which allows its customers to conduct transactions over the telephone with automated attendant, or when requested, with telephone operator
Video banking is a term used for performing banking transactions or professional banking consultations via a remote video and audio connection. Video banking can be performed via purpose built banking transaction machines (similar to an Automated teller machine), or via a video conference enabled bank branch clarification
DSA is a Direct Selling Agent, who works for the bank based on a contract. Its main job is to increase the customer base for the bank.

Business models[edit]
A bank can generate revenue in a variety of different ways including interest, transaction fees and financial advice. Traditionally, the most significant method is via charging interest on the capital it lends out to customers.[citation needed] The bank profits from the difference between the level of interest it pays for deposits and other sources of funds, and the level of interest it charges in its lending activities.
This difference is referred to as the spread between highly the cost of funds and the loan interest rate. Historically, profitability from lending activities has been cyclical and dependent on the needs and strengths of loan customers and the stage of the economic cycle. Fees and financial advice constitute a more stable revenue stream and banks have therefore placed more emphasis on these revenue lines to smooth their financial performance.
In the past 20 years, American banks have taken many measures to ensure that they remain profitable while responding to increasingly changing market conditions.

First, this includes the Gramm–Leach–Bliley Act, which allows banks again to merge with investment and insurance houses. Merging banking, investment, and insurance functions allows traditional banks to respond to increasing consumer demands for "one-stop shopping" by enabling cross-selling of products (which, the banks hope, will also increase profitability).
Second, they have expanded the use of risk-based pricing from business lending to consumer lending, which means charging higher interest rates to those customers that are considered to be a higher credit risk and thus increased chance of default on loans. This helps to offset the losses from bad loans, lowers the price of loans to those who have better credit histories, and offers credit products to high risk customers who would otherwise be denied credit.
Third, they have sought to increase the methods of payment processing available to the general public and business clients. These products include debit cards, prepaid cards, smart cards, and credit cards. They make it easier for consumers to conveniently make transactions and smooth their consumption over time (in some countries with underdeveloped financial systems, it is still common to deal strictly in cash, including carrying suitcases filled with cash to purchase a home).


However, with the convenience of easy credit, there is also increased risk that consumers will mismanage their financial resources and accumulate excessive debt. Banks make money from card products through interest charges and fees charged to cardholders, and transaction fees to retailers who accept the bank's credit and/or debit cards for payments.

This helps in making a profit and facilitates economic development as a whole.[17]
Products[edit]




A former building society, now a modern retail bank in Leeds, West Yorkshire.






An interior of a branch of National Westminster Bank on Castle Street, Liverpool


Retail[edit]

Savings account
Recurring deposit account
Fixed deposit account
Money market account
Certificate of deposit (CD)
Individual retirement account (IRA)
Credit card
Debit card
Mortgage
Mutual fund
Personal loan
Time deposits
ATM card
Current accounts
Cheque books
Automated Teller Machine (ATM)

Business (or commercial/investment) banking[edit]

Business loan
Capital raising (equity / debt / hybrids)
Revolving credit
Risk management (foreign exchange (FX)), interest rates, commodities, derivatives)
Term loan
Cash management services (lock box, remote deposit capture, merchant processing)
Credit services

Capital and risk[edit]
Banks face a number of risks in order to conduct their business, and how well these risks are managed and understood is a key driver behind profitability, and how much capital a bank is required to hold. Bank capital consists principally of equity, retained earnings and subordinated debt.
After the 2007-2009 financial crisis, regulators force banks to issue Contingent convertible bonds (CoCos).These are hybrid capital securities that absorb losses in accordance with their contractual terms when the capital of the issuing bank falls below a certain level. Then debt is reduced and bank capitalization gets a boost. Owing to their capacity to absorb losses, CoCos have the potential to satisfy regulatory capital requirement.[18][19]
Some of the main risks faced by banks include:

Credit risk: risk of loss arising from a borrower who does not make payments as promised.[20]
Liquidity risk: risk that a given security or asset cannot be traded quickly enough in the market to prevent a loss (or make the required profit).
Market risk: risk that the value of a portfolio, either an investment portfolio or a trading portfolio, will decrease due to the change in value of the market risk factors.
Operational risk: risk arising from execution of a company's business functions.
Reputational risk: a type of risk related to the trustworthiness of business.
Macroeconomic risk: risks related to the aggregate economy the bank is operating in.[21]

The capital requirement is a bank regulation, which sets a framework within which a bank or depository institution must manage its balance sheet. The categorization of assets and capital is highly standardized so that it can be risk weighted.
Banks in the economy[edit]




SEB main building in Tallinn, Estonia


See also: Financial system
Economic functions[edit]
The economic functions of banks include:

Issue of money, in the form of banknotes and current accounts subject to cheque or payment at the customer's order. These claims on banks can act as money because they are negotiable or repayable on demand, and hence valued at par. They are effectively transferable by mere delivery, in the case of banknotes, or by drawing a cheque that the payee may bank or cash.
Netting and settlement of payments – banks act as both collection and paying agents for customers, participating in interbank clearing and settlement systems to collect, present, be presented with, and pay payment instruments. This enables banks to economize on reserves held for settlement of payments, since inward and outward payments offset each other. It also enables the offsetting of payment flows between geographical areas, reducing the cost of settlement between them.
Credit intermediation – banks borrow and lend back-to-back on their own account as middle men.
Credit quality improvement – banks lend money to ordinary commercial and personal borrowers (ordinary credit quality), but are high quality borrowers. The improvement comes from diversification of the bank's assets and capital which provides a buffer to absorb losses without defaulting on its obligations. However, banknotes and deposits are generally unsecured; if the bank gets into difficulty and pledges assets as security, to raise the funding it needs to continue to operate, this puts the note holders and depositors in an economically subordinated position.
Asset liability mismatch/Maturity transformation – banks borrow more on demand debt and short term debt, but provide more long term loans. In other words, they borrow short and lend long. With a stronger credit quality than most other borrowers, banks can do this by aggregating issues (e.g. accepting deposits and issuing banknotes) and redemptions (e.g. withdrawals and redemption of banknotes), maintaining reserves of cash, investing in marketable securities that can be readily converted to cash if needed, and raising replacement funding as needed from various sources (e.g. wholesale cash markets and securities markets).
Money creation/destruction – whenever a bank gives out a loan in a fractional-reserve banking system, a new sum of money is created and conversely, whenever the principal on that loan is repaid money is destroyed.

Bank crisis[edit]




OTP Bank in Prešov (Slovakia)


Banks are susceptible to many forms of risk which have triggered occasional systemic crises. These include liquidity risk (where many depositors may request withdrawals in excess of available funds), credit risk (the chance that those who owe money to the bank will not repay it), and interest rate risk (the possibility that the bank will become unprofitable, if rising interest rates force it to pay relatively more on its deposits than it receives on its loans).
Banking crises have developed many times throughout history, when one or more risks have emerged for a banking sector as a whole. Prominent examples include the bank run that occurred during the Great Depression, the U.S. Savings and Loan crisis in the 1980s and early 1990s, the Japanese banking crisis during the 1990s, and the sub-prime mortgage crisis in the 2000s.
Size of global banking industry[edit]
Assets of the largest 1,000 banks in the world grew by 6.8% in the 2008/2009 financial year to a record US$96.4 trillion while profits declined by 85% to US$115 billion. Growth in assets in adverse market conditions was largely a result of recapitalization. EU banks held the largest share of the total, 56% in 2008/2009, down from 61% in the previous year. Asian banks' share increased from 12% to 14% during the year, while the share of US banks increased from 11% to 13%. Fee revenue generated by global investment banking totalled US$66.3 billion in 2009, up 12% on the previous year.[22]
The United States has the most banks in the world in terms of institutions (5,330 as of 2015) and possibly branches (81,607 as of 2015).[23] This is an indicator of the geography and regulatory structure of the USA, resulting in a large number of small to medium-sized institutions in its banking system. As of November 2009, China's top 4 banks have in excess of 67,000 branches (ICBC:18000+, BOC:12000+, CCB:13000+, ABC:24000+) with an additional 140 smaller banks with an undetermined number of branches. Japan had 129 banks and 12,000 branches. In 2004, Germany, France, and Italy each had more than 30,000 branches – more than double the 15,000 branches in the UK.[22]
Regulation[edit]
Main article: Banking regulation
See also: Basel II
Currently commercial banks are regulated in most jurisdictions by government entities and require a special bank license to operate.


Bank regulation and standards




Bank for International Settlements
Basel Accords (Basel I, Basel II, Basel III)
Financial Stability Board




Background




Banking (Regulation)
Monetary policy
Central bank
Risk
Risk management
Regulatory capital
Tier 1
Tier 2




Pillar 1: Regulatory capital




Credit risk
Standardized
IRB Approach
F-IRB
A-IRB
PD
LGD
EAD
Operational risk
Basic
Standardized
AMA
Market risk
Duration
Value at risk




Pillar 2: Supervisory review




Economic capital
Liquidity risk
Legal risk




Pillar 3: Market disclosure




Disclosure




Business and Economics Portal





v
t
e





Usually the definition of the business of banking for the purposes of regulation is extended to include acceptance of deposits, even if they are not repayable to the customer's order – although money lending, by itself, is generally not included in the definition.
Unlike most other regulated industries, the regulator is typically also a participant in the market, being either a publicly or privately governed central bank. Central banks also typically have a monopoly on the business of issuing banknotes. However, in some countries this is not the case. In the UK, for example, the Financial Services Authority licenses banks, and some commercial banks (such as the Bank of Scotland) issue their own banknotes in addition to those issued by the Bank of England, the UK government's central bank.
Banking law is based on a contractual analysis of the relationship between the bank (defined above) and the customer – defined as any entity for which the bank agrees to conduct an account.
The law implies rights and obligations into this relationship as follows:

The bank account balance is the financial position between the bank and the customer: when the account is in credit, the bank owes the balance to the customer; when the account is overdrawn, the customer owes the balance to the bank.
The bank agrees to pay the customer's checks up to the amount standing to the credit of the customer's account, plus any agreed overdraft limit.
The bank may not pay from the customer's account without a mandate from the customer, e.g. a cheque drawn by the customer.
The bank agrees to promptly collect the cheques deposited to the customer's account as the customer's agent, and to credit the proceeds to the customer's account.
The bank has a right to combine the customer's accounts, since each account is just an aspect of the same credit relationship.
The bank has a lien on cheques deposited to the customer's account, to the extent that the customer is indebted to the bank.
The bank must not disclose details of transactions through the customer's account – unless the customer consents, there is a public duty to disclose, the bank's interests require it, or the law demands it.
The bank must not close a customer's account without reasonable notice, since cheques are outstanding in the ordinary course of business for several days.

These implied contractual terms may be modified by express agreement between the customer and the bank. The statutes and regulations in force within a particular jurisdiction may also modify the above terms and/or create new rights, obligations or limitations relevant to the bank-customer relationship.
Some types of financial institution, such as building societies and credit unions, may be partly or wholly exempt from bank license requirements, and therefore regulated under separate rules.
The requirements for the issue of a bank license vary between jurisdictions but typically include:

Minimum capital
Minimum capital ratio
'Fit and Proper' requirements for the bank's controllers, owners, directors, or senior officers
Approval of the bank's business plan as being sufficiently prudent and plausible.

Types of banks[edit]
Banks' activities can be divided into:

retail banking, dealing directly with individuals and small businesses;
business banking, providing services to mid-market business;
corporate banking, directed at large business entities;
private banking, providing wealth management services to high-net-worth individuals and families;
investment banking, relating to activities on the financial markets.

Most banks are profit-making, private enterprises. However, some are owned by government, or are non-profit organizations.
Types of banks[edit]




National Bank of the Republic, Salt Lake City 1908






ATM Al-Rajhi Bank






National Copper Bank, Salt Lake City 1911






A branch of Union Bank in, Visakhapatnam



Commercial banks: the term used for a normal bank to distinguish it from an investment bank. After the Great Depression, the U.S. Congress required that banks only engage in banking activities, whereas investment banks were limited to capital market activities. Since the two no longer have to be under separate ownership, some use the term "commercial bank" to refer to a bank or a division of a bank that mostly deals with deposits and loans from corporations or large businesses.
Community banks: locally operated financial institutions that empower employees to make local decisions to serve their customers and the partners.
Community development banks: regulated banks that provide financial services and credit to under-served markets or populations.
Land development banks: The special banks providing long-term loans are called land development banks (LDB). The history of LDB is quite old. The first LDB was started at Jhang in Punjab in 1920. The main objective of the LDBs are to promote the development of land, agriculture and increase the agricultural production. The LDBs provide long-term finance to members directly through their branches.[24]
Credit unions or co-operative banks: not-for-profit cooperatives owned by the depositors and often offering rates more favourable than for-profit banks. Typically, membership is restricted to employees of a particular company, residents of a defined area, members of a certain union or religious organizations, and their immediate families.
Postal savings banks: savings banks associated with national postal systems.
Private banks: banks that manage the assets of high-net-worth individuals. Historically a minimum of USD 1 million was required to open an account, however, over the last years many private banks have lowered their entry hurdles to USD 350,000 for private investors.[citation needed]
Offshore banks: banks located in jurisdictions with low taxation and regulation. Many offshore banks are essentially private banks.
Savings bank: in Europe, savings banks took their roots in the 19th or sometimes even in the 18th century. Their original objective was to provide easily accessible savings products to all strata of the population. In some countries, savings banks were created on public initiative; in others, socially committed individuals created foundations to put in place the necessary infrastructure. Nowadays, European savings banks have kept their focus on retail banking: payments, savings products, credits and insurances for individuals or small and medium-sized enterprises. Apart from this retail focus, they also differ from commercial banks by their broadly decentralized distribution network, providing local and regional outreach – and by their socially responsible approach to business and society.
Building societies and Landesbanks: institutions that conduct retail banking.
Ethical banks: banks that prioritize the transparency of all operations and make only what they consider to be socially responsible investments.
A direct or internet-only bank is a banking operation without any physical bank branches, conceived and implemented wholly with networked computers.

Types of investment banks[edit]

Investment banks "underwrite" (guarantee the sale of) stock and bond issues, trade for their own accounts, make markets, provide investment management, and advise corporations on capital market activities such as mergers and acquisitions.
Merchant banks were traditionally banks which engaged in trade finance. The modern definition, however, refers to banks which provide capital to firms in the form of shares rather than loans. Unlike venture caps, they tend not to invest in new companies.

Both combined[edit]




A branch of BDO Unibank in SM Aura Premier, BGC



Universal banks, more commonly known as financial services companies, engage in several of these activities. These big banks are very diversified groups that, among other services, also distribute insurance – hence the term bancassurance, a portmanteau word combining "banque or bank" and "assurance", signifying that both banking and insurance are provided by the same corporate entity.

Other types of banks[edit]

Central banks are normally government-owned and charged with quasi-regulatory responsibilities, such as supervising commercial banks, or controlling the cash interest rate. They generally provide liquidity to the banking system and act as the lender of last resort in event of a crisis.
Islamic banks adhere to the concepts of Islamic law. This form of banking revolves around several well-established principles based on Islamic canons. All banking activities must avoid interest, a concept that is forbidden in Islam. Instead, the bank earns profit (markup) and fees on the financing facilities that it extends to customers.

Challenges within the banking industry[edit]





The examples and perspective in this section may not represent a worldwide view of the subject. You may improve this article, discuss the issue on the talk page, or create a new article, as appropriate. (September 2009) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (September 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


United States[edit]
Main article: Banking in the United States




Citibank, The People's Trust Company Building, Brooklyn.


The United States banking industry is one of the most heavily regulated and guarded in the world,[25] with multiple specialized and focused regulators. All banks with FDIC-insured deposits have the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) as a regulator. However, for soundness examinations (i.e., whether a bank is operating in a sound manner), the Federal Reserve is the primary federal regulator for Fed-member state banks; the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) is the primary federal regulator for national banks; and the Office of Thrift Supervision, or OTS, is the primary federal regulator for thrifts. State non-member banks are examined by the state agencies as well as the FDIC. National banks have one primary regulator – the OCC.
Each regulatory agency has their own set of rules and regulations to which banks and thrifts must adhere. The Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (FFIEC) was established in 1979 as a formal inter-agency body empowered to prescribe uniform principles, standards, and report forms for the federal examination of financial institutions. Although the FFIEC has resulted in a greater degree of regulatory consistency between the agencies, the rules and regulations are constantly changing.
In addition to changing regulations, changes in the industry have led to consolidations within the Federal Reserve, FDIC, OTS, and OCC. Offices have been closed, supervisory regions have been merged, staff levels have been reduced and budgets have been cut. The remaining regulators face an increased burden with increased workload and more banks per regulator. While banks struggle to keep up with the changes in the regulatory environment, regulators struggle to manage their workload and effectively regulate their banks. The impact of these changes is that banks are receiving less hands-on assessment by the regulators, less time spent with each institution, and the potential for more problems slipping through the cracks, potentially resulting in an overall increase in bank failures across the United States.
The changing economic environment has a significant impact on banks and thrifts as they struggle to effectively manage their interest rate spread in the face of low rates on loans, rate competition for deposits and the general market changes, industry trends and economic fluctuations. It has been a challenge for banks to effectively set their growth strategies with the recent economic market. A rising interest rate environment may seem to help financial institutions, but the effect of the changes on consumers and businesses is not predictable and the challenge remains for banks to grow and effectively manage the spread to generate a return to their shareholders.
The management of the banks’ asset portfolios also remains a challenge in today’s economic environment. Loans are a bank’s primary asset category and when loan quality becomes suspect, the foundation of a bank is shaken to the core. While always an issue for banks, declining asset quality has become a big problem for financial institutions.




Safra National Bank, New York


There are several reasons for this, one of which is the lax attitude some banks have adopted because of the years of “good times.” The potential for this is exacerbated by the reduction in the regulatory oversight of banks and in some cases depth of management. Problems are more likely to go undetected, resulting in a significant impact on the bank when they are discovered. In addition, banks, like any business, struggle to cut costs and have consequently eliminated certain expenses, such as adequate employee training programs.
Banks also face a host of other challenges such as ageing ownership groups. Across the country, many banks’ management teams and board of directors are ageing. Banks also face ongoing pressure by shareholders, both public and private, to achieve earnings and growth projections. Regulators place added pressure on banks to manage the various categories of risk. Banking is also an extremely competitive industry. Competing in the financial services industry has become tougher with the entrance of such players as insurance agencies, credit unions, cheque cashing services, credit card companies, etc.
As a reaction, banks have developed their activities in financial instruments, through financial market operations such as brokerage and have become big players in such activities.
Loan activities of banks[edit]
To be able to provide home buyers and builders with the funds needed, banks must compete for deposits. The phenomenon of disintermediation had to dollars moving from savings accounts and into direct market instruments such as U.S. Department of Treasury obligations, agency securities, and corporate debt. One of the greatest factors in recent years in the movement of deposits was the tremendous growth of money market funds whose higher interest rates attracted consumer deposits.[26]
To compete for deposits, US savings institutions offer many different types of plans:[26]

Passbook or ordinary deposit accounts  – permit any amount to be added to or withdrawn from the account at any time.
NOW and Super NOW accounts  – function like checking accounts but earn interest. A minimum balance may be required on Super NOW accounts.
Money market accounts  – carry a monthly limit of preauthorized transfers to other accounts or persons and may require a minimum or average balance.
Certificate accounts  – subject to loss of some or all interest on withdrawals before maturity.
Notice accounts  – the equivalent of certificate accounts with an indefinite term. Savers agree to notify the institution a specified time before withdrawal.
Individual retirement accounts (IRAs) and Keogh plans  – a form of retirement savings in which the funds deposited and interest earned are exempt from income tax until after withdrawal.
Checking accounts  – offered by some institutions under definite restrictions.
All withdrawals and deposits are completely the sole decision and responsibility of the account owner unless the parent or guardian is required to do otherwise for legal reasons.
Club accounts and other savings accounts  – designed to help people save regularly to meet certain goals.

type of accounts[edit]




Suburban bank branch


Bank statements are accounting records produced by banks under the various accounting standards of the world. Under GAAP there are two kinds of accounts: debit and credit. Credit accounts are Revenue, Equity and Liabilities. Debit Accounts are Assets and Expenses. The bank credits a credit account to increase its balance, and debits a credit account to decrease its balance.[27]
The customer debits his or her savings/bank (asset) account in his ledger when making a deposit (and the account is normally in debit), while the customer credits a credit card (liability) account in his ledger every time he spends money (and the account is normally in credit). When the customer reads his bank statement, the statement will show a credit to the account for deposits, and debits for withdrawals of funds. The customer with a positive balance will see this balance reflected as a credit balance on the bank statement. If the customer is overdrawn, he will have a negative balance, reflected as a debit balance on the bank statement.
Brokered deposits[edit]
One source of deposits for banks is brokers who deposit large sums of money on behalf of investors through trust corporations. This money will generally go to the banks which offer the most favourable terms, often better than those offered local depositors. It is possible for a bank to engage in business with no local deposits at all, all funds being brokered deposits. Accepting a significant quantity of such deposits, or "hot money" as it is sometimes called, puts a bank in a difficult and sometimes risky position, as the funds must be lent or invested in a way that yields a return sufficient to pay the high interest being paid on the brokered deposits. This may result in risky decisions and even in eventual failure of the bank. Banks which failed during 2008 and 2009 in the United States during the global financial crisis had, on average, four times more brokered deposits as a percent of their deposits than the average bank. Such deposits, combined with risky real estate investments, factored into the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s. Regulation of brokered deposits is opposed by banks on the grounds that the practice can be a source of external funding to growing communities with insufficient local deposits.[28] There are different types of accounts: saving, recurring and current accounts.
Globalization in the banking industry[edit]
In modern time there has been huge reductions to the barriers of global competition in the banking industry. Increases in telecommunications and other financial technologies, such as Bloomberg, have allowed banks to extend their reach all over the world, since they no longer have to be near customers to manage both their finances and their risk. The growth in cross-border activities has also increased the demand for banks that can provide various services across borders to different nationalities. However, despite these reductions in barriers and growth in cross-border activities, the banking industry is nowhere near as globalized as some other industries. In the USA, for instance, very few banks even worry about the Riegle–Neal Act, which promotes more efficient interstate banking. In the vast majority of nations around the globe the market share for foreign owned banks is currently less than a tenth of all market shares for banks in a particular nation. One reason the banking industry has not been fully globalized is that it is more convenient to have local banks provide loans to small business and individuals. On the other hand, for large corporations, it is not as important in what nation the bank is in, since the corporation's financial information is available around the globe.[29]
See also[edit]




Types of institutions:

Bad bank
Bankers' bank
Building society
Cooperative bank
Credit union
Ethical bank
Industrial loan company
Islamic banking
Mortgage bank
Mutual savings bank
Offshore bank
Person-to-person lending
Public bank
Savings and loan association
Savings bank
Sparebank



Terms and concepts:

Bank regulation
Bankers' bonuses
Call report
Cheque
Electronic funds transfer
Factoring (finance)
Finance
Fractional-reserve banking
Full-reserve banking
Hedge fund
IBAN
Internet banking
Investment banking
Mobile banking
Money
Money laundering



Terms and concepts:

Narrow banking
Overdraft
Overdraft protection
Piggy bank
Pigmy Deposit Scheme
Private banking
Stockbroker
Substitute check
SWIFT
Tax haven
Venture capital
Wealth management
Wire transfer



Crime:

Bank fraud
Bank robbery
Cheque fraud
Mortgage fraud

Cyber Crime
Lists:

List of largest banks
List of accounting topics
List of bank mergers in United States
List of banks
List of economics topics
List of finance topics
List of largest U.S. bank failures
List of oldest banks
List of stock exchanges



Banking by country

Banking in Australia
Banking in Austria
Banking in Bangladesh
Banking in Canada
Banking in China
Banking in France
Banking in Germany
Banking in Greece
Banking in Hong Kong
Banking in Iran
Banking in India
Banking in Israel
Banking in Italy
Banking in Pakistan
Banking in Russia
Banking in Singapore
Banking in Switzerland
Banking in Tunisia
Banking in the United Kingdom
Banking in the United States





References[edit]


^ Bank of England. "Rulebook Glossary". 
^ Hoggson, N. F. (1926) Banking Through the Ages, New York, Dodd, Mead & Company.
^ Goldthwaite, R. A. (1995) Banks, Places and Entrepreneurs in Renaissance Florence, Aldershot, Hampshire, Great Britain, Variorum
^ Macesich, George (30 June 2000). "Central Banking: The Early Years: Other Early Banks". Issues in Money and Banking. Westport, Connecticut: Praeger Publishers (Greenwood Publishing Group). p. 42. ISBN 978-0-275-96777-2. doi:10.1336/0275967778. Retrieved 2009-03-12. The first state deposit bank was the Bank of St. George in Genoa, which was established in 1407. 
^ Thus by the 19th century we find “[i]n ordinary cases of deposits of money with banking corporations, or bankers, the transaction amounts to a mere loan or mutuum, and the bank is to restore, not the same money, but an equivalent sum, whenever it is demanded.” Joseph Story, Commentaries on the Law of Bailments (1832, p. 66) and “Money, when paid into a bank, ceases altogether to be the money of the principal (see Parker v. Marchant, 1 Phillips 360); it is then the money of the banker, who is bound to return an equivalent by paying a similar sum to that deposited with him when he is asked for it.” Lord Chancellor Cottenham, Foley v Hill (1848) 2 HLC 28.
^ Richards. The usual denomination was 50 or 100 pounds, so these notes were not an everyday currency for the common people
^ Richards, p. 40
^ "A History of British Banknotes". britishnotes.co.uk. 
^ "A short history of overdrafts". eccount money. Archived from the original on 2013-11-05. 
^ Morton, Julius Sterling (1898). The Conservative. p. 346. 
^ de Albuquerque, Martim (1855). Notes and Queries. London: George Bell. p. 431. 
^ "Etymonline". 
^ United Dominions Trust Ltd v Kirkwood, 1966, English Court of Appeal, 2 QB 431
^ (Banking Ordinance, Section 2, Interpretation, Hong Kong) Note that in this case the definition is extended to include accepting any deposits repayable in less than 3 months, companies that accept deposits of greater than HK$100 000 for periods of greater than 3 months are regulated as deposit taking companies rather than as banks in Hong Kong.
^ e.g. Tyree's Banking Law in New Zealand, A L Tyree, LexisNexis 2003, p. 70.
^ Bank of England statistics and the book "Where does money come from?", p. 47, by the New Economics Foundation.
^ "How Banks Make Money". The Street. Retrieved 2011-09-08. 
^ [1]
^ [2]
^ "Principles for the Management of Credit Risk – consultative document". July 1999. Retrieved 28 January 2016. Credit risk is most simply defined as the potential that a bank borrower or counterparty will fail to meet its obligations in accordance with agreed terms. 
^ Bolt, Wilko; Leo de Haan; Marco Hoeberichts; Maarten van Oordt; Job Swank (2012). "Bank Profitability during Recessions". Journal of Banking & Finance. 36 (9): 2552–64. doi:10.1016/j.jbankfin.2012.05.011. 
^ a b "Banking 2010" (PDF). [permanent dead link] (638 KB) charts 7–8, pages 3–4. TheCityUK.
^ "FDIC: HSOB Commercial Banks". www5.fdic.gov. Retrieved 2016-09-04. 
^ TNAU. "Land Development Bank". TNAU Agritech Portal. Retrieved 8 January 2014. 
^ Scott Besley and Eugene F. Brigham, Principles of Finance, 4th ed. (Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning, 2009), 125. This popular university textbook explains: "Generally speaking, U.S. financial institutions have been much more heavily regulated and faced greater limitations ... than have their foreign counterparts."
^ a b Mishler, Lon; Cole, Robert E. (1995). Consumer and business credit management. Homewood: Irwin. pp. 128–29. ISBN 0-256-13948-2. 
^ Statistics Department (2001). "Source Data for Monetary and Financial Statistics". Monetary and Financial Statistics: Compilation Guide. Washington D.C.: International Monetary Fund. p. 24. ISBN 978-1-58906-584-0. Retrieved 2009-03-14. 
^ "For Banks, Wads of Cash and Loads of Trouble" article by Eric Lipton and Andrew Martin in The New York Times July 3, 2009
^ Allen N Berger; Qinglei Dai; Steven Ongena; David C Smith (31 March 2003). "To what extent will the banking industry be globalized? A study of bank nationality and reach in 20 European nations". Retrieved 28 January 2016. 


External links[edit]

Find more aboutBankat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
Texts from Wikisource



Guardian Datablog – World's Biggest Banks
Banking, Banks, and Credit Unions from UCB Libraries GovPubs
A Guide to the National Banking System (PDF). Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC), Washington, D.C. Provides an overview of the national banking system of the USA, its regulation, and the OCC.




Authority control



GND: 4004436-1
NDL: 00562463










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Bank&oldid=792403414"					
Categories: BanksBankingLegal entitiesItalian inventionsEconomic history of ItalyHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesUse British English Oxford spelling from September 2016Articles needing additional references from May 2016All articles needing additional referencesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2011Articles with unsourced statements from August 2010Articles with limited geographic scope from September 2009Articles needing additional references from September 2008Wikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


Afrikaansአማርኛالعربيةܐܪܡܝܐঅসমীয়াAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaتۆرکجهবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBosanskiCatalàЧӑвашлаČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGàidhligGalegoગુજરાતી客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliKreyòl ayisyenLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीМакедонскиമലയാളംमराठीمصرىBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskNouormandOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀPälzischپښتوPolskiPortuguêsQaraqalpaqshaRomânăRuna SimiРусскийСаха тылаScotsShqipSicilianuසිංහලSimple EnglishسنڌيSlovenčinaSlovenščinaSoomaaligaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்Татарча/tatarçaతెలుగుไทยТоҷикӣLea faka-TongaTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinarayייִדיש粵語ZazakiŽemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 09:21.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Bank - Wikipedia






















 






Bank

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Banker" redirects here. For other uses, see Bank (disambiguation) and Banker (disambiguation).





This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (May 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)





The Bank of England, established in 1694.



Part of a series on financial services


Banking




Types of banks


Advising
Central
Commercial
Community development
Cooperative
Credit union
Custodian
Depository
Direct
Export credit agency
Investment
Industrial
Merchant
Mutual savings
National
Offshore
Postal savings
Private
Public
Retail
Savings
Savings and loan
Universal

Lists of banks






Accounts · Cards



Accounts




Christmas club
Deposit
Money-market
Savings
Time deposit (Bond)

Transaction (checking / current)


Cards




ATM
Credit
Debit











Funds transfer


Electronic

bill payment


Wire
Cheque
SWIFT
Automated Clearing House
Giro








Banking terms





Automatic teller machine
Bank regulation
Loan
Money creation






Anonymous banking
Ethical banking
Fractional reserve banking
Islamic banking
Private banking











Related topics
Financial market (participants)

Corporate finance
Personal finance
Public finance
Financial regulation
List of banks









v
t
e







Finance







Markets





Bond
Commodity
Derivatives
Foreign exchange
Money
Over-the-counter
Private equity
Real estate
Spot
Stock




Participants




Investor

institutional


Retail
Speculator











Instruments



Cash
Credit line
Deposit
Derivative
Futures contract
Loan



Option (call
exotic
put)



Security
Stock

Time deposit
(certificate of deposit)








Corporate





Accounting
Audit
Capital budgeting



Credit rating agency



Risk management
Financial statement



Leveraged buyout
Mergers and acquisitions



Structured finance
Venture capital











Personal


Credit / Debt
Employment contract
Financial planning



Retirement
Student loan











Public



Government spending




Final consumption expenditure



Operations
Redistribution



Transfer payment




Government revenue







Taxation
Deficit spending






Budget (balance)
Debt



Non-tax revenue
Warrant of payment











Banks and banking



Central bank
Deposit account
Fractional-reserve banking
Loan
Money supply



Lists of banks








Regulation · Standards





Bank regulation
Basel Accords
International Financial Reporting Standards
ISO 31000
Professional certification
Fund governance
Accounting scandals











Economic history


Private equity and venture capital
Recession
Stock market bubble
Stock market crash









v
t
e





A bank is a financial institution that accepts deposits from the public and creates credit.[1] Lending activities can be performed either directly or indirectly through capital markets. Due to their importance in the financial stability of a country, banks are highly regulated in most countries. Most nations have institutionalized a system known as fractional reserve banking under which banks hold liquid assets equal to only a portion of their current liabilities. In addition to other regulations intended to ensure liquidity, banks are generally subject to minimum capital requirements based on an international set of capital standards, known as the Basel Accords.
Banking in its modern sense evolved in the 14th century in the prosperous cities of Renaissance Italy but in many ways was a continuation of ideas and concepts of credit and lending that had their roots in the ancient world. In the history of banking, a number of banking dynasties  – notably, the Medicis, the Fuggers, the Welsers, the Berenbergs and the Rothschilds  – have played a central role over many centuries. The oldest existing retail bank is Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena, while the oldest existing merchant bank is Berenberg Bank.



Contents


1 History
2 Etymology
3 Definition

3.1 Standard business
3.2 Range of activities
3.3 Channels
3.4 Business models
3.5 Products

3.5.1 Retail
3.5.2 Business (or commercial/investment) banking




4 Capital and risk
5 Banks in the economy

5.1 Economic functions
5.2 Bank crisis
5.3 Size of global banking industry


6 Regulation
7 Types of banks

7.1 Types of banks
7.2 Types of investment banks
7.3 Both combined
7.4 Other types of banks


8 Challenges within the banking industry

8.1 United States
8.2 Loan activities of banks


9 type of accounts

9.1 Brokered deposits


10 Globalization in the banking industry
11 See also
12 References
13 External links



History[edit]


Personal finance





Credit · Debt




Mortgage
Car loan
Credit card
Unsecured personal loan
Rent-to-own
Student loan
Pawn
Title loan
Payday loan
Refund anticipation loan
Refinancing
Debt consolidation
Bankruptcy




Employment contract




Salary
Wage
Salary packaging
Employee stock option
Employee benefits




Retirement





Pension




Defined benefit
Defined contribution
Social security
Business plan
Corporate action





Personal budget




Financial planner
Financial adviser
Stockbroker
Financial independence
Estate planning




See also




Bank
Cooperative
Credit union







v
t
e





Main article: History of banking




Among many other things, the Code of Hammurabi from 1754 BC recorded interest-bearing loans.


Banking began with the first prototype banks of merchants of the ancient world, which made grain loans to farmers and traders who carried goods between cities. This began around 2000 BC in Assyria and Babylonia. Later, in ancient Greece and during the Roman Empire, lenders based in temples made loans and added two important innovations: they accepted deposits and changed money. Archaeology from this period in ancient China and India also shows evidence of money lending activity.
The origins of modern banking can be traced to medieval and early Renaissance Italy, to the rich cities in the centre and north like Florence, Lucca, Siena, Venice and Genoa. The Bardi and Peruzzi families dominated banking in 14th-century Florence, establishing branches in many other parts of Europe.[2] One of the most famous Italian banks was the Medici Bank, set up by Giovanni di Bicci de' Medici in 1397.[3] The earliest known state deposit bank, Banco di San Giorgio (Bank of St. George), was founded in 1407 at Genoa, Italy.[4]
Modern banking practices, including fractional reserve banking and the issue of banknotes, emerged in the 17th and 18th centuries. Merchants started to store their gold with the goldsmiths of London, who possessed private vaults, and charged a fee for that service. In exchange for each deposit of precious metal, the goldsmiths issued receipts certifying the quantity and purity of the metal they held as a bailee; these receipts could not be assigned, only the original depositor could collect the stored goods.




The sealing of the Bank of England Charter (1694).


Gradually the goldsmiths began to lend the money out on behalf of the depositor, which led to the development of modern banking practices; promissory notes (which evolved into banknotes) were issued for money deposited as a loan to the goldsmith.[5] The goldsmith paid interest on these deposits. Since the promissory notes were payable on demand, and the advances (loans) to the goldsmith's customers were repayable over a longer time period, this was an early form of fractional reserve banking. The promissory notes developed into an assignable instrument which could circulate as a safe and convenient form of money backed by the goldsmith's promise to pay,[6] allowing goldsmiths to advance loans with little risk of default.[7] Thus, the goldsmiths of London became the forerunners of banking by creating new money based on credit.
The Bank of England was the first to begin the permanent issue of banknotes, in 1695.[8] The Royal Bank of Scotland established the first overdraft facility in 1728.[9] By the beginning of the 19th century a bankers' clearing house was established in London to allow multiple banks to clear transactions. The Rothschilds pioneered international finance on a large scale, financing the purchase of the Suez canal for the British government.




A 640 BC one-third stater electrum coin from Lydia, where gold and silver coins were used for the first time


Etymology[edit]
The word bank was borrowed in Middle English from Middle French banque, from Old Italian banca, meaning "table", from Old High German banc, bank "bench, counter". Benches were used as makeshift desks or exchange counters during the Renaissance by Jewish[10] Florentine bankers, who used to make their transactions atop desks covered by green tablecloths.[11][12]
Definition[edit]
The definition of a bank varies from country to country. See the relevant country pages under for more information.
Under English common law, a banker is defined as a person who carries on the business of banking, which is specified as:[13]

conducting current accounts for his customers,
paying cheques drawn on him/her and
collecting cheques for his/her customers.





Banco de Venezuela in Coro.






Branch of Nepal Bank in Pokhara, Western Nepal.


In most common law jurisdictions there is a Bills of Exchange Act that codifies the law in relation to negotiable instruments, including cheques, and this Act contains a statutory definition of the term banker: banker includes a body of persons, whether incorporated or not, who carry on the business of banking' (Section 2, Interpretation). Although this definition seems circular, it is actually functional, because it ensures that the legal basis for bank transactions such as cheques does not depend on how the bank is structured or regulated.
The business of banking is in many English common law countries not defined by statute but by common law, the definition above. In other English common law jurisdictions there are statutory definitions of the business of banking or banking business. When looking at these definitions it is important to keep in mind that they are defining the business of banking for the purposes of the legislation, and not necessarily in general. In particular, most of the definitions are from legislation that has the purpose of regulating and supervising banks rather than regulating the actual business of banking. However, in many cases the statutory definition closely mirrors the common law one. Examples of statutory definitions:

"banking business" means the business of receiving money on current or deposit account, paying and collecting cheques drawn by or paid in by customers, the making of advances to customers, and includes such other business as the Authority may prescribe for the purposes of this Act; (Banking Act (Singapore), Section 2, Interpretation).
"banking business" means the business of either or both of the following:


receiving from the general public money on current, deposit, savings or other similar account repayable on demand or within less than [3 months] ... or with a period of call or notice of less than that period;
paying or collecting cheques drawn by or paid in by customers.[14]

Since the advent of EFTPOS (Electronic Funds Transfer at Point Of Sale), direct credit, direct debit and internet banking, the cheque has lost its primacy in most banking systems as a payment instrument. This has led legal theorists to suggest that the cheque based definition should be broadened to include financial institutions that conduct current accounts for customers and enable customers to pay and be paid by third parties, even if they do not pay and collect cheques .[15]
Standard business[edit]




Large door to an old bank vault.


Banks act as payment agents by conducting checking or current accounts for customers, paying cheques drawn by customers in the bank, and collecting cheques deposited to customers' current accounts. Banks also enable customer payments via other payment methods such as Automated Clearing House (ACH), Wire transfers or telegraphic transfer, EFTPOS, and automated teller machines (ATMs).
Banks borrow money by accepting funds deposited on current accounts, by accepting term deposits, and by issuing debt securities such as banknotes and bonds. Banks lend money by making advances to customers on current accounts, by making installment loans, and by investing in marketable debt securities and other forms of money lending.
Banks provide different payment services, and a bank account is considered indispensable by most businesses and individuals. Non-banks that provide payment services such as remittance companies are normally not considered as an adequate substitute for a bank account.
Banks can create new money when they make a loan. New loans throughout the banking system generate new deposits elsewhere in the system. The money supply is usually increased by the act of lending, and reduced when loans are repaid faster than new ones are generated. In the United Kingdom between 1997 and 2007, there was an increase in the money supply, largely caused by much more bank lending, which served to push up property prices and increase private debt. The amount of money in the economy as measured by M4 in the UK went from £750 billion to £1700 billion between 1997 and 2007, much of the increase caused by bank lending.[16] If all the banks increase their lending together, then they can expect new deposits to return to them and the amount of money in the economy will increase. Excessive or risky lending can cause borrowers to default, the banks then become more cautious, so there is less lending and therefore less money so that the economy can go from boom to bust as happened in the UK and many other Western economies after 2007.
Range of activities[edit]
Activities undertaken by banks include personal banking, corporate banking, investment banking, private banking, transaction banking, insurance, consumer finance, foreign exchange trading, commodity trading, trading in equities, futures and options trading and money market trading.
Channels[edit]
Banks offer many different channels to access their banking and other services:




An American bank in Maryland.



Automated teller machines
A branch in a retail location
Call centre
Mail: most banks accept cheque deposits via mail and use mail to communicate to their customers, e.g. by sending out statements
Mobile banking is a method of using one's mobile phone to conduct banking transactions
Online banking is a term used for performing multiple transactions, payments etc. over the Internet
Relationship managers, mostly for private banking or business banking, often visiting customers at their homes or businesses
Telephone banking is a service which allows its customers to conduct transactions over the telephone with automated attendant, or when requested, with telephone operator
Video banking is a term used for performing banking transactions or professional banking consultations via a remote video and audio connection. Video banking can be performed via purpose built banking transaction machines (similar to an Automated teller machine), or via a video conference enabled bank branch clarification
DSA is a Direct Selling Agent, who works for the bank based on a contract. Its main job is to increase the customer base for the bank.

Business models[edit]
A bank can generate revenue in a variety of different ways including interest, transaction fees and financial advice. Traditionally, the most significant method is via charging interest on the capital it lends out to customers.[citation needed] The bank profits from the difference between the level of interest it pays for deposits and other sources of funds, and the level of interest it charges in its lending activities.
This difference is referred to as the spread between highly the cost of funds and the loan interest rate. Historically, profitability from lending activities has been cyclical and dependent on the needs and strengths of loan customers and the stage of the economic cycle. Fees and financial advice constitute a more stable revenue stream and banks have therefore placed more emphasis on these revenue lines to smooth their financial performance.
In the past 20 years, American banks have taken many measures to ensure that they remain profitable while responding to increasingly changing market conditions.

First, this includes the Gramm–Leach–Bliley Act, which allows banks again to merge with investment and insurance houses. Merging banking, investment, and insurance functions allows traditional banks to respond to increasing consumer demands for "one-stop shopping" by enabling cross-selling of products (which, the banks hope, will also increase profitability).
Second, they have expanded the use of risk-based pricing from business lending to consumer lending, which means charging higher interest rates to those customers that are considered to be a higher credit risk and thus increased chance of default on loans. This helps to offset the losses from bad loans, lowers the price of loans to those who have better credit histories, and offers credit products to high risk customers who would otherwise be denied credit.
Third, they have sought to increase the methods of payment processing available to the general public and business clients. These products include debit cards, prepaid cards, smart cards, and credit cards. They make it easier for consumers to conveniently make transactions and smooth their consumption over time (in some countries with underdeveloped financial systems, it is still common to deal strictly in cash, including carrying suitcases filled with cash to purchase a home).


However, with the convenience of easy credit, there is also increased risk that consumers will mismanage their financial resources and accumulate excessive debt. Banks make money from card products through interest charges and fees charged to cardholders, and transaction fees to retailers who accept the bank's credit and/or debit cards for payments.

This helps in making a profit and facilitates economic development as a whole.[17]
Products[edit]




A former building society, now a modern retail bank in Leeds, West Yorkshire.






An interior of a branch of National Westminster Bank on Castle Street, Liverpool


Retail[edit]

Savings account
Recurring deposit account
Fixed deposit account
Money market account
Certificate of deposit (CD)
Individual retirement account (IRA)
Credit card
Debit card
Mortgage
Mutual fund
Personal loan
Time deposits
ATM card
Current accounts
Cheque books
Automated Teller Machine (ATM)

Business (or commercial/investment) banking[edit]

Business loan
Capital raising (equity / debt / hybrids)
Revolving credit
Risk management (foreign exchange (FX)), interest rates, commodities, derivatives)
Term loan
Cash management services (lock box, remote deposit capture, merchant processing)
Credit services

Capital and risk[edit]
Banks face a number of risks in order to conduct their business, and how well these risks are managed and understood is a key driver behind profitability, and how much capital a bank is required to hold. Bank capital consists principally of equity, retained earnings and subordinated debt.
After the 2007-2009 financial crisis, regulators force banks to issue Contingent convertible bonds (CoCos).These are hybrid capital securities that absorb losses in accordance with their contractual terms when the capital of the issuing bank falls below a certain level. Then debt is reduced and bank capitalization gets a boost. Owing to their capacity to absorb losses, CoCos have the potential to satisfy regulatory capital requirement.[18][19]
Some of the main risks faced by banks include:

Credit risk: risk of loss arising from a borrower who does not make payments as promised.[20]
Liquidity risk: risk that a given security or asset cannot be traded quickly enough in the market to prevent a loss (or make the required profit).
Market risk: risk that the value of a portfolio, either an investment portfolio or a trading portfolio, will decrease due to the change in value of the market risk factors.
Operational risk: risk arising from execution of a company's business functions.
Reputational risk: a type of risk related to the trustworthiness of business.
Macroeconomic risk: risks related to the aggregate economy the bank is operating in.[21]

The capital requirement is a bank regulation, which sets a framework within which a bank or depository institution must manage its balance sheet. The categorization of assets and capital is highly standardized so that it can be risk weighted.
Banks in the economy[edit]




SEB main building in Tallinn, Estonia


See also: Financial system
Economic functions[edit]
The economic functions of banks include:

Issue of money, in the form of banknotes and current accounts subject to cheque or payment at the customer's order. These claims on banks can act as money because they are negotiable or repayable on demand, and hence valued at par. They are effectively transferable by mere delivery, in the case of banknotes, or by drawing a cheque that the payee may bank or cash.
Netting and settlement of payments – banks act as both collection and paying agents for customers, participating in interbank clearing and settlement systems to collect, present, be presented with, and pay payment instruments. This enables banks to economize on reserves held for settlement of payments, since inward and outward payments offset each other. It also enables the offsetting of payment flows between geographical areas, reducing the cost of settlement between them.
Credit intermediation – banks borrow and lend back-to-back on their own account as middle men.
Credit quality improvement – banks lend money to ordinary commercial and personal borrowers (ordinary credit quality), but are high quality borrowers. The improvement comes from diversification of the bank's assets and capital which provides a buffer to absorb losses without defaulting on its obligations. However, banknotes and deposits are generally unsecured; if the bank gets into difficulty and pledges assets as security, to raise the funding it needs to continue to operate, this puts the note holders and depositors in an economically subordinated position.
Asset liability mismatch/Maturity transformation – banks borrow more on demand debt and short term debt, but provide more long term loans. In other words, they borrow short and lend long. With a stronger credit quality than most other borrowers, banks can do this by aggregating issues (e.g. accepting deposits and issuing banknotes) and redemptions (e.g. withdrawals and redemption of banknotes), maintaining reserves of cash, investing in marketable securities that can be readily converted to cash if needed, and raising replacement funding as needed from various sources (e.g. wholesale cash markets and securities markets).
Money creation/destruction – whenever a bank gives out a loan in a fractional-reserve banking system, a new sum of money is created and conversely, whenever the principal on that loan is repaid money is destroyed.

Bank crisis[edit]




OTP Bank in Prešov (Slovakia)


Banks are susceptible to many forms of risk which have triggered occasional systemic crises. These include liquidity risk (where many depositors may request withdrawals in excess of available funds), credit risk (the chance that those who owe money to the bank will not repay it), and interest rate risk (the possibility that the bank will become unprofitable, if rising interest rates force it to pay relatively more on its deposits than it receives on its loans).
Banking crises have developed many times throughout history, when one or more risks have emerged for a banking sector as a whole. Prominent examples include the bank run that occurred during the Great Depression, the U.S. Savings and Loan crisis in the 1980s and early 1990s, the Japanese banking crisis during the 1990s, and the sub-prime mortgage crisis in the 2000s.
Size of global banking industry[edit]
Assets of the largest 1,000 banks in the world grew by 6.8% in the 2008/2009 financial year to a record US$96.4 trillion while profits declined by 85% to US$115 billion. Growth in assets in adverse market conditions was largely a result of recapitalization. EU banks held the largest share of the total, 56% in 2008/2009, down from 61% in the previous year. Asian banks' share increased from 12% to 14% during the year, while the share of US banks increased from 11% to 13%. Fee revenue generated by global investment banking totalled US$66.3 billion in 2009, up 12% on the previous year.[22]
The United States has the most banks in the world in terms of institutions (5,330 as of 2015) and possibly branches (81,607 as of 2015).[23] This is an indicator of the geography and regulatory structure of the USA, resulting in a large number of small to medium-sized institutions in its banking system. As of November 2009, China's top 4 banks have in excess of 67,000 branches (ICBC:18000+, BOC:12000+, CCB:13000+, ABC:24000+) with an additional 140 smaller banks with an undetermined number of branches. Japan had 129 banks and 12,000 branches. In 2004, Germany, France, and Italy each had more than 30,000 branches – more than double the 15,000 branches in the UK.[22]
Regulation[edit]
Main article: Banking regulation
See also: Basel II
Currently commercial banks are regulated in most jurisdictions by government entities and require a special bank license to operate.


Bank regulation and standards




Bank for International Settlements
Basel Accords (Basel I, Basel II, Basel III)
Financial Stability Board




Background




Banking (Regulation)
Monetary policy
Central bank
Risk
Risk management
Regulatory capital
Tier 1
Tier 2




Pillar 1: Regulatory capital




Credit risk
Standardized
IRB Approach
F-IRB
A-IRB
PD
LGD
EAD
Operational risk
Basic
Standardized
AMA
Market risk
Duration
Value at risk




Pillar 2: Supervisory review




Economic capital
Liquidity risk
Legal risk




Pillar 3: Market disclosure




Disclosure




Business and Economics Portal





v
t
e





Usually the definition of the business of banking for the purposes of regulation is extended to include acceptance of deposits, even if they are not repayable to the customer's order – although money lending, by itself, is generally not included in the definition.
Unlike most other regulated industries, the regulator is typically also a participant in the market, being either a publicly or privately governed central bank. Central banks also typically have a monopoly on the business of issuing banknotes. However, in some countries this is not the case. In the UK, for example, the Financial Services Authority licenses banks, and some commercial banks (such as the Bank of Scotland) issue their own banknotes in addition to those issued by the Bank of England, the UK government's central bank.
Banking law is based on a contractual analysis of the relationship between the bank (defined above) and the customer – defined as any entity for which the bank agrees to conduct an account.
The law implies rights and obligations into this relationship as follows:

The bank account balance is the financial position between the bank and the customer: when the account is in credit, the bank owes the balance to the customer; when the account is overdrawn, the customer owes the balance to the bank.
The bank agrees to pay the customer's checks up to the amount standing to the credit of the customer's account, plus any agreed overdraft limit.
The bank may not pay from the customer's account without a mandate from the customer, e.g. a cheque drawn by the customer.
The bank agrees to promptly collect the cheques deposited to the customer's account as the customer's agent, and to credit the proceeds to the customer's account.
The bank has a right to combine the customer's accounts, since each account is just an aspect of the same credit relationship.
The bank has a lien on cheques deposited to the customer's account, to the extent that the customer is indebted to the bank.
The bank must not disclose details of transactions through the customer's account – unless the customer consents, there is a public duty to disclose, the bank's interests require it, or the law demands it.
The bank must not close a customer's account without reasonable notice, since cheques are outstanding in the ordinary course of business for several days.

These implied contractual terms may be modified by express agreement between the customer and the bank. The statutes and regulations in force within a particular jurisdiction may also modify the above terms and/or create new rights, obligations or limitations relevant to the bank-customer relationship.
Some types of financial institution, such as building societies and credit unions, may be partly or wholly exempt from bank license requirements, and therefore regulated under separate rules.
The requirements for the issue of a bank license vary between jurisdictions but typically include:

Minimum capital
Minimum capital ratio
'Fit and Proper' requirements for the bank's controllers, owners, directors, or senior officers
Approval of the bank's business plan as being sufficiently prudent and plausible.

Types of banks[edit]
Banks' activities can be divided into:

retail banking, dealing directly with individuals and small businesses;
business banking, providing services to mid-market business;
corporate banking, directed at large business entities;
private banking, providing wealth management services to high-net-worth individuals and families;
investment banking, relating to activities on the financial markets.

Most banks are profit-making, private enterprises. However, some are owned by government, or are non-profit organizations.
Types of banks[edit]




National Bank of the Republic, Salt Lake City 1908






ATM Al-Rajhi Bank






National Copper Bank, Salt Lake City 1911






A branch of Union Bank in, Visakhapatnam



Commercial banks: the term used for a normal bank to distinguish it from an investment bank. After the Great Depression, the U.S. Congress required that banks only engage in banking activities, whereas investment banks were limited to capital market activities. Since the two no longer have to be under separate ownership, some use the term "commercial bank" to refer to a bank or a division of a bank that mostly deals with deposits and loans from corporations or large businesses.
Community banks: locally operated financial institutions that empower employees to make local decisions to serve their customers and the partners.
Community development banks: regulated banks that provide financial services and credit to under-served markets or populations.
Land development banks: The special banks providing long-term loans are called land development banks (LDB). The history of LDB is quite old. The first LDB was started at Jhang in Punjab in 1920. The main objective of the LDBs are to promote the development of land, agriculture and increase the agricultural production. The LDBs provide long-term finance to members directly through their branches.[24]
Credit unions or co-operative banks: not-for-profit cooperatives owned by the depositors and often offering rates more favourable than for-profit banks. Typically, membership is restricted to employees of a particular company, residents of a defined area, members of a certain union or religious organizations, and their immediate families.
Postal savings banks: savings banks associated with national postal systems.
Private banks: banks that manage the assets of high-net-worth individuals. Historically a minimum of USD 1 million was required to open an account, however, over the last years many private banks have lowered their entry hurdles to USD 350,000 for private investors.[citation needed]
Offshore banks: banks located in jurisdictions with low taxation and regulation. Many offshore banks are essentially private banks.
Savings bank: in Europe, savings banks took their roots in the 19th or sometimes even in the 18th century. Their original objective was to provide easily accessible savings products to all strata of the population. In some countries, savings banks were created on public initiative; in others, socially committed individuals created foundations to put in place the necessary infrastructure. Nowadays, European savings banks have kept their focus on retail banking: payments, savings products, credits and insurances for individuals or small and medium-sized enterprises. Apart from this retail focus, they also differ from commercial banks by their broadly decentralized distribution network, providing local and regional outreach – and by their socially responsible approach to business and society.
Building societies and Landesbanks: institutions that conduct retail banking.
Ethical banks: banks that prioritize the transparency of all operations and make only what they consider to be socially responsible investments.
A direct or internet-only bank is a banking operation without any physical bank branches, conceived and implemented wholly with networked computers.

Types of investment banks[edit]

Investment banks "underwrite" (guarantee the sale of) stock and bond issues, trade for their own accounts, make markets, provide investment management, and advise corporations on capital market activities such as mergers and acquisitions.
Merchant banks were traditionally banks which engaged in trade finance. The modern definition, however, refers to banks which provide capital to firms in the form of shares rather than loans. Unlike venture caps, they tend not to invest in new companies.

Both combined[edit]




A branch of BDO Unibank in SM Aura Premier, BGC



Universal banks, more commonly known as financial services companies, engage in several of these activities. These big banks are very diversified groups that, among other services, also distribute insurance – hence the term bancassurance, a portmanteau word combining "banque or bank" and "assurance", signifying that both banking and insurance are provided by the same corporate entity.

Other types of banks[edit]

Central banks are normally government-owned and charged with quasi-regulatory responsibilities, such as supervising commercial banks, or controlling the cash interest rate. They generally provide liquidity to the banking system and act as the lender of last resort in event of a crisis.
Islamic banks adhere to the concepts of Islamic law. This form of banking revolves around several well-established principles based on Islamic canons. All banking activities must avoid interest, a concept that is forbidden in Islam. Instead, the bank earns profit (markup) and fees on the financing facilities that it extends to customers.

Challenges within the banking industry[edit]





The examples and perspective in this section may not represent a worldwide view of the subject. You may improve this article, discuss the issue on the talk page, or create a new article, as appropriate. (September 2009) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (September 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


United States[edit]
Main article: Banking in the United States




Citibank, The People's Trust Company Building, Brooklyn.


The United States banking industry is one of the most heavily regulated and guarded in the world,[25] with multiple specialized and focused regulators. All banks with FDIC-insured deposits have the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) as a regulator. However, for soundness examinations (i.e., whether a bank is operating in a sound manner), the Federal Reserve is the primary federal regulator for Fed-member state banks; the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) is the primary federal regulator for national banks; and the Office of Thrift Supervision, or OTS, is the primary federal regulator for thrifts. State non-member banks are examined by the state agencies as well as the FDIC. National banks have one primary regulator – the OCC.
Each regulatory agency has their own set of rules and regulations to which banks and thrifts must adhere. The Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (FFIEC) was established in 1979 as a formal inter-agency body empowered to prescribe uniform principles, standards, and report forms for the federal examination of financial institutions. Although the FFIEC has resulted in a greater degree of regulatory consistency between the agencies, the rules and regulations are constantly changing.
In addition to changing regulations, changes in the industry have led to consolidations within the Federal Reserve, FDIC, OTS, and OCC. Offices have been closed, supervisory regions have been merged, staff levels have been reduced and budgets have been cut. The remaining regulators face an increased burden with increased workload and more banks per regulator. While banks struggle to keep up with the changes in the regulatory environment, regulators struggle to manage their workload and effectively regulate their banks. The impact of these changes is that banks are receiving less hands-on assessment by the regulators, less time spent with each institution, and the potential for more problems slipping through the cracks, potentially resulting in an overall increase in bank failures across the United States.
The changing economic environment has a significant impact on banks and thrifts as they struggle to effectively manage their interest rate spread in the face of low rates on loans, rate competition for deposits and the general market changes, industry trends and economic fluctuations. It has been a challenge for banks to effectively set their growth strategies with the recent economic market. A rising interest rate environment may seem to help financial institutions, but the effect of the changes on consumers and businesses is not predictable and the challenge remains for banks to grow and effectively manage the spread to generate a return to their shareholders.
The management of the banks’ asset portfolios also remains a challenge in today’s economic environment. Loans are a bank’s primary asset category and when loan quality becomes suspect, the foundation of a bank is shaken to the core. While always an issue for banks, declining asset quality has become a big problem for financial institutions.




Safra National Bank, New York


There are several reasons for this, one of which is the lax attitude some banks have adopted because of the years of “good times.” The potential for this is exacerbated by the reduction in the regulatory oversight of banks and in some cases depth of management. Problems are more likely to go undetected, resulting in a significant impact on the bank when they are discovered. In addition, banks, like any business, struggle to cut costs and have consequently eliminated certain expenses, such as adequate employee training programs.
Banks also face a host of other challenges such as ageing ownership groups. Across the country, many banks’ management teams and board of directors are ageing. Banks also face ongoing pressure by shareholders, both public and private, to achieve earnings and growth projections. Regulators place added pressure on banks to manage the various categories of risk. Banking is also an extremely competitive industry. Competing in the financial services industry has become tougher with the entrance of such players as insurance agencies, credit unions, cheque cashing services, credit card companies, etc.
As a reaction, banks have developed their activities in financial instruments, through financial market operations such as brokerage and have become big players in such activities.
Loan activities of banks[edit]
To be able to provide home buyers and builders with the funds needed, banks must compete for deposits. The phenomenon of disintermediation had to dollars moving from savings accounts and into direct market instruments such as U.S. Department of Treasury obligations, agency securities, and corporate debt. One of the greatest factors in recent years in the movement of deposits was the tremendous growth of money market funds whose higher interest rates attracted consumer deposits.[26]
To compete for deposits, US savings institutions offer many different types of plans:[26]

Passbook or ordinary deposit accounts  – permit any amount to be added to or withdrawn from the account at any time.
NOW and Super NOW accounts  – function like checking accounts but earn interest. A minimum balance may be required on Super NOW accounts.
Money market accounts  – carry a monthly limit of preauthorized transfers to other accounts or persons and may require a minimum or average balance.
Certificate accounts  – subject to loss of some or all interest on withdrawals before maturity.
Notice accounts  – the equivalent of certificate accounts with an indefinite term. Savers agree to notify the institution a specified time before withdrawal.
Individual retirement accounts (IRAs) and Keogh plans  – a form of retirement savings in which the funds deposited and interest earned are exempt from income tax until after withdrawal.
Checking accounts  – offered by some institutions under definite restrictions.
All withdrawals and deposits are completely the sole decision and responsibility of the account owner unless the parent or guardian is required to do otherwise for legal reasons.
Club accounts and other savings accounts  – designed to help people save regularly to meet certain goals.

type of accounts[edit]




Suburban bank branch


Bank statements are accounting records produced by banks under the various accounting standards of the world. Under GAAP there are two kinds of accounts: debit and credit. Credit accounts are Revenue, Equity and Liabilities. Debit Accounts are Assets and Expenses. The bank credits a credit account to increase its balance, and debits a credit account to decrease its balance.[27]
The customer debits his or her savings/bank (asset) account in his ledger when making a deposit (and the account is normally in debit), while the customer credits a credit card (liability) account in his ledger every time he spends money (and the account is normally in credit). When the customer reads his bank statement, the statement will show a credit to the account for deposits, and debits for withdrawals of funds. The customer with a positive balance will see this balance reflected as a credit balance on the bank statement. If the customer is overdrawn, he will have a negative balance, reflected as a debit balance on the bank statement.
Brokered deposits[edit]
One source of deposits for banks is brokers who deposit large sums of money on behalf of investors through trust corporations. This money will generally go to the banks which offer the most favourable terms, often better than those offered local depositors. It is possible for a bank to engage in business with no local deposits at all, all funds being brokered deposits. Accepting a significant quantity of such deposits, or "hot money" as it is sometimes called, puts a bank in a difficult and sometimes risky position, as the funds must be lent or invested in a way that yields a return sufficient to pay the high interest being paid on the brokered deposits. This may result in risky decisions and even in eventual failure of the bank. Banks which failed during 2008 and 2009 in the United States during the global financial crisis had, on average, four times more brokered deposits as a percent of their deposits than the average bank. Such deposits, combined with risky real estate investments, factored into the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s. Regulation of brokered deposits is opposed by banks on the grounds that the practice can be a source of external funding to growing communities with insufficient local deposits.[28] There are different types of accounts: saving, recurring and current accounts.
Globalization in the banking industry[edit]
In modern time there has been huge reductions to the barriers of global competition in the banking industry. Increases in telecommunications and other financial technologies, such as Bloomberg, have allowed banks to extend their reach all over the world, since they no longer have to be near customers to manage both their finances and their risk. The growth in cross-border activities has also increased the demand for banks that can provide various services across borders to different nationalities. However, despite these reductions in barriers and growth in cross-border activities, the banking industry is nowhere near as globalized as some other industries. In the USA, for instance, very few banks even worry about the Riegle–Neal Act, which promotes more efficient interstate banking. In the vast majority of nations around the globe the market share for foreign owned banks is currently less than a tenth of all market shares for banks in a particular nation. One reason the banking industry has not been fully globalized is that it is more convenient to have local banks provide loans to small business and individuals. On the other hand, for large corporations, it is not as important in what nation the bank is in, since the corporation's financial information is available around the globe.[29]
See also[edit]




Types of institutions:

Bad bank
Bankers' bank
Building society
Cooperative bank
Credit union
Ethical bank
Industrial loan company
Islamic banking
Mortgage bank
Mutual savings bank
Offshore bank
Person-to-person lending
Public bank
Savings and loan association
Savings bank
Sparebank



Terms and concepts:

Bank regulation
Bankers' bonuses
Call report
Cheque
Electronic funds transfer
Factoring (finance)
Finance
Fractional-reserve banking
Full-reserve banking
Hedge fund
IBAN
Internet banking
Investment banking
Mobile banking
Money
Money laundering



Terms and concepts:

Narrow banking
Overdraft
Overdraft protection
Piggy bank
Pigmy Deposit Scheme
Private banking
Stockbroker
Substitute check
SWIFT
Tax haven
Venture capital
Wealth management
Wire transfer



Crime:

Bank fraud
Bank robbery
Cheque fraud
Mortgage fraud

Cyber Crime
Lists:

List of largest banks
List of accounting topics
List of bank mergers in United States
List of banks
List of economics topics
List of finance topics
List of largest U.S. bank failures
List of oldest banks
List of stock exchanges



Banking by country

Banking in Australia
Banking in Austria
Banking in Bangladesh
Banking in Canada
Banking in China
Banking in France
Banking in Germany
Banking in Greece
Banking in Hong Kong
Banking in Iran
Banking in India
Banking in Israel
Banking in Italy
Banking in Pakistan
Banking in Russia
Banking in Singapore
Banking in Switzerland
Banking in Tunisia
Banking in the United Kingdom
Banking in the United States





References[edit]


^ Bank of England. "Rulebook Glossary". 
^ Hoggson, N. F. (1926) Banking Through the Ages, New York, Dodd, Mead & Company.
^ Goldthwaite, R. A. (1995) Banks, Places and Entrepreneurs in Renaissance Florence, Aldershot, Hampshire, Great Britain, Variorum
^ Macesich, George (30 June 2000). "Central Banking: The Early Years: Other Early Banks". Issues in Money and Banking. Westport, Connecticut: Praeger Publishers (Greenwood Publishing Group). p. 42. ISBN 978-0-275-96777-2. doi:10.1336/0275967778. Retrieved 2009-03-12. The first state deposit bank was the Bank of St. George in Genoa, which was established in 1407. 
^ Thus by the 19th century we find “[i]n ordinary cases of deposits of money with banking corporations, or bankers, the transaction amounts to a mere loan or mutuum, and the bank is to restore, not the same money, but an equivalent sum, whenever it is demanded.” Joseph Story, Commentaries on the Law of Bailments (1832, p. 66) and “Money, when paid into a bank, ceases altogether to be the money of the principal (see Parker v. Marchant, 1 Phillips 360); it is then the money of the banker, who is bound to return an equivalent by paying a similar sum to that deposited with him when he is asked for it.” Lord Chancellor Cottenham, Foley v Hill (1848) 2 HLC 28.
^ Richards. The usual denomination was 50 or 100 pounds, so these notes were not an everyday currency for the common people
^ Richards, p. 40
^ "A History of British Banknotes". britishnotes.co.uk. 
^ "A short history of overdrafts". eccount money. Archived from the original on 2013-11-05. 
^ Morton, Julius Sterling (1898). The Conservative. p. 346. 
^ de Albuquerque, Martim (1855). Notes and Queries. London: George Bell. p. 431. 
^ "Etymonline". 
^ United Dominions Trust Ltd v Kirkwood, 1966, English Court of Appeal, 2 QB 431
^ (Banking Ordinance, Section 2, Interpretation, Hong Kong) Note that in this case the definition is extended to include accepting any deposits repayable in less than 3 months, companies that accept deposits of greater than HK$100 000 for periods of greater than 3 months are regulated as deposit taking companies rather than as banks in Hong Kong.
^ e.g. Tyree's Banking Law in New Zealand, A L Tyree, LexisNexis 2003, p. 70.
^ Bank of England statistics and the book "Where does money come from?", p. 47, by the New Economics Foundation.
^ "How Banks Make Money". The Street. Retrieved 2011-09-08. 
^ [1]
^ [2]
^ "Principles for the Management of Credit Risk – consultative document". July 1999. Retrieved 28 January 2016. Credit risk is most simply defined as the potential that a bank borrower or counterparty will fail to meet its obligations in accordance with agreed terms. 
^ Bolt, Wilko; Leo de Haan; Marco Hoeberichts; Maarten van Oordt; Job Swank (2012). "Bank Profitability during Recessions". Journal of Banking & Finance. 36 (9): 2552–64. doi:10.1016/j.jbankfin.2012.05.011. 
^ a b "Banking 2010" (PDF). [permanent dead link] (638 KB) charts 7–8, pages 3–4. TheCityUK.
^ "FDIC: HSOB Commercial Banks". www5.fdic.gov. Retrieved 2016-09-04. 
^ TNAU. "Land Development Bank". TNAU Agritech Portal. Retrieved 8 January 2014. 
^ Scott Besley and Eugene F. Brigham, Principles of Finance, 4th ed. (Mason, OH: South-Western Cengage Learning, 2009), 125. This popular university textbook explains: "Generally speaking, U.S. financial institutions have been much more heavily regulated and faced greater limitations ... than have their foreign counterparts."
^ a b Mishler, Lon; Cole, Robert E. (1995). Consumer and business credit management. Homewood: Irwin. pp. 128–29. ISBN 0-256-13948-2. 
^ Statistics Department (2001). "Source Data for Monetary and Financial Statistics". Monetary and Financial Statistics: Compilation Guide. Washington D.C.: International Monetary Fund. p. 24. ISBN 978-1-58906-584-0. Retrieved 2009-03-14. 
^ "For Banks, Wads of Cash and Loads of Trouble" article by Eric Lipton and Andrew Martin in The New York Times July 3, 2009
^ Allen N Berger; Qinglei Dai; Steven Ongena; David C Smith (31 March 2003). "To what extent will the banking industry be globalized? A study of bank nationality and reach in 20 European nations". Retrieved 28 January 2016. 


External links[edit]

Find more aboutBankat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
Texts from Wikisource



Guardian Datablog – World's Biggest Banks
Banking, Banks, and Credit Unions from UCB Libraries GovPubs
A Guide to the National Banking System (PDF). Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC), Washington, D.C. Provides an overview of the national banking system of the USA, its regulation, and the OCC.




Authority control



GND: 4004436-1
NDL: 00562463










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Bank&oldid=792403414"					
Categories: BanksBankingLegal entitiesItalian inventionsEconomic history of ItalyHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesUse British English Oxford spelling from September 2016Articles needing additional references from May 2016All articles needing additional referencesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2011Articles with unsourced statements from August 2010Articles with limited geographic scope from September 2009Articles needing additional references from September 2008Wikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


Afrikaansአማርኛالعربيةܐܪܡܝܐঅসমীয়াAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaتۆرکجهবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBosanskiCatalàЧӑвашлаČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGàidhligGalegoગુજરાતી客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliKreyòl ayisyenLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीМакедонскиമലയാളംमराठीمصرىBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskNouormandOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀPälzischپښتوPolskiPortuguêsQaraqalpaqshaRomânăRuna SimiРусскийСаха тылаScotsShqipSicilianuසිංහලSimple EnglishسنڌيSlovenčinaSlovenščinaSoomaaligaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்Татарча/tatarçaతెలుగుไทยТоҷикӣLea faka-TongaTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinarayייִדיש粵語ZazakiŽemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 09:21.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Economy of Italy - Wikipedia






















 






Economy of Italy

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Economy of Italy


Milan is the financial centre of Italy



Currency
Euro (EUR), except in Campione d'Italia (CHF)



Fiscal year

calendar year



Trade organisations

European Union, WTO, OECD, AIIB


Statistics


GDP
$1.850,735 trillion (nominal, 2016); $2.234,500 trillion (PPP, 2016)[1]


GDP rank
8th (nominal) / 12th (PPP)



GDP growth

 +0.4% Q1 2017,+1.2% acquired 2017 [2]



GDP per capita

$30,507 (nominal, 2016);
$36,833 (PPP, 2016)



GDP by sector

services (74%), industry (24%), agriculture (2%)



Inflation (CPI)

 +1.2% (June 2017)



Population below poverty line

5.7% in poverty, 2014;[3] 24.7% at risk of poverty or social exclusion, 2014[4]



Gini coefficient

0.324 (2015)[5]



Labour force

 25.7 million



Labour force by occupation

services (68%), industry (28%), agriculture (4%)


Unemployment
 11.1% May 2017



Average gross salary


€20,690 ($23,260), yearly (+1.3%) (2016)
[6] (as gross income and not gross wage)



Main industries

iron and steel, cement, chemicals, plastics, production machinery, motor vehicles, shipbuilding, space and aircraft, machine tools, communications, medical apparatus, pharmaceuticals, food and beverages processing, textiles, clothing, fashion, home appliances, tourism



Ease-of-doing-business rank

50th (2017)[7]


External


Exports
 $436.3 billion (2016)[8]



Export goods

engineering products; electrical equipment; vehicles, aircraft and vessels; base metals and steel; textiles, clothing and footwear; chemicals; food and beverages; precious metals; optical and medical apparatus; stone, cement and glass products; paper



Main export partners

 Germany 12.6%
 France 11.1%
 United States 6.8%
  Switzerland 5.7%
 United Kingdom 4.7%
 Spain 4.4%


Imports
 $372.2 billion (2016)[9]



Import goods

minerals; engineering products; chemicals; motor vehicles; base metals; plastics; textiles



Main import partners

 Germany 14.7%
 France 8.4%
 China 8.4%
 Russia 6.3%
 Netherlands 5.8%
 Spain 4.5%



FDI stock

$0.7 trillion



Gross external debt

 $2.6 trillion


Public finances



Public debt

 131% of GDP


Revenues
$1.0 trillion


Expenses
$1.1 trillion


Economic aid
Donor: $2.5 billion, 0.15% of GDP[10]



Credit rating

Standard & Poor's: BBB+[11]
Outlook: Stable
Moody's: BAA2[12]
Outlook: Stable
Fitch: BBB+[13]
Outlook: Stable



Foreign reserves

$0.2 trillion



Main data source: CIA World Fact Book
All values, unless otherwise stated, are in US dollars.



The economy of Italy is the 3rd-largest national economy in the eurozone, the 8th-largest by nominal GDP in the world, and the 12th-largest by GDP (PPP). The country is a founding member of the European Union, the Eurozone, the OECD, the G7 and the G20. Italy is the eighth largest exporter in the world with $514 billion exported in 2016. Its closest trade ties are with the other countries of the European Union, with whom it conducts about 59% of its total trade. The largest trading partners, in order of market share, are Germany (12.6%), France (11.1%), United States (6.8%), Switzerland (5.7%), United Kingdom (4.7%), and Spain (4.4%).[14]
In the post-war period, Italy was transformed from an agricultural based economy which had been severely affected by the consequences of the World Wars, into one of the world's most industrialized nations, and a leading country in world trade and exports. According to the Human Development Index, the country enjoys a very high standard of living, and has the world's 8th highest quality of life according to The Economist.[15] Italy owns the world's third-largest gold reserve,[16] and is the third net contributor to the budget of the European Union.[17] The country is also well known for its influential and innovative business economic sector, an industrious (Italy is the second largest manufacturer in Europe[18] behind Germany) and competitive agricultural sector (Italy is the world's largest wine producer),[19] and for its creative and high-quality automobile, naval, industrial, appliance and fashion design. Italy is the largest market for luxury goods in Europe (third in the world) and the country's private wealth is one of the largest in the world.[20][21]
Despite these important achievements, the country's economy today suffers from structural and non-structural problems. After strong GDP growth in 1945–1990, the last two decades' average annual growth rates were below the EU average with Italy being hit particularly hard by the late-2000s recession. The stagnation in economic growth, and the political efforts to revive it with massive government spending from the 1980s onwards, eventually produced a severe rise in public debt. In addition, Italian living standards have a considerable North–South divide: the average GDP per capita in Northern and Central Italy significantly exceeds the EU average, while some regions and provinces in Southern Italy are dramatically below.[22]
In recent years, Italy's GDP per capita growth slowly returned to the level of its major partners[23] while its employment rate still lags behind due to a large number of undeclared workers (estimated between 10% and 20% of the labour force) counted among the inactive or the unemployed.[24]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Fascist era
1.2 Post-war economic miracle
1.3 From growth to stagnation
1.4 Great Recession


2 Overview

2.1 North–South divide
2.2 Companies
2.3 Wealth
2.4 Regional data


3 Economic sectors

3.1 Primary
3.2 Secondary
3.3 Tertiary


4 Infrastructure

4.1 Energy and natural resources
4.2 Transport


5 Finance
6 Poverty
7 References
8 External links



History[edit]
Main article: Economic history of Italy




Terni steel mills in 1912.


After the unification, industrialization was largely artisanal, and located in the former political capitals; factory industry was instead attracted by the waterfalls of the subalpine Northwest. From the 1880s, as modernization accelerated, industry concentrated in the Lombard and Piedmontese provinces with the boom in textiles, then particularly in Turin and Milan with the engineering boom; and in Liguria's Genoa, which captured civil and naval shipbuilding.[25]
The diffusion of the industrialization process that characterized the northern and central parts of the country starting from the 1880s, completely excluded large areas in the Northeast and in Southern Italy. The resulting Italian diaspora concerned nearly 26 million Italians, the most part immigrated in the period 1880–1914, and it is considered the biggest mass migration of contemporary times.[26] During the Great War, the Italian Royal Army increased in size, with 5 million recruits in total entering service during the war.[27] This came at a terrible cost: by the end of the war, Italy had lost 700,000 soldiers and had a budget deficit of billions of lira.
Fascist era[edit]
Main article: Economy of Italy under fascism




Achille Starace and Italo Balbo visit Alfa Romeo.


Italy emerged from World War I in a poor and weakened condition. The National Fascist Party of Benito Mussolini came to power in 1922, at the end of a period of social unrest. However, once Mussolini acquired a firmer hold of power, laissez-faire and free trade were progressively abandoned in favour of government intervention and protectionism.[28]
In 1929, Italy was hit hard by the Great Depression.[29] Trying to handle the crisis, the Fascist government nationalized the holdings of large banks which had accrued significant industrial securities, establishing the Istituto per la Ricostruzione Industriale.[30] A number of mixed entities were formed, whose purpose it was to bring together representatives of the government and of the major businesses. These representatives discussed economic policy and manipulated prices and wages so as to satisfy both the wishes of the government and the wishes of business.[28]
This economic model based on a partnership between government and business was soon extended to the political sphere, in what came to be known as corporatism. At the same time, the aggressive foreign policy of Mussolini led to an increasing military expenditure. After the invasion of Ethiopia, Italy intervened to support Franco's nationalists in the Spanish Civil War. By 1939, Italy had the highest percentage of state-owned enterprises after the Soviet Union.[28]
Italy's involvement in World War II as a member of the Axis powers required the establishment of a war economy. The Allied invasion of Italy in 1943 eventually caused the Italian political structure – and the economy – to rapidly collapse. The Allies, on the one hand, and the Germans on the other, took over the administration of the areas of Italy under their control. By the end of the war, Italian per capita income was at its lowest point since the beginning of the 20th century.[31]
Post-war economic miracle[edit]
Main article: Italian economic miracle




The Fiat 500, launched in 1957, is considered a symbol of Italy's postwar economic miracle.[32]


After the end of World War II, Italy was in rubble and occupied by foreign armies, a condition that worsened the chronic development gap towards the more advanced European economies. However, the new geopolitical logic of the Cold War made possible that the former enemy Italy, a hinge-country between Western Europe and the Mediterranean, and now a new, fragile democracy threatened by the NATO occupation forces, the proximity of the Iron Curtain and the presence of a strong Communist party,[33] was considered by the USA as an important ally for the Free World, and received under the Marshall Plan US$1,204 million from 1947-51.
The end of aid through the Plan could have stopped the recovery but it coincided with a crucial point in the Korean War whose demand for metal and manufactured products was a further stimulus of Italian industrial production. In addition, the creation in 1957 of the European Common Market, with Italy as a founding member, provided more investment and eased exports.[34]
These favorable developments, combined with the presence of a large labour force, laid the foundation for spectacular economic growth that lasted almost uninterrupted until the "Hot Autumn's" massive strikes and social unrest of 1969–70, which then combined with the later 1973 oil crisis and put an abrupt end to the prolonged boom. It has been calculated that the Italian economy experienced an average rate of growth of GDP of 5.8% per year between 1951–63, and 5% per year between 1964–73.[34] Italian rates of growth were second only, but very close, to the German rates, in Europe, and among the OEEC countries only Japan had been doing better.[35]
From growth to stagnation[edit]




Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti (far left) with G7 leaders in Bonn, 1978.


The 1970s were a period of economic, political turmoil and social unrest in Italy, known as Years of Lead. Unemployment rose sharply, especially among the young, and by 1977 there were one million unemployed people under age 24. Inflation continued, aggravated by the increases in the price of oil in 1973 and 1979. The budget deficit became permanent and intractable, averaging about 10 percent of the gross domestic product (GDP), higher than any other industrial country. The lira fell steadily, from 560 lira to the U.S. dollar in 1973 to 1,400 lira in 1982.[36]
The economic recession went on into the mid-1980s until a set of reforms led to the independence of the Bank of Italy[37] and a big reduction of the indexation of wages[38] that strongly reduced inflation rates, from 20.6% in 1980 to 4.7% in 1987.[39] The new macroeconomic and political stability resulted in a second, export-led "economic miracle", based on small and medium-sized enterprises, producing clothing, leather products, shoes, furniture, textiles, jewelry, and machine tools. As a result of this rapid expansion, in 1987 Italy overtook the British economy (an event known as il sorpasso), becoming the sixth in the world.[40] The Milan stock exchange increased its market capitalization more than fivefold in the space of a few years.[41]




GDP per capita big four Western Europe.


However, the Italian economy of the 1980s presented a problem: it was booming, thanks to increased productivity and surging exports, but unsustainable fiscal deficits drove the growth.[40] In the 1990s, the new Maastricht criteria boosted the urge to curb the public debt, already at 104% of GDP in 1992.[42] The consequent restrictive economic policies worsened the impact of the global recession already underway. After a brief recover at the end of the 1990s, high tax rates and red tape caused the country to stagnate between 2000 and 2008.[43][44]
Great Recession[edit]
Italy was hit hard by the Great Recession and the subsequent European debt crisis. The national economy shrunk by 6.76% during the whole period, totalizing seven-quarters of recession.[45] In November 2011 the Italian bond yield was 6.74 percent for 10-year bonds, nearing a 7 percent level where Italy is thought to lose access to financial markets.[46] According to Eurostat, in 2015 the Italian government debt stood at 128% of GDP, ranking as the second biggest debt ratio after Greece (with 175%).[47] However, the biggest chunk of Italian public debt is owned by Italian nationals [48] and relatively high levels of private savings and low levels of private indebtedness are seen as making it the safest among Europe's struggling economies.[49] As a result of austerity measures, Italy is targeting a public budget deficit of 2.8% in 2015, remaining inside the European Union's 3 percent ceiling.[50]
Overview[edit]
North–South divide[edit]




European Regional Development Fund 2007–2013: Southern Italy is almost all classified under the Convergence objective (GDP per capita less than 75% of the EU average).


Since the unification of Italy in 1861, a wide and increasing economic divide has been noticeably growing between the northern provinces and the southern half of the Italian state. In the early decades of the new kingdom, the lack of an effective land reform, heavy taxes and other economic measures imposed on the South, together with the removal of protectionist tariffs on agricultural goods, made the situation virtually impossible for many tenant farmers and land owners. Multitudes chose to emigrate rather than try to eke out a meager living, especially from 1892 to 1921.[51]
In addition, the surge of brigandage and the Mafia provoked widespread violence, corruption and illegality. After the rise of Benito Mussolini, the "Iron Prefect" Cesare Mori tried to defeat the already powerful criminal organizations flourishing in the South with some degree of success. Fascist policy aimed at the creation of an Italian empire and Southern Italian ports were strategic for all commerce towards the colonies. With the invasion of Southern Italy, the Allies restored the authority of the mafia families, lost during the Fascist period, and used their influence to maintain public order.[52]
In the 1950s the Cassa per il Mezzogiorno was set up as a huge public master plan to help industrialize the South, aiming to do this in two ways: through land reforms creating 120,000 new smallholdings, and through the "Growth Pole Strategy" whereby 60% of all government investment would go to the South, thus boosting the Southern economy by attracting new capital, stimulating local firms, and providing employment. However, the objectives were largely missed, and as a result the South became increasingly subsidized and state dependent, incapable of generating private growth itself.[53]
Even at present, huge regional disparities persist. Problems in Southern Italy still include widespread political corruption, pervasive organized crime, and very high unemployment rates.[54] In 2007, it was estimated that about 80% of the businesses in the Sicilian cities of Catania and Palermo paid protection money;[55] thanks to grassroots movement like Addiopizzo, the mafia racket is slowly but constantly losing its verve.[56][57] The Italian Ministry of Interior reported that organized crime generated an estimated annual profit of €13 billion.[58]
Companies[edit]
Further information: List of companies of Italy




Ferrari is the world's most powerful brand according to the Global 500 annual study published by Brand Finance in 2014.[59]


The country's major companies by sector are: Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, CNH Industrial, Ducati, Piaggio (motor vehicles); Pirelli (tyre manufacturing); Enel, Edison, A2A, Terna (energy); Eni (petrochemicals); Candy, Indesit, De'Longhi (home appliances); Leonardo that has absorbed its subsidiary companies Alenia Aermacchi, AgustaWestland and Oto Melara (defence); Avio, Telespazio (space); Beretta, Benelli (firearms); Armani, Versace, Dolce & Gabbana, Gucci, Benetton, Diesel, Prada, Luxottica, YOOX (fashion); Ferrero, Barilla, Autogrill, Perfetti Van Melle, Campari, Parmalat (food&beverages); Techint, Lucchini, Gruppo Riva, Danieli (steel); Prysmian, Salini Impregilo, Italcementi, Buzzi Unicem, Astaldi (construction); STMicroelectronics (electronics); Telecom Italia, Mediaset (communications); Assicurazioni Generali, Unipol (insurance); UniCredit, Intesa Sanpaolo (banking); Ferrari, Maserati, Lamborghini (luxury vehicles); Fincantieri, Ferretti, Azimut (shipbuilding).[60]
Of the world's 500 largest stock-market-listed companies measured by revenue in 2014, the Fortune Global 500, these are headquartered in Italy.[61]


Rank
Company
Headquarter
Main sector


22
Eni
Rome
Petroleum


24
Exor
Turin
Automotive


48
Assicurazioni Generali
Trieste
Insurance


56
Enel
Rome
Electric Utility


200
Intesa Sanpaolo
Turin
Banking


204
UniCredit
Milan
Banking


319
Telecom Italia
Rome
Telecommunications


336
Poste italiane
Rome
Postal services


439
Unipol
Bologna
Insurance


Wealth[edit]
Further information: List of Italian billionaires




The owner of confectionery manufacturer Ferrero, Michele Ferrero, was the richest Italian in 2014.


Italy has over 1.4 million people with a net wealth greater than $1 million, a total national wealth of $11.857 trillion, and represents the 5th largest cumulative net wealth globally (it accounts for 4.92% of the net wealth in the world).[62] According to the Credit Suisse's Global Wealth Databook 2013, the median wealth per adult is $138,653 (5th in the world),[62] while according to the Allianz's Global Wealth Report 2013, the net financial wealth per capita is €45,770 (13th in the world).[63]
The following top 10 list of Italian billionaires is based on an annual assessment of wealth and assets compiled and published by Forbes in 2014.[64]


Rank
Name
Net Worth ($ bil.)
Main source


31
Michele Ferrero
23.2
Ferrero


37
Leonardo Del Vecchio
20.2
Luxottica


100
Stefano Pessina
11.8
Walgreens Boots Alliance


176
Silvio Berlusconi
7.5
Fininvest


179
Giorgio Armani
7.4
Armani


245
Augusto & Giorgio Perfetti
5.9
Perfetti Van Melle


285
Paolo & Gianfelice Rocca
5.1
Techint


358
Miuccia Prada
4.4
Prada


359
Patrizio Bertelli
4.4
Prada


558
Renzo Rosso
3.1
Diesel


Regional data[edit]
Further information: List of Italian regions by GDP




Gross domestic product per capita at PPP in 2010, by NUTS-2 regions in the European Union.






The labour productivity levels in Europe in 2012. Italy is at the same level of the UK and Finland.



2011 Gross Domestic Product in Italy (2014 data)[65]

NUTS-1 region
€ mil.
€ per cap.
% of the EU average


North-Western Italy
511,484
31,700
124


North-Eastern Italy
364,560
31,200
122


Central Italy
340,669
28,400
111


Southern Italy
243,895
17,200
67


Insular Italy
117,031
17,400
68



2011 Gross Domestic Product in Italy (2014 data)[65]

Region
€ mil.
€ per cap.
NUTS-1 region


Abruzzo
7004300730000000000♠30,073
7004224000000000000♠22,400
South


Aosta Valley[a]
7003432800000000000♠4,328
7004337000000000000♠33,700
North-West


Apulia
7004699740000000000♠69,974
7004171000000000000♠17,100
South


Basilicata
7004107440000000000♠10,744
7004183000000000000♠18,300
South


Calabria
7004330550000000000♠33,055
7004164000000000000♠16,400
South


Campania
7004936350000000000♠93,635
7004160000000000000♠16,000
South


Emilia-Romagna
7005142609000000000♠142,609
7004321000000000000♠32,100
North-East


Friuli-Venezia Giulia[a]
7004366280000000000♠36,628
7004296000000000000♠29,600
North-East


Lazio
7005172246000000000♠172,246
7004300000000000000♠30,000
Centre


Liguria
7004439980000000000♠43,998
7004272000000000000♠27,200
North-West


Lombardy
7005337161000000000♠337,161
7004339000000000000♠33,900
North-West


Marche
7004408770000000000♠40,877
7004261000000000000♠26,100
Centre


Molise
7003641400000000000♠6,414
7004201000000000000♠20,100
South


Piedmont
7005125997000000000♠125,997
7004282000000000000♠28,200
North-West


Sardinia[a]
7004330750000000000♠33,075
7004197000000000000♠19,700
Islands


Sicily[a]
7004839560000000000♠83,956
7004166000000000000♠16,600
Islands


Tuscany
7005106013000000000♠106,013
7004282000000000000♠28,200
Centre


Trentino-South Tyrol[a]
7004357970000000000♠35,797
7004343000000000000♠34,300
North-East


Umbria
7004215330000000000♠21,533
7004237000000000000♠23,700
Centre


Veneto
7005149527000000000♠149,527
7004302000000000000♠30,200
North-East


^a The autonomous regions with special statute have several financial privileges.
Economic sectors[edit]
Primary[edit]




Vineyards near Certaldo, Tuscany. Italy is the world's top wine producer (22% of global market).[19]


According to the last national agricultural census, there were 1.6 million farms in 2010 (-32.4% since 2000) covering 12.7 million hectares (63% of which are located in Southern Italy).[66] The vast majority (99%) are family-operated and small, averaging only 8 hectares in size.[66] Of the total surface area in agricultural use (forestry excluded), grain fields take up 31%, olive tree orchards 8.2%, vineyards 5.4%, citrus orchards 3.8%, sugar beets 1.7%, and horticulture 2.4%. The remainder is primarily dedicated to pastures (25.9%) and feed grains (11.6%).[66] The northern part of Italy produces primarily maize corn, rice, sugar beets, soybeans, meat, fruits and dairy products, while the South specializes in wheat and citrus fruits. Livestock includes 6 million head of cattle, 8.6 million head of swine, 6.8 million head of sheep, and 0.9 million head of goats.[66] The total annual production of the fishing industry in Italy from capture and aquaculture, including crustaceans and molluscs, stood at 480 tons.
Italy is the first largest producer of wine in the world, and one of the leading in olive oil, fruits (apples, olives, grapes, oranges, lemons, pears, apricots, hazelnuts, peaches, cherries, plums, strawberries and kiwifruits), and vegetables (especially artichokes and tomatoes). The most famous Italian wines are probably the Tuscan Chianti and the Piedmontese Barolo. Other famous wines are Barbaresco, Barbera d'Asti, Brunello di Montalcino, Frascati, Montepulciano d'Abruzzo, Morellino di Scansano, and the sparkling wines Franciacorta and Prosecco. Quality goods in which Italy specialises, particularly the already mentioned wines and regional cheeses, are often protected under the quality assurance labels DOC/DOP. This geographical indication certificate, which is attributed by the European Union, is considered important in order to avoid confusion with low-quality mass-produced ersatz products.
Secondary[edit]




Italy's Product Exports Treemap in 2014 from Harvard Atlas of Economic Complexity.


Italy has a smaller number of global multinational corporations than other economies of comparable size, but there is a large number of small and medium-sized enterprises, many of them grouped in clusters, which are the backbone of the Italian industry.[67] This has produced a manufacturing sector often focused on the export of niche market and luxury products, that on one side is less capable of competing on quantity, but on the other side is more capable of facing the competition from emerging economies based on lower labor costs, with higher quality products.[68] The industrial districts are regionalized: in the Northwest there is a large modern group of industries, as in the so-called "Industrial Triangle" (Milan-Turin-Genoa), where there is an area of intense machinery, automotive, aerospace and naval production; in the Northeast and the Center, previously rural areas that experienced social and economic development around family-based firms, there are small enterprises of low technology but high craftsmanship, specialized in clothing, leather products, footwear, furniture, textiles, machine tools, spare parts, appliances, and jewellery; finally, in the less-developed South, the two forms exist side by side.[67][69]
Tertiary[edit]



This section is empty. You can help by adding to it. (February 2015)


Infrastructure[edit]
Energy and natural resources[edit]
Main article: Energy in Italy




Wind turbines in Varese Ligure.


In the early 1970s Italy was a major producer of pyrites (from the Tuscan Maremma), asbestos (from the Balangero mines), fluorite (found in Sicily), and salt. At the same time, it was self-sufficient in aluminum (from Gargano), sulfur (from Sicily), lead, and zinc (from Sardinia).[70] By the beginning of the 1990s, however, it had lost all its world-ranking positions and was no longer self-sufficient in those resources. There are no substantial deposits of iron, coal, or oil. Moderate natural gas reserves, mainly in the Po Valley and offshore Adriatic Sea, have been discovered in recent years and constitute the country's most important mineral resource. Italy is one of the world's leading producers of pumice, pozzolana, and feldspar.[70] Another mineral resource for which Italy is well-known is marble, especially the world-famous white Carrara marble from the Massa and Carrara quarries in Tuscany. Most raw materials needed for manufacturing and more than 80% of the country's energy sources are imported (99.7% of the solid fuels demand, 92.5% of oil, 91.2% of natural gas and 13% of electricity).[71][72] Due to its reliance on imports, Italians pay approximately 45% more than the EU average for electricity.[73]
Italy has managed four nuclear reactors until the 1980s, but in 1987, after the Chernobyl disaster, a large majority of Italians passed a referendum opting for phasing out nuclear power in Italy. The government responded by closing existing nuclear power plants and stopping work on projects underway, continuing to work to the nuclear energy program abroad. The national power company Enel operates seven nuclear reactors in Spain (through Endesa) and four in Slovakia (through Slovenské elektrárne),[74] and in 2005 made an agreement with Électricité de France for a nuclear reactor in France.[73] With these agreements, Italy has managed to access nuclear power and direct involvement in design, construction, and operation of the plants without placing reactors on Italian territory.[73]
In the last decade, Italy has become one of the world's largest producers of renewable energy, ranking as the third largest producer in the European Union after Germany and Sweden.[75] The country is also the world's second largest producer of energy from solar power.[76] Renewable sources account for the 27.5% of all electricity produced in Italy, with hydro alone reaching 12.6%, followed by solar at 5.7%, wind at 4.1%, bioenergy at 3.5%, and geothermal at 1.6%.[75] The rest of the national demand is covered by fossil fuels (38.2% natural gas, 13% coal, 8.4% oil) and by imports.[75]
Transport[edit]
Main article: Transport in Italy




Rome Fiumicino Airport in 2014 was the eighth-busiest airport in Europe.


Italy was the first country in the world to build motorways, the so-called "autostrade", reserved for motor vehicles. The Milano-Laghi motorway, connecting Milan to Varese and now parts of the A8 and A9 motorways, was devised by Piero Puricelli, a civil engineer and entrepreneur. He received the first authorization to build a public-utility fast road in 1921, and completed the construction between 1924 and 1926. By the end of the 1930s, over 400 kilometers of multi- and dual-single-lane motorways were constructed throughout Italy, linking cities and rural towns. Today there are 668,721 km of serviceable roads in Italy, including 6,661 km of motorways (mostly toll roads, national and local roads), state-owned but privately operated mainly by Atlantia company.
The railway network is also extensive, especially in the north, totalizing 16,862 km of which 69% are electrified and on which 4,937 locomotives and railcars circulate. It is the 12th largest in the world, and is operated by state-owned Ferrovie dello Stato, while the rail tracks and infrastructure are managed by Rete Ferroviaria Italiana. While a number of private railroads exist and provide mostly commuter-type services, the national railway also provides sophisticated high-speed rail service that joins the major cities. The Florence–Rome high-speed railway was the first high-speed line opened in Europe when more than half of it opened in 1977. In 1991 the TAV was created for the planning and construction of high-speed rail lines along Italy's most important and saturated transport routes (Milan-Rome-Naples and Turin-Milan-Venice). High-speed trains include ETR-class trains, with the Frecciarossa 1000 reaching 400 km/h.
There are approximately 130 airports in Italy, of which 99 have paved runways (including the two hubs of Leonardo Da Vinci International in Rome and Malpensa International in Milan), and 43 major seaports including the Port of Genoa, the country's largest and the third busiest by cargo tonnage in the Mediterranean Sea. The national inland waterway network comprises 1,477 km of navigable rivers and channels. In 2007 Italy maintained a civilian air fleet of about 389,000 units and a merchant fleet of 581 ships.[77]
Finance[edit]
Main article: List of banks in Italy
The origins of modern banking can be traced to medieval and early Renaissance Italy, to the rich cities like Florence, Lucca, Siena, Venice and Genoa. The Bardi and Peruzzi families dominated banking in 14th century Florence, establishing branches in many other parts of Europe.[78] One of the most famous Italian banks was the Medici Bank, set up by Giovanni di Bicci de' Medici in 1397.[79] The earliest known state deposit bank, the Bank of Saint George, was founded in 1407 in Genoa,[80] while Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena, founded in 1472, is the oldest surviving bank in the world. Today, among the financial services companies, UniCredit is one of the largest bank in Europe by capitalization and Assicurazioni Generali is second largest insurance group in the world by revenue after AXA.
This is a list of the major Italian banks and insurance groups ranked by total assets and gross premiums written.

As of 31 December 2013





Banks[60]

Rank
Company
Headquarter
Assets (€ mil.)


1
UniCredit
Milan
982,151


2
Intesa Sanpaolo
Turin
676,798


3
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena
Siena
197,943


4
Banco Popolare
Verona
123,743


5
UBI Banca
Bergamo
121,323


6
Banca Nazionale del Lavoro
Rome
84,892


7
Mediobanca
Milan
72,428


8
Banca Popolare dell'Emilia Romagna
Modena
61,266


9
Banca Popolare di Milano
Milan
49,257


10
Crédit Agricole–Cariparma Group
Parma
48,235





Insurance groups[60]

Rank
Company
Headquarter
Premiums (€ mil.)


1
Assicurazioni Generali
Trieste
62,535


2
Unipol (UnipolSai and other subsidiaries)
Bologna
16,673


3
Poste italiane (Poste Vita and Poste Assicura)
Rome
13,244


4
Intesa Sanpaolo (Intesa Sanpaolo Vita)
Turin
11,948


5
Allianz (Allianz S.p.A. only)
Trieste
7,296


6
Banca Mediolanum
Milan
4,596


7
Cattolica Assicurazioni
Verona
4,221


8
BNP Paribas's Italian subsidiary

4,174


9
Reale Mutua Assicurazioni
Turin
3,539


10
CNP Assurances–UniCredit (CNP UniCredit Vita)
Milan
2,562


11
Crédit Agricole (Crédit Agricole Vita)

2,213


12
Aviva (Aviva Italia Holding)
Milan
2,151


13
AXA's Italian subsidiary

1,872


14
Groupama's Italian subsidiary

1,484


15
Old Mutual (Old Mutual Wealth Italy)

1,201


16
Vittoria Assicurazioni
Milan
1,150


17
AXA-Banca MPS (AXA MPS Assicurazioni Danni, AXA MPS Assicurazioni Vita )

1,109


18
Covéa–Banca Popolare di Milano (Bipiemme Vita)

1,089


19
Banca Carige (Carige Vita Nuova)
Genoa
1,029


20
Zurich Insurance (Zurich Investment Life)

935





Poverty[edit]
In 2015, poverty in Italy hit the high levels in the previous 10 years. The level of absolute poverty for a 2 people family was 1050,95€/month. The poverty line per capita changed by region from 552,39€/month to 819,13€/month.The numbers of those in absolute poverty rose nearly an entire percent in 2015, from 6.8% in 2014, to 7.6% in 2015.[81] In the south of Italy the numbers are even higher with 10% living in absolute poverty, up from 9 percent in 2014. The north is better off at 6.7%, but still an increase from 5.7% in 2014.[81] The national statics reporting agency, ISTAT, defines absolute poverty as those who can’t buy goods and services which they need to survive. In 2015, the proportion of poor households in relative poverty also increased in 2015 to 13.7 from 12.9 in 2014. ISTAT defines relative poverty as people whose disposable income is less than around half the national average. The unemployment rate in February 2016 remained at 11.7%, which has been the same for almost a year, but even having a job doesn’t guarantee freedom from poverty.[82] Those who have at least one family employed still suffer from 6.1% to 11.7% poverty, the higher number being for those who have factory jobs. The numbers are even higher for the younger generations because their unemployment rate is over 40%. Also, children are hit hard. In 2014, 32% of those aged 0–17 are at risk of poverty or social exclusion, which is one child out of three. In the last ISTAT report poverty is in decline.[83]
References[edit]


^ "Italy". International Monetary Fund. Retrieved 29 June 2015. 
^ http://www.ilsole24ore.com/art/notizie/2017-06-01/pil-l-istat-rivede-rialzo-crescita-i-trimestre-04percento-12percento-anno--100105.shtml?uuid=AEJ7kyWB
^ http://www.ansa.it/sito/notizie/economia/2016/03/14/poverta-istat-in-2014-assoluta-per-147-mln-famiglie_5faaef89-d222-41dd-a04f-6f43459dbc0a.html.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "People at risk of poverty or social exclusion - Eurostat". Eurostat. December 2015. Retrieved 14 March 2016. 
^ "Gini coefficient of equivalised disposable income (source: SILC)". Luxembourg: Eurostat. 15 June 2017. Retrieved 24 June 2017. 
^ http://www.repubblica.it/economia/miojob/lavoro/2017/02/28/news/il_reddito_medio_degli_italiani_a_20_690_euro_bonus_80_euro_da_restituire_per_un_milione_e_700mila_persone-159456014/?ref=RHPPLF-BH-I0-C8-P1-S1.8-T1
^ "Ease of Doing Business in Italy". Doingbusiness.org. Retrieved 2017-01-25. 
^ https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/rankorder/2078rank.html#it
^ https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/rankorder/2087rank.html#it
^ "Biggest aid donors". BBC News. Retrieved 26 March 2009. 
^ "Sovereigns Rating List". Standard & Poor's. Retrieved 26 May 2011. 
^ Bufacchi, Isabella (16 October 2014). "Moody’s confirms stable outlook on Italy’s "Baa2" sovereign rating". Il Sole 24 Ore. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "Fitch Affirms Italy at 'BBB+'; Outlook Stable". Reuters. Retrieved 24 October 2014. 
^ "CIA World Factbook: Italy". CIA. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "The Economist Intelligence Unit’s quality-of-life index" (PDF). The Economist. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Stringa, Giovanni (5 January 2013). "Italia terza al mondo per riserve d'oro, per ogni cittadino dote di 1.650 euro". Corriere della Sera. Retrieved 6 February 2015. 
^ "Quel bilancio Ue poco equilibrato". Il Sole 24 Ore. 1 February 2013. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "Manufacturing statistics". Eurostat. November 2015. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ a b Woodard, Richard (19 March 2013). "Italian wine now 22% of global market". Decanter. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ [1]
^ Italy remains the third market for luxury goods
^ "Convergence between Eu countries and a gap at the territorial level between Italian regions". ISTAT. 19 October 2011. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ [2]
^ [3]
^ Ciccarelli, Carlo; Fenoaltea, Stefano (July 2010). "Through the Magnifying Glass: Provincial Aspects of Industrial Growth in Post-Unification Italy" (PDF). Banca d'Italia. p. 4. 
^ Cohen, Robin (1995). The Cambridge Survey of World Migration. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 114. ISBN 0-521-44405-5. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Clark, Martin (1984). Modern Italy, 1871-1982. New York: Longman. p. 186. ISBN 0-582-48361-1. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ a b c Knight, Patricia (2003). Mussolini and Fascism. New York: Routledge. pp. 64–65. ISBN 0-415-27921-6. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Welk, William G. (1938). Fascist Economy Policy: An Analysis of Italy's Economic Experiment. Cambridge: Harvard University Press. p. 166. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Morgan, Philip (2003). Italian Fascism, 1915-1945. Basingstoke: Macmillan Publishers. p. 160. ISBN 0-333-94998-6. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Lyttelton, Adrian (2002). Liberal and Fascist Italy, 1900-1945. Oxford: Oxford University Press. p. 13. ISBN 0-198-73198-1. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Tagliabue, John (11 August 2007). "Italian Pride Is Revived in a Tiny Fiat". The New York Times. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Hogan, Michael J. (1987). The Marshall Plan: America, Britain, and the reconstruction of Western Europe, 1947–1952. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. pp. 44–45. ISBN 0-521-37840-0. 
^ a b Crafts, Nicholas; Toniolo, Gianni (1996). Economic Growth in Europe Since 1945. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 428. ISBN 0-521-49627-6. 
^ Di Nolfo, Ennio (1992). Power in Europe? Great Britain, France, Germany, and Italy, and the Origins of the EEC, 1952–57. Berlin: Walter de Gruyter. p. 198. ISBN 3-11-012158-1. 
^ "Italy since 1945: Demographic and social change". Encyclopædia Britannica Online. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Vicarelli, Fausto; Sylla, Richard; Cairncross, Alec (1988). Central banks' independence in historical perspective. Berlin: Walter de Gruyter. p. 180. ISBN 978-3110114409. 
^ "Italy since 1945: The economy in the 1980s". Encyclopædia Britannica Online. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "L’Italia in 150 anni. Sommario di statistiche storiche 1861-2010". ISTAT. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ a b Vietor, Richard (1 April 2001). "Italy’s Economic Half-Miracle". Strategy&. Retrieved 8 October 2014. 
^ "Italian Stock Exchange: Main Indicators (1975-2012)". Borsa Italiana. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "Italy: General government gross debt (Percent of GDP)". International Monetary Fund. Retrieved 8 October 2014. 
^ Balcerowicz, Leszek (2013). Economic Growth in the European Union (PDF). Brussels: Lisbon Council. p. 13. ISBN 978-9-0902-7915-2. Retrieved 8 October 2014. 
^ ""Secular stagnation" in graphics". The Economist. 19 November 2014. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "Quarterly Growth Rates of real GDP, change over previous quarter". OECD. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Moody, Barry; Mackenzie, James (8 November 2011). "Berlusconi to resign after parliamentary setback". Reuters. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "General government gross debt". Eurostat. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Auret, Lisa (18 May 2010). "Could Italy Be Better Off than its Peers?". CNBC. Retrieved 30 May 2011. 
^ Sanderson, Rachel (10 January 2011). "Italian deficit narrows in third quarter". Financial Times. Retrieved 16 July 2011. 
^ Fonte, Giuseppe (25 September 2014). "Italy to cut 2014, 2015 GDP forecasts, hike deficit goals". Reuters. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Smith, Dennis M. (1997). Modern Italy: A Political History. Ann Arbor: University of Michigan Press. pp. 209–210. ISBN 978-0-472-10895-4. 
^ Newark, Tim (2007). Mafia Allies: The True Story of America's Secret Alliance with the Mob in World War II. London: MBI Publishing Company. pp. 123–135. ISBN 978-0-7603-2457-8. 
^ "Italy: The South". Encyclopædia Britannica Online. 3 February 2015. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Astarita, Tommaso (2005). Between Salt Water and Holy Water: A History of Southern Italy. New York: W. W. Norton & Company. ISBN 0-393-05864-6. 
^ Kiefer, Peter (22 October 2007). "Mafia crime is 7% of GDP in Italy, group reports". New York Times. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Addiopizzo (30 October 2014). "Report on the activity of "Addiopizzo Catania"" (PDF). European Parliament. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Kington, Tom (9 March 2008). "Shopkeepers revolt against Sicilian Mafia". The Guardian. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ "Gli investimenti delle mafie" (PDF). Programma Operativo Nazionale. Obiettivo Sud. 16 January 2013. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Haigh, Robert (18 February 2014). "Ferrari – The World’s Most Powerful Brand". Brand Finance. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ a b c "Leading Italian Companies". Mediobanca. October 2014. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Mehta, Stephanie (2014). "2014 Fortune Global 500". Fortune. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ a b "Global Wealth Databook 2013" (PDF). Credit Suisse. October 2013. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ "Global Wealth Report 2013" (PDF). Allianz. August 2013. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Kroll, Luisa; Dolan, Kerry A. (2014). "The Richest People On The Planet 2014". Fortune. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ a b "Regional GDP per capita in the EU in 2011" (PDF). Eurostat. 27 February 2014. Retrieved 7 March 2014. 
^ a b c d "Censimento Agricoltura 2010". ISTAT. 24 October 2010. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ a b Mignone, Mario B. (2008). Italy today: Facing the Challenges of the New Millennium. New York: Lang Publishing. pp. 161–162. ISBN 978-1-4331-0187-8. 
^ "Knowledge Economy Forum 2008: Innovative Small And Medium Enterprises Are Key To Europe & Central Asian Growth". World Bank. 19 May 2005. Retrieved 17 June 2008. 
^ Friedman, Jonathan (2003). Globalization, the State, and Violence. Lanham: Rowman & Littlefield. p. 97. ISBN 0-7591-0280-5. 
^ a b "Italy, the economy: Resources and power". Encyclopædia Britannica Online. 3 February 2015. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Eurostat (2008). "Energy, transport and environment indicators" (PDF). EU Bookshop. ISBN 978-92-79-09835-2. Retrieved 10 May 2009. 
^ Eurostat (2009). "Panorama of Energy" (PDF). EU Bookshop. ISBN 978-92-79-11151-8. Retrieved 10 May 2009. 
^ a b c "Emerging Nuclear Energy Countries". World Nuclear Association. December 2014. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ "Nuclear Production". Enel. 31 December 2013. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ a b c "Rapporto Statistico sugli Impianti a fonti rinnovabili" (PDF). Gestore dei Servizi Energetici. 19 December 2013. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ "International Energy Statistics". Energy Information Administration. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ Eurostat (2007). "Panorama of Transport" (PDF). European Commission. ISBN 978-92-79-04618-6. Retrieved 3 May 2009. 
^ Hoggson, Noble F. (1926). Banking Through the Ages. New York: Dodd, Mead and Company. p. 76. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ Goldthwaite, Richard A. (1995). Banks, Palaces, and Entrepreneurs in Renaissance Florence. Aldershot: Ashgate Publishing. ISBN 978-0-860-78484-5. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ Macesich, George (2000). Issues in Money and Banking. Westport: Greenwood Publishing Group. p. 42. ISBN 978-0-275-96777-2. Retrieved 12 March 2009. 
^ a b "Poverty in Italy" (PDF). http://www.istat.it/. Istats. Retrieved 1 December 2016.  External link in |website= (help)
^ "Unemployment by sex and age - monthly average". eurostat.ec. eurostat. Retrieved 2 December 2016. 
^ "Italy: tackling child poverty and overcoming the crisis - European Platform for Investing in Children (EPIC) - European Union". europa.eu. Europa. Retrieved 2 December 2016. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Economy of Italy.



OECD's Italy country website
Italy’s economy and economic policies, on the International Monetary Fund’s website
World Bank Trade Summary Statistics Italy 2013
Italian National Institute of Statistic (ISTAT)
Comprehensive current and historical economic data
Tariffs applied by Italy as provided by ITC's Market Access Map, an online database of customs tariffs and market requirements
Italy Gross Domestic Product (GDP) QoQ







v
t
e


Italy articles



History




Chronology



Prehistory

Italic peoples
Ancient Italian peoples
Pre-Nuragic Sardinia
Nuragic peoples


Etruscan Civilization
Nuragic Civilization
Phoenician / Carthaginian colonies
Magna Graecia
Ancient Rome

Kingdom
Republic
Empire


Middle Ages

Italy under Odoacer
Ostrogoths
Lombards
Regnum Italiae
Arabs
Normans
Guelphs and Ghibellines
Italian city-states
Maritime republics


Renaissance

Italian Wars


Early Modern period
Unification
Monarchy and the World Wars

Kingdom of Italy
Colonial Empire
World War I
Fascist Italy
World War II
Resistance
Civil War


Republic

Economic Boom
Years of Lead
Years of Mud
Mani pulite







By topic



Citizenship
Currency
Economy
Fashion
Flags
Genetic
Historic states
Military
Music
Postal
Railways











Geography







Peninsula
Northern

Northwest
Northeast


Central
Southern

South
Insular


Fauna
Flora
Volcanology

Volcanoes


Mountains

Prealps
Alps
Apennines


Beaches
Canals
Caves
Earthquakes
Islands
Lakes
National parks
Rivers
Valleys








Politics







Constitution
Elections
Referendums
Foreign relations

Missions


Judiciary
Law enforcement
Military
Parliament

Chamber of Deputies
Senate


Political parties
President
Prime Minister
Council of Ministers
Regions
Provinces
Metropolitan cities
Municipalities
Cities








Economy







Economic history

Milan
Naples
Rome
Turin


Regions by GDP
Automotive industry
Banking

Central Bank


Companies
Energy
Government debt
Science and technology
Stock exchange
Taxation
Telecommunications

Internet


Tourism
Trade unions
Transportation
Welfare








Society







Abortion
Adoption
Billionaires
Capital punishment
Corruption
Crime
Demographics
Education

Secondary
Higher
Universities


Emigration
Fathers' rights movement
Feminism
Gambling
Health
Healthcare
Immigration
LGBT rights
Nobility
Prostitution
Racism
Religion
Smoking
Social class
Terrorism
Women





Culture



Duecento
Trecento
Quattrocento
Cinquecento
Seicento
Settecento


Architecture
Art
Castles
Cinema
Cuisine

Wine


Decorations
Design
Fashion
Festivals
Folklore
Italophilia
Italophobia
Languages and dialects

Italian


Literature
Media

Newspapers
Radio
TV


Monuments
Mythology
Music

Classical
Folk
Opera
Popular


National symbols

Anthem
Emblem
Flag

Regions


Personification


People
Philosophy
Public holidays
Sculpture
Sport
Traditions
World Heritage Sites











 Italy portal
 WikiProject
 Commons
Quotes
 News
Travel
 Category












v
t
e


Economy of Italy




 Companies of Italy



Industry and business



Companies
Exports
Made in Italy
Automotive
Steel industry
Film
Fashion
Luxury Real Estate
Robotics





Research



ELETTRA
ENEA
Italian Space Agency (ASI)
Erzelli Hi-Tech Park
Istituto Italiano di Tecnologia





Energy



Renewable

Wind
Solar
Geothermal


Oil

Oil refineries







Infrastructure



Transport
Communications
Tourism





Taxation



Tax system





Finance and banking



Banking
Stock Exchange





Development



International rankings
Science and technology





Events



2006 Winter Olympics
Bologna Motor Show
Biennale di Venezia
Concorso d'Eleganza Villa d'Este
EICMA
Expo 2015
Euroflora
Fieracavalli
Genoa International Boat Show
Lucca Comics & Games
Salone Internazionale del Gusto
Salone Internazionale del Mobile di Milano
Settimana della moda
MICAM
Palio di Siena
Rome Film Festival
Venice Film Festival
Vinitaly








See also:  Category
Economy of Europe












v
t
e


Economy of Europe



Sovereign states



Albania
Andorra
Armenia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Belarus
Belgium
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Georgia
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Iceland
Ireland

Italy
Kazakhstan
Latvia
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malta
Moldova
Monaco
Montenegro
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russia
San Marino
Serbia
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Turkey
Ukraine
United Kingdom
Vatican City





States with limited
recognition



Abkhazia
Kosovo
Nagorno-Karabakh
Northern Cyprus
South Ossetia
Transnistria





Dependencies and
other entities



Åland
Faroe Islands
Gibraltar
Guernsey
Isle of Man
Jersey
Svalbard





Other entities



European Union












v
t
e


World Trade Organization



System



Accession and membership
Appellate Body
Dispute Settlement Body
International Trade Centre
Chronology of key events





Issues



Criticism
Doha Development Round
Singapore issues
Quota Elimination
Peace Clause





Agreements



General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
Agriculture
Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures
Technical Barriers to Trade
Trade Related Investment Measures
Trade in Services
Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights
Government Procurement
Information Technology
Marrakech Agreement
Doha Declaration
Bali Package





Ministerial
Conferences



1st (1996)
2nd (1998)
3rd (1999)
4th (2001)
5th (2003)
6th (2005)
7th (2009)
8th (2011)
9th (2013)
10th (2015)





People



Roberto Azevêdo (Director-General)
Pascal Lamy (former Director-General)
Supachai Panitchpakdi (former Director-General)
Deputy Directors-General:

Yonov Frederick Agah
Karl Brauner
David Shark
Yi Xiaozhun

former: Alejandro Jara
Valentine Rugwabiza
Harsha Singh
Rufus Yerxa









Members



Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
Angola
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belize
Benin
Bolivia
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Republic of the Congo
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Cuba
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
European Union¹
Fiji
Gabon
The Gambia
Georgia
Ghana
Grenada
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong²
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Israel
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
South Korea
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Lesotho
Liberia
Liechtenstein
Macau²
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Moldova
Mongolia
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nepal
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Qatar
Russia
Rwanda
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Suriname
Swaziland
Switzerland
Tajikistan
Taiwan³
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe


1. All twenty-eight member states of the European Union are also members of the WTO in their own right:

Austria
Belgium
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malta
Netherlands
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom


2. Special administrative regions of the People's Republic of China, participates as "Hong Kong, China" and "Macao China".
3. Officially the Republic of China, participates as "Separate Customs Territory of Taiwan, Penghu, Kinmen and Matsu", and "Chinese Taipei" in short.











v
t
e


Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD)



History



Convention on the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development
OECD Anti-Bribery Convention





Guidelines



Multinational Enterprises
Testing of Chemicals










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Economy_of_Italy&oldid=792129020"					
Categories: Economy of ItalyEconomic history of ItalyEuropean Union member economiesOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development member economiesWorld Trade Organization member economiesHidden categories: Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsCS1 errors: external linksUse dmy dates from April 2014Articles to be expanded from February 2015All articles to be expandedArticles with empty sections from February 2015All articles with empty sectionsArticles using small message boxes 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাБеларускаяБългарскиCatalàČeštinaEspañolفارسیFrançaisGalegoIdoItalianoქართულიLietuviųMagyarمصرىBahasa MelayuOccitanPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийShqipSuomiУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 17:03.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Economy of Italy - Wikipedia






















 






Economy of Italy

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Economy of Italy


Milan is the financial centre of Italy



Currency
Euro (EUR), except in Campione d'Italia (CHF)



Fiscal year

calendar year



Trade organisations

European Union, WTO, OECD, AIIB


Statistics


GDP
$1.850,735 trillion (nominal, 2016); $2.234,500 trillion (PPP, 2016)[1]


GDP rank
8th (nominal) / 12th (PPP)



GDP growth

 +0.4% Q1 2017,+1.2% acquired 2017 [2]



GDP per capita

$30,507 (nominal, 2016);
$36,833 (PPP, 2016)



GDP by sector

services (74%), industry (24%), agriculture (2%)



Inflation (CPI)

 +1.2% (June 2017)



Population below poverty line

5.7% in poverty, 2014;[3] 24.7% at risk of poverty or social exclusion, 2014[4]



Gini coefficient

0.324 (2015)[5]



Labour force

 25.7 million



Labour force by occupation

services (68%), industry (28%), agriculture (4%)


Unemployment
 11.1% May 2017



Average gross salary


€20,690 ($23,260), yearly (+1.3%) (2016)
[6] (as gross income and not gross wage)



Main industries

iron and steel, cement, chemicals, plastics, production machinery, motor vehicles, shipbuilding, space and aircraft, machine tools, communications, medical apparatus, pharmaceuticals, food and beverages processing, textiles, clothing, fashion, home appliances, tourism



Ease-of-doing-business rank

50th (2017)[7]


External


Exports
 $436.3 billion (2016)[8]



Export goods

engineering products; electrical equipment; vehicles, aircraft and vessels; base metals and steel; textiles, clothing and footwear; chemicals; food and beverages; precious metals; optical and medical apparatus; stone, cement and glass products; paper



Main export partners

 Germany 12.6%
 France 11.1%
 United States 6.8%
  Switzerland 5.7%
 United Kingdom 4.7%
 Spain 4.4%


Imports
 $372.2 billion (2016)[9]



Import goods

minerals; engineering products; chemicals; motor vehicles; base metals; plastics; textiles



Main import partners

 Germany 14.7%
 France 8.4%
 China 8.4%
 Russia 6.3%
 Netherlands 5.8%
 Spain 4.5%



FDI stock

$0.7 trillion



Gross external debt

 $2.6 trillion


Public finances



Public debt

 131% of GDP


Revenues
$1.0 trillion


Expenses
$1.1 trillion


Economic aid
Donor: $2.5 billion, 0.15% of GDP[10]



Credit rating

Standard & Poor's: BBB+[11]
Outlook: Stable
Moody's: BAA2[12]
Outlook: Stable
Fitch: BBB+[13]
Outlook: Stable



Foreign reserves

$0.2 trillion



Main data source: CIA World Fact Book
All values, unless otherwise stated, are in US dollars.



The economy of Italy is the 3rd-largest national economy in the eurozone, the 8th-largest by nominal GDP in the world, and the 12th-largest by GDP (PPP). The country is a founding member of the European Union, the Eurozone, the OECD, the G7 and the G20. Italy is the eighth largest exporter in the world with $514 billion exported in 2016. Its closest trade ties are with the other countries of the European Union, with whom it conducts about 59% of its total trade. The largest trading partners, in order of market share, are Germany (12.6%), France (11.1%), United States (6.8%), Switzerland (5.7%), United Kingdom (4.7%), and Spain (4.4%).[14]
In the post-war period, Italy was transformed from an agricultural based economy which had been severely affected by the consequences of the World Wars, into one of the world's most industrialized nations, and a leading country in world trade and exports. According to the Human Development Index, the country enjoys a very high standard of living, and has the world's 8th highest quality of life according to The Economist.[15] Italy owns the world's third-largest gold reserve,[16] and is the third net contributor to the budget of the European Union.[17] The country is also well known for its influential and innovative business economic sector, an industrious (Italy is the second largest manufacturer in Europe[18] behind Germany) and competitive agricultural sector (Italy is the world's largest wine producer),[19] and for its creative and high-quality automobile, naval, industrial, appliance and fashion design. Italy is the largest market for luxury goods in Europe (third in the world) and the country's private wealth is one of the largest in the world.[20][21]
Despite these important achievements, the country's economy today suffers from structural and non-structural problems. After strong GDP growth in 1945–1990, the last two decades' average annual growth rates were below the EU average with Italy being hit particularly hard by the late-2000s recession. The stagnation in economic growth, and the political efforts to revive it with massive government spending from the 1980s onwards, eventually produced a severe rise in public debt. In addition, Italian living standards have a considerable North–South divide: the average GDP per capita in Northern and Central Italy significantly exceeds the EU average, while some regions and provinces in Southern Italy are dramatically below.[22]
In recent years, Italy's GDP per capita growth slowly returned to the level of its major partners[23] while its employment rate still lags behind due to a large number of undeclared workers (estimated between 10% and 20% of the labour force) counted among the inactive or the unemployed.[24]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Fascist era
1.2 Post-war economic miracle
1.3 From growth to stagnation
1.4 Great Recession


2 Overview

2.1 North–South divide
2.2 Companies
2.3 Wealth
2.4 Regional data


3 Economic sectors

3.1 Primary
3.2 Secondary
3.3 Tertiary


4 Infrastructure

4.1 Energy and natural resources
4.2 Transport


5 Finance
6 Poverty
7 References
8 External links



History[edit]
Main article: Economic history of Italy




Terni steel mills in 1912.


After the unification, industrialization was largely artisanal, and located in the former political capitals; factory industry was instead attracted by the waterfalls of the subalpine Northwest. From the 1880s, as modernization accelerated, industry concentrated in the Lombard and Piedmontese provinces with the boom in textiles, then particularly in Turin and Milan with the engineering boom; and in Liguria's Genoa, which captured civil and naval shipbuilding.[25]
The diffusion of the industrialization process that characterized the northern and central parts of the country starting from the 1880s, completely excluded large areas in the Northeast and in Southern Italy. The resulting Italian diaspora concerned nearly 26 million Italians, the most part immigrated in the period 1880–1914, and it is considered the biggest mass migration of contemporary times.[26] During the Great War, the Italian Royal Army increased in size, with 5 million recruits in total entering service during the war.[27] This came at a terrible cost: by the end of the war, Italy had lost 700,000 soldiers and had a budget deficit of billions of lira.
Fascist era[edit]
Main article: Economy of Italy under fascism




Achille Starace and Italo Balbo visit Alfa Romeo.


Italy emerged from World War I in a poor and weakened condition. The National Fascist Party of Benito Mussolini came to power in 1922, at the end of a period of social unrest. However, once Mussolini acquired a firmer hold of power, laissez-faire and free trade were progressively abandoned in favour of government intervention and protectionism.[28]
In 1929, Italy was hit hard by the Great Depression.[29] Trying to handle the crisis, the Fascist government nationalized the holdings of large banks which had accrued significant industrial securities, establishing the Istituto per la Ricostruzione Industriale.[30] A number of mixed entities were formed, whose purpose it was to bring together representatives of the government and of the major businesses. These representatives discussed economic policy and manipulated prices and wages so as to satisfy both the wishes of the government and the wishes of business.[28]
This economic model based on a partnership between government and business was soon extended to the political sphere, in what came to be known as corporatism. At the same time, the aggressive foreign policy of Mussolini led to an increasing military expenditure. After the invasion of Ethiopia, Italy intervened to support Franco's nationalists in the Spanish Civil War. By 1939, Italy had the highest percentage of state-owned enterprises after the Soviet Union.[28]
Italy's involvement in World War II as a member of the Axis powers required the establishment of a war economy. The Allied invasion of Italy in 1943 eventually caused the Italian political structure – and the economy – to rapidly collapse. The Allies, on the one hand, and the Germans on the other, took over the administration of the areas of Italy under their control. By the end of the war, Italian per capita income was at its lowest point since the beginning of the 20th century.[31]
Post-war economic miracle[edit]
Main article: Italian economic miracle




The Fiat 500, launched in 1957, is considered a symbol of Italy's postwar economic miracle.[32]


After the end of World War II, Italy was in rubble and occupied by foreign armies, a condition that worsened the chronic development gap towards the more advanced European economies. However, the new geopolitical logic of the Cold War made possible that the former enemy Italy, a hinge-country between Western Europe and the Mediterranean, and now a new, fragile democracy threatened by the NATO occupation forces, the proximity of the Iron Curtain and the presence of a strong Communist party,[33] was considered by the USA as an important ally for the Free World, and received under the Marshall Plan US$1,204 million from 1947-51.
The end of aid through the Plan could have stopped the recovery but it coincided with a crucial point in the Korean War whose demand for metal and manufactured products was a further stimulus of Italian industrial production. In addition, the creation in 1957 of the European Common Market, with Italy as a founding member, provided more investment and eased exports.[34]
These favorable developments, combined with the presence of a large labour force, laid the foundation for spectacular economic growth that lasted almost uninterrupted until the "Hot Autumn's" massive strikes and social unrest of 1969–70, which then combined with the later 1973 oil crisis and put an abrupt end to the prolonged boom. It has been calculated that the Italian economy experienced an average rate of growth of GDP of 5.8% per year between 1951–63, and 5% per year between 1964–73.[34] Italian rates of growth were second only, but very close, to the German rates, in Europe, and among the OEEC countries only Japan had been doing better.[35]
From growth to stagnation[edit]




Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti (far left) with G7 leaders in Bonn, 1978.


The 1970s were a period of economic, political turmoil and social unrest in Italy, known as Years of Lead. Unemployment rose sharply, especially among the young, and by 1977 there were one million unemployed people under age 24. Inflation continued, aggravated by the increases in the price of oil in 1973 and 1979. The budget deficit became permanent and intractable, averaging about 10 percent of the gross domestic product (GDP), higher than any other industrial country. The lira fell steadily, from 560 lira to the U.S. dollar in 1973 to 1,400 lira in 1982.[36]
The economic recession went on into the mid-1980s until a set of reforms led to the independence of the Bank of Italy[37] and a big reduction of the indexation of wages[38] that strongly reduced inflation rates, from 20.6% in 1980 to 4.7% in 1987.[39] The new macroeconomic and political stability resulted in a second, export-led "economic miracle", based on small and medium-sized enterprises, producing clothing, leather products, shoes, furniture, textiles, jewelry, and machine tools. As a result of this rapid expansion, in 1987 Italy overtook the British economy (an event known as il sorpasso), becoming the sixth in the world.[40] The Milan stock exchange increased its market capitalization more than fivefold in the space of a few years.[41]




GDP per capita big four Western Europe.


However, the Italian economy of the 1980s presented a problem: it was booming, thanks to increased productivity and surging exports, but unsustainable fiscal deficits drove the growth.[40] In the 1990s, the new Maastricht criteria boosted the urge to curb the public debt, already at 104% of GDP in 1992.[42] The consequent restrictive economic policies worsened the impact of the global recession already underway. After a brief recover at the end of the 1990s, high tax rates and red tape caused the country to stagnate between 2000 and 2008.[43][44]
Great Recession[edit]
Italy was hit hard by the Great Recession and the subsequent European debt crisis. The national economy shrunk by 6.76% during the whole period, totalizing seven-quarters of recession.[45] In November 2011 the Italian bond yield was 6.74 percent for 10-year bonds, nearing a 7 percent level where Italy is thought to lose access to financial markets.[46] According to Eurostat, in 2015 the Italian government debt stood at 128% of GDP, ranking as the second biggest debt ratio after Greece (with 175%).[47] However, the biggest chunk of Italian public debt is owned by Italian nationals [48] and relatively high levels of private savings and low levels of private indebtedness are seen as making it the safest among Europe's struggling economies.[49] As a result of austerity measures, Italy is targeting a public budget deficit of 2.8% in 2015, remaining inside the European Union's 3 percent ceiling.[50]
Overview[edit]
North–South divide[edit]




European Regional Development Fund 2007–2013: Southern Italy is almost all classified under the Convergence objective (GDP per capita less than 75% of the EU average).


Since the unification of Italy in 1861, a wide and increasing economic divide has been noticeably growing between the northern provinces and the southern half of the Italian state. In the early decades of the new kingdom, the lack of an effective land reform, heavy taxes and other economic measures imposed on the South, together with the removal of protectionist tariffs on agricultural goods, made the situation virtually impossible for many tenant farmers and land owners. Multitudes chose to emigrate rather than try to eke out a meager living, especially from 1892 to 1921.[51]
In addition, the surge of brigandage and the Mafia provoked widespread violence, corruption and illegality. After the rise of Benito Mussolini, the "Iron Prefect" Cesare Mori tried to defeat the already powerful criminal organizations flourishing in the South with some degree of success. Fascist policy aimed at the creation of an Italian empire and Southern Italian ports were strategic for all commerce towards the colonies. With the invasion of Southern Italy, the Allies restored the authority of the mafia families, lost during the Fascist period, and used their influence to maintain public order.[52]
In the 1950s the Cassa per il Mezzogiorno was set up as a huge public master plan to help industrialize the South, aiming to do this in two ways: through land reforms creating 120,000 new smallholdings, and through the "Growth Pole Strategy" whereby 60% of all government investment would go to the South, thus boosting the Southern economy by attracting new capital, stimulating local firms, and providing employment. However, the objectives were largely missed, and as a result the South became increasingly subsidized and state dependent, incapable of generating private growth itself.[53]
Even at present, huge regional disparities persist. Problems in Southern Italy still include widespread political corruption, pervasive organized crime, and very high unemployment rates.[54] In 2007, it was estimated that about 80% of the businesses in the Sicilian cities of Catania and Palermo paid protection money;[55] thanks to grassroots movement like Addiopizzo, the mafia racket is slowly but constantly losing its verve.[56][57] The Italian Ministry of Interior reported that organized crime generated an estimated annual profit of €13 billion.[58]
Companies[edit]
Further information: List of companies of Italy




Ferrari is the world's most powerful brand according to the Global 500 annual study published by Brand Finance in 2014.[59]


The country's major companies by sector are: Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, CNH Industrial, Ducati, Piaggio (motor vehicles); Pirelli (tyre manufacturing); Enel, Edison, A2A, Terna (energy); Eni (petrochemicals); Candy, Indesit, De'Longhi (home appliances); Leonardo that has absorbed its subsidiary companies Alenia Aermacchi, AgustaWestland and Oto Melara (defence); Avio, Telespazio (space); Beretta, Benelli (firearms); Armani, Versace, Dolce & Gabbana, Gucci, Benetton, Diesel, Prada, Luxottica, YOOX (fashion); Ferrero, Barilla, Autogrill, Perfetti Van Melle, Campari, Parmalat (food&beverages); Techint, Lucchini, Gruppo Riva, Danieli (steel); Prysmian, Salini Impregilo, Italcementi, Buzzi Unicem, Astaldi (construction); STMicroelectronics (electronics); Telecom Italia, Mediaset (communications); Assicurazioni Generali, Unipol (insurance); UniCredit, Intesa Sanpaolo (banking); Ferrari, Maserati, Lamborghini (luxury vehicles); Fincantieri, Ferretti, Azimut (shipbuilding).[60]
Of the world's 500 largest stock-market-listed companies measured by revenue in 2014, the Fortune Global 500, these are headquartered in Italy.[61]


Rank
Company
Headquarter
Main sector


22
Eni
Rome
Petroleum


24
Exor
Turin
Automotive


48
Assicurazioni Generali
Trieste
Insurance


56
Enel
Rome
Electric Utility


200
Intesa Sanpaolo
Turin
Banking


204
UniCredit
Milan
Banking


319
Telecom Italia
Rome
Telecommunications


336
Poste italiane
Rome
Postal services


439
Unipol
Bologna
Insurance


Wealth[edit]
Further information: List of Italian billionaires




The owner of confectionery manufacturer Ferrero, Michele Ferrero, was the richest Italian in 2014.


Italy has over 1.4 million people with a net wealth greater than $1 million, a total national wealth of $11.857 trillion, and represents the 5th largest cumulative net wealth globally (it accounts for 4.92% of the net wealth in the world).[62] According to the Credit Suisse's Global Wealth Databook 2013, the median wealth per adult is $138,653 (5th in the world),[62] while according to the Allianz's Global Wealth Report 2013, the net financial wealth per capita is €45,770 (13th in the world).[63]
The following top 10 list of Italian billionaires is based on an annual assessment of wealth and assets compiled and published by Forbes in 2014.[64]


Rank
Name
Net Worth ($ bil.)
Main source


31
Michele Ferrero
23.2
Ferrero


37
Leonardo Del Vecchio
20.2
Luxottica


100
Stefano Pessina
11.8
Walgreens Boots Alliance


176
Silvio Berlusconi
7.5
Fininvest


179
Giorgio Armani
7.4
Armani


245
Augusto & Giorgio Perfetti
5.9
Perfetti Van Melle


285
Paolo & Gianfelice Rocca
5.1
Techint


358
Miuccia Prada
4.4
Prada


359
Patrizio Bertelli
4.4
Prada


558
Renzo Rosso
3.1
Diesel


Regional data[edit]
Further information: List of Italian regions by GDP




Gross domestic product per capita at PPP in 2010, by NUTS-2 regions in the European Union.






The labour productivity levels in Europe in 2012. Italy is at the same level of the UK and Finland.



2011 Gross Domestic Product in Italy (2014 data)[65]

NUTS-1 region
€ mil.
€ per cap.
% of the EU average


North-Western Italy
511,484
31,700
124


North-Eastern Italy
364,560
31,200
122


Central Italy
340,669
28,400
111


Southern Italy
243,895
17,200
67


Insular Italy
117,031
17,400
68



2011 Gross Domestic Product in Italy (2014 data)[65]

Region
€ mil.
€ per cap.
NUTS-1 region


Abruzzo
7004300730000000000♠30,073
7004224000000000000♠22,400
South


Aosta Valley[a]
7003432800000000000♠4,328
7004337000000000000♠33,700
North-West


Apulia
7004699740000000000♠69,974
7004171000000000000♠17,100
South


Basilicata
7004107440000000000♠10,744
7004183000000000000♠18,300
South


Calabria
7004330550000000000♠33,055
7004164000000000000♠16,400
South


Campania
7004936350000000000♠93,635
7004160000000000000♠16,000
South


Emilia-Romagna
7005142609000000000♠142,609
7004321000000000000♠32,100
North-East


Friuli-Venezia Giulia[a]
7004366280000000000♠36,628
7004296000000000000♠29,600
North-East


Lazio
7005172246000000000♠172,246
7004300000000000000♠30,000
Centre


Liguria
7004439980000000000♠43,998
7004272000000000000♠27,200
North-West


Lombardy
7005337161000000000♠337,161
7004339000000000000♠33,900
North-West


Marche
7004408770000000000♠40,877
7004261000000000000♠26,100
Centre


Molise
7003641400000000000♠6,414
7004201000000000000♠20,100
South


Piedmont
7005125997000000000♠125,997
7004282000000000000♠28,200
North-West


Sardinia[a]
7004330750000000000♠33,075
7004197000000000000♠19,700
Islands


Sicily[a]
7004839560000000000♠83,956
7004166000000000000♠16,600
Islands


Tuscany
7005106013000000000♠106,013
7004282000000000000♠28,200
Centre


Trentino-South Tyrol[a]
7004357970000000000♠35,797
7004343000000000000♠34,300
North-East


Umbria
7004215330000000000♠21,533
7004237000000000000♠23,700
Centre


Veneto
7005149527000000000♠149,527
7004302000000000000♠30,200
North-East


^a The autonomous regions with special statute have several financial privileges.
Economic sectors[edit]
Primary[edit]




Vineyards near Certaldo, Tuscany. Italy is the world's top wine producer (22% of global market).[19]


According to the last national agricultural census, there were 1.6 million farms in 2010 (-32.4% since 2000) covering 12.7 million hectares (63% of which are located in Southern Italy).[66] The vast majority (99%) are family-operated and small, averaging only 8 hectares in size.[66] Of the total surface area in agricultural use (forestry excluded), grain fields take up 31%, olive tree orchards 8.2%, vineyards 5.4%, citrus orchards 3.8%, sugar beets 1.7%, and horticulture 2.4%. The remainder is primarily dedicated to pastures (25.9%) and feed grains (11.6%).[66] The northern part of Italy produces primarily maize corn, rice, sugar beets, soybeans, meat, fruits and dairy products, while the South specializes in wheat and citrus fruits. Livestock includes 6 million head of cattle, 8.6 million head of swine, 6.8 million head of sheep, and 0.9 million head of goats.[66] The total annual production of the fishing industry in Italy from capture and aquaculture, including crustaceans and molluscs, stood at 480 tons.
Italy is the first largest producer of wine in the world, and one of the leading in olive oil, fruits (apples, olives, grapes, oranges, lemons, pears, apricots, hazelnuts, peaches, cherries, plums, strawberries and kiwifruits), and vegetables (especially artichokes and tomatoes). The most famous Italian wines are probably the Tuscan Chianti and the Piedmontese Barolo. Other famous wines are Barbaresco, Barbera d'Asti, Brunello di Montalcino, Frascati, Montepulciano d'Abruzzo, Morellino di Scansano, and the sparkling wines Franciacorta and Prosecco. Quality goods in which Italy specialises, particularly the already mentioned wines and regional cheeses, are often protected under the quality assurance labels DOC/DOP. This geographical indication certificate, which is attributed by the European Union, is considered important in order to avoid confusion with low-quality mass-produced ersatz products.
Secondary[edit]




Italy's Product Exports Treemap in 2014 from Harvard Atlas of Economic Complexity.


Italy has a smaller number of global multinational corporations than other economies of comparable size, but there is a large number of small and medium-sized enterprises, many of them grouped in clusters, which are the backbone of the Italian industry.[67] This has produced a manufacturing sector often focused on the export of niche market and luxury products, that on one side is less capable of competing on quantity, but on the other side is more capable of facing the competition from emerging economies based on lower labor costs, with higher quality products.[68] The industrial districts are regionalized: in the Northwest there is a large modern group of industries, as in the so-called "Industrial Triangle" (Milan-Turin-Genoa), where there is an area of intense machinery, automotive, aerospace and naval production; in the Northeast and the Center, previously rural areas that experienced social and economic development around family-based firms, there are small enterprises of low technology but high craftsmanship, specialized in clothing, leather products, footwear, furniture, textiles, machine tools, spare parts, appliances, and jewellery; finally, in the less-developed South, the two forms exist side by side.[67][69]
Tertiary[edit]



This section is empty. You can help by adding to it. (February 2015)


Infrastructure[edit]
Energy and natural resources[edit]
Main article: Energy in Italy




Wind turbines in Varese Ligure.


In the early 1970s Italy was a major producer of pyrites (from the Tuscan Maremma), asbestos (from the Balangero mines), fluorite (found in Sicily), and salt. At the same time, it was self-sufficient in aluminum (from Gargano), sulfur (from Sicily), lead, and zinc (from Sardinia).[70] By the beginning of the 1990s, however, it had lost all its world-ranking positions and was no longer self-sufficient in those resources. There are no substantial deposits of iron, coal, or oil. Moderate natural gas reserves, mainly in the Po Valley and offshore Adriatic Sea, have been discovered in recent years and constitute the country's most important mineral resource. Italy is one of the world's leading producers of pumice, pozzolana, and feldspar.[70] Another mineral resource for which Italy is well-known is marble, especially the world-famous white Carrara marble from the Massa and Carrara quarries in Tuscany. Most raw materials needed for manufacturing and more than 80% of the country's energy sources are imported (99.7% of the solid fuels demand, 92.5% of oil, 91.2% of natural gas and 13% of electricity).[71][72] Due to its reliance on imports, Italians pay approximately 45% more than the EU average for electricity.[73]
Italy has managed four nuclear reactors until the 1980s, but in 1987, after the Chernobyl disaster, a large majority of Italians passed a referendum opting for phasing out nuclear power in Italy. The government responded by closing existing nuclear power plants and stopping work on projects underway, continuing to work to the nuclear energy program abroad. The national power company Enel operates seven nuclear reactors in Spain (through Endesa) and four in Slovakia (through Slovenské elektrárne),[74] and in 2005 made an agreement with Électricité de France for a nuclear reactor in France.[73] With these agreements, Italy has managed to access nuclear power and direct involvement in design, construction, and operation of the plants without placing reactors on Italian territory.[73]
In the last decade, Italy has become one of the world's largest producers of renewable energy, ranking as the third largest producer in the European Union after Germany and Sweden.[75] The country is also the world's second largest producer of energy from solar power.[76] Renewable sources account for the 27.5% of all electricity produced in Italy, with hydro alone reaching 12.6%, followed by solar at 5.7%, wind at 4.1%, bioenergy at 3.5%, and geothermal at 1.6%.[75] The rest of the national demand is covered by fossil fuels (38.2% natural gas, 13% coal, 8.4% oil) and by imports.[75]
Transport[edit]
Main article: Transport in Italy




Rome Fiumicino Airport in 2014 was the eighth-busiest airport in Europe.


Italy was the first country in the world to build motorways, the so-called "autostrade", reserved for motor vehicles. The Milano-Laghi motorway, connecting Milan to Varese and now parts of the A8 and A9 motorways, was devised by Piero Puricelli, a civil engineer and entrepreneur. He received the first authorization to build a public-utility fast road in 1921, and completed the construction between 1924 and 1926. By the end of the 1930s, over 400 kilometers of multi- and dual-single-lane motorways were constructed throughout Italy, linking cities and rural towns. Today there are 668,721 km of serviceable roads in Italy, including 6,661 km of motorways (mostly toll roads, national and local roads), state-owned but privately operated mainly by Atlantia company.
The railway network is also extensive, especially in the north, totalizing 16,862 km of which 69% are electrified and on which 4,937 locomotives and railcars circulate. It is the 12th largest in the world, and is operated by state-owned Ferrovie dello Stato, while the rail tracks and infrastructure are managed by Rete Ferroviaria Italiana. While a number of private railroads exist and provide mostly commuter-type services, the national railway also provides sophisticated high-speed rail service that joins the major cities. The Florence–Rome high-speed railway was the first high-speed line opened in Europe when more than half of it opened in 1977. In 1991 the TAV was created for the planning and construction of high-speed rail lines along Italy's most important and saturated transport routes (Milan-Rome-Naples and Turin-Milan-Venice). High-speed trains include ETR-class trains, with the Frecciarossa 1000 reaching 400 km/h.
There are approximately 130 airports in Italy, of which 99 have paved runways (including the two hubs of Leonardo Da Vinci International in Rome and Malpensa International in Milan), and 43 major seaports including the Port of Genoa, the country's largest and the third busiest by cargo tonnage in the Mediterranean Sea. The national inland waterway network comprises 1,477 km of navigable rivers and channels. In 2007 Italy maintained a civilian air fleet of about 389,000 units and a merchant fleet of 581 ships.[77]
Finance[edit]
Main article: List of banks in Italy
The origins of modern banking can be traced to medieval and early Renaissance Italy, to the rich cities like Florence, Lucca, Siena, Venice and Genoa. The Bardi and Peruzzi families dominated banking in 14th century Florence, establishing branches in many other parts of Europe.[78] One of the most famous Italian banks was the Medici Bank, set up by Giovanni di Bicci de' Medici in 1397.[79] The earliest known state deposit bank, the Bank of Saint George, was founded in 1407 in Genoa,[80] while Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena, founded in 1472, is the oldest surviving bank in the world. Today, among the financial services companies, UniCredit is one of the largest bank in Europe by capitalization and Assicurazioni Generali is second largest insurance group in the world by revenue after AXA.
This is a list of the major Italian banks and insurance groups ranked by total assets and gross premiums written.

As of 31 December 2013





Banks[60]

Rank
Company
Headquarter
Assets (€ mil.)


1
UniCredit
Milan
982,151


2
Intesa Sanpaolo
Turin
676,798


3
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena
Siena
197,943


4
Banco Popolare
Verona
123,743


5
UBI Banca
Bergamo
121,323


6
Banca Nazionale del Lavoro
Rome
84,892


7
Mediobanca
Milan
72,428


8
Banca Popolare dell'Emilia Romagna
Modena
61,266


9
Banca Popolare di Milano
Milan
49,257


10
Crédit Agricole–Cariparma Group
Parma
48,235





Insurance groups[60]

Rank
Company
Headquarter
Premiums (€ mil.)


1
Assicurazioni Generali
Trieste
62,535


2
Unipol (UnipolSai and other subsidiaries)
Bologna
16,673


3
Poste italiane (Poste Vita and Poste Assicura)
Rome
13,244


4
Intesa Sanpaolo (Intesa Sanpaolo Vita)
Turin
11,948


5
Allianz (Allianz S.p.A. only)
Trieste
7,296


6
Banca Mediolanum
Milan
4,596


7
Cattolica Assicurazioni
Verona
4,221


8
BNP Paribas's Italian subsidiary

4,174


9
Reale Mutua Assicurazioni
Turin
3,539


10
CNP Assurances–UniCredit (CNP UniCredit Vita)
Milan
2,562


11
Crédit Agricole (Crédit Agricole Vita)

2,213


12
Aviva (Aviva Italia Holding)
Milan
2,151


13
AXA's Italian subsidiary

1,872


14
Groupama's Italian subsidiary

1,484


15
Old Mutual (Old Mutual Wealth Italy)

1,201


16
Vittoria Assicurazioni
Milan
1,150


17
AXA-Banca MPS (AXA MPS Assicurazioni Danni, AXA MPS Assicurazioni Vita )

1,109


18
Covéa–Banca Popolare di Milano (Bipiemme Vita)

1,089


19
Banca Carige (Carige Vita Nuova)
Genoa
1,029


20
Zurich Insurance (Zurich Investment Life)

935





Poverty[edit]
In 2015, poverty in Italy hit the high levels in the previous 10 years. The level of absolute poverty for a 2 people family was 1050,95€/month. The poverty line per capita changed by region from 552,39€/month to 819,13€/month.The numbers of those in absolute poverty rose nearly an entire percent in 2015, from 6.8% in 2014, to 7.6% in 2015.[81] In the south of Italy the numbers are even higher with 10% living in absolute poverty, up from 9 percent in 2014. The north is better off at 6.7%, but still an increase from 5.7% in 2014.[81] The national statics reporting agency, ISTAT, defines absolute poverty as those who can’t buy goods and services which they need to survive. In 2015, the proportion of poor households in relative poverty also increased in 2015 to 13.7 from 12.9 in 2014. ISTAT defines relative poverty as people whose disposable income is less than around half the national average. The unemployment rate in February 2016 remained at 11.7%, which has been the same for almost a year, but even having a job doesn’t guarantee freedom from poverty.[82] Those who have at least one family employed still suffer from 6.1% to 11.7% poverty, the higher number being for those who have factory jobs. The numbers are even higher for the younger generations because their unemployment rate is over 40%. Also, children are hit hard. In 2014, 32% of those aged 0–17 are at risk of poverty or social exclusion, which is one child out of three. In the last ISTAT report poverty is in decline.[83]
References[edit]


^ "Italy". International Monetary Fund. Retrieved 29 June 2015. 
^ http://www.ilsole24ore.com/art/notizie/2017-06-01/pil-l-istat-rivede-rialzo-crescita-i-trimestre-04percento-12percento-anno--100105.shtml?uuid=AEJ7kyWB
^ http://www.ansa.it/sito/notizie/economia/2016/03/14/poverta-istat-in-2014-assoluta-per-147-mln-famiglie_5faaef89-d222-41dd-a04f-6f43459dbc0a.html.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "People at risk of poverty or social exclusion - Eurostat". Eurostat. December 2015. Retrieved 14 March 2016. 
^ "Gini coefficient of equivalised disposable income (source: SILC)". Luxembourg: Eurostat. 15 June 2017. Retrieved 24 June 2017. 
^ http://www.repubblica.it/economia/miojob/lavoro/2017/02/28/news/il_reddito_medio_degli_italiani_a_20_690_euro_bonus_80_euro_da_restituire_per_un_milione_e_700mila_persone-159456014/?ref=RHPPLF-BH-I0-C8-P1-S1.8-T1
^ "Ease of Doing Business in Italy". Doingbusiness.org. Retrieved 2017-01-25. 
^ https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/rankorder/2078rank.html#it
^ https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/rankorder/2087rank.html#it
^ "Biggest aid donors". BBC News. Retrieved 26 March 2009. 
^ "Sovereigns Rating List". Standard & Poor's. Retrieved 26 May 2011. 
^ Bufacchi, Isabella (16 October 2014). "Moody’s confirms stable outlook on Italy’s "Baa2" sovereign rating". Il Sole 24 Ore. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "Fitch Affirms Italy at 'BBB+'; Outlook Stable". Reuters. Retrieved 24 October 2014. 
^ "CIA World Factbook: Italy". CIA. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "The Economist Intelligence Unit’s quality-of-life index" (PDF). The Economist. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Stringa, Giovanni (5 January 2013). "Italia terza al mondo per riserve d'oro, per ogni cittadino dote di 1.650 euro". Corriere della Sera. Retrieved 6 February 2015. 
^ "Quel bilancio Ue poco equilibrato". Il Sole 24 Ore. 1 February 2013. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "Manufacturing statistics". Eurostat. November 2015. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ a b Woodard, Richard (19 March 2013). "Italian wine now 22% of global market". Decanter. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ [1]
^ Italy remains the third market for luxury goods
^ "Convergence between Eu countries and a gap at the territorial level between Italian regions". ISTAT. 19 October 2011. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ [2]
^ [3]
^ Ciccarelli, Carlo; Fenoaltea, Stefano (July 2010). "Through the Magnifying Glass: Provincial Aspects of Industrial Growth in Post-Unification Italy" (PDF). Banca d'Italia. p. 4. 
^ Cohen, Robin (1995). The Cambridge Survey of World Migration. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 114. ISBN 0-521-44405-5. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Clark, Martin (1984). Modern Italy, 1871-1982. New York: Longman. p. 186. ISBN 0-582-48361-1. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ a b c Knight, Patricia (2003). Mussolini and Fascism. New York: Routledge. pp. 64–65. ISBN 0-415-27921-6. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Welk, William G. (1938). Fascist Economy Policy: An Analysis of Italy's Economic Experiment. Cambridge: Harvard University Press. p. 166. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Morgan, Philip (2003). Italian Fascism, 1915-1945. Basingstoke: Macmillan Publishers. p. 160. ISBN 0-333-94998-6. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Lyttelton, Adrian (2002). Liberal and Fascist Italy, 1900-1945. Oxford: Oxford University Press. p. 13. ISBN 0-198-73198-1. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Tagliabue, John (11 August 2007). "Italian Pride Is Revived in a Tiny Fiat". The New York Times. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Hogan, Michael J. (1987). The Marshall Plan: America, Britain, and the reconstruction of Western Europe, 1947–1952. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. pp. 44–45. ISBN 0-521-37840-0. 
^ a b Crafts, Nicholas; Toniolo, Gianni (1996). Economic Growth in Europe Since 1945. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 428. ISBN 0-521-49627-6. 
^ Di Nolfo, Ennio (1992). Power in Europe? Great Britain, France, Germany, and Italy, and the Origins of the EEC, 1952–57. Berlin: Walter de Gruyter. p. 198. ISBN 3-11-012158-1. 
^ "Italy since 1945: Demographic and social change". Encyclopædia Britannica Online. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Vicarelli, Fausto; Sylla, Richard; Cairncross, Alec (1988). Central banks' independence in historical perspective. Berlin: Walter de Gruyter. p. 180. ISBN 978-3110114409. 
^ "Italy since 1945: The economy in the 1980s". Encyclopædia Britannica Online. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "L’Italia in 150 anni. Sommario di statistiche storiche 1861-2010". ISTAT. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ a b Vietor, Richard (1 April 2001). "Italy’s Economic Half-Miracle". Strategy&. Retrieved 8 October 2014. 
^ "Italian Stock Exchange: Main Indicators (1975-2012)". Borsa Italiana. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "Italy: General government gross debt (Percent of GDP)". International Monetary Fund. Retrieved 8 October 2014. 
^ Balcerowicz, Leszek (2013). Economic Growth in the European Union (PDF). Brussels: Lisbon Council. p. 13. ISBN 978-9-0902-7915-2. Retrieved 8 October 2014. 
^ ""Secular stagnation" in graphics". The Economist. 19 November 2014. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "Quarterly Growth Rates of real GDP, change over previous quarter". OECD. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Moody, Barry; Mackenzie, James (8 November 2011). "Berlusconi to resign after parliamentary setback". Reuters. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "General government gross debt". Eurostat. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Auret, Lisa (18 May 2010). "Could Italy Be Better Off than its Peers?". CNBC. Retrieved 30 May 2011. 
^ Sanderson, Rachel (10 January 2011). "Italian deficit narrows in third quarter". Financial Times. Retrieved 16 July 2011. 
^ Fonte, Giuseppe (25 September 2014). "Italy to cut 2014, 2015 GDP forecasts, hike deficit goals". Reuters. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Smith, Dennis M. (1997). Modern Italy: A Political History. Ann Arbor: University of Michigan Press. pp. 209–210. ISBN 978-0-472-10895-4. 
^ Newark, Tim (2007). Mafia Allies: The True Story of America's Secret Alliance with the Mob in World War II. London: MBI Publishing Company. pp. 123–135. ISBN 978-0-7603-2457-8. 
^ "Italy: The South". Encyclopædia Britannica Online. 3 February 2015. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Astarita, Tommaso (2005). Between Salt Water and Holy Water: A History of Southern Italy. New York: W. W. Norton & Company. ISBN 0-393-05864-6. 
^ Kiefer, Peter (22 October 2007). "Mafia crime is 7% of GDP in Italy, group reports". New York Times. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Addiopizzo (30 October 2014). "Report on the activity of "Addiopizzo Catania"" (PDF). European Parliament. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Kington, Tom (9 March 2008). "Shopkeepers revolt against Sicilian Mafia". The Guardian. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ "Gli investimenti delle mafie" (PDF). Programma Operativo Nazionale. Obiettivo Sud. 16 January 2013. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Haigh, Robert (18 February 2014). "Ferrari – The World’s Most Powerful Brand". Brand Finance. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ a b c "Leading Italian Companies". Mediobanca. October 2014. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Mehta, Stephanie (2014). "2014 Fortune Global 500". Fortune. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ a b "Global Wealth Databook 2013" (PDF). Credit Suisse. October 2013. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ "Global Wealth Report 2013" (PDF). Allianz. August 2013. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Kroll, Luisa; Dolan, Kerry A. (2014). "The Richest People On The Planet 2014". Fortune. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ a b "Regional GDP per capita in the EU in 2011" (PDF). Eurostat. 27 February 2014. Retrieved 7 March 2014. 
^ a b c d "Censimento Agricoltura 2010". ISTAT. 24 October 2010. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ a b Mignone, Mario B. (2008). Italy today: Facing the Challenges of the New Millennium. New York: Lang Publishing. pp. 161–162. ISBN 978-1-4331-0187-8. 
^ "Knowledge Economy Forum 2008: Innovative Small And Medium Enterprises Are Key To Europe & Central Asian Growth". World Bank. 19 May 2005. Retrieved 17 June 2008. 
^ Friedman, Jonathan (2003). Globalization, the State, and Violence. Lanham: Rowman & Littlefield. p. 97. ISBN 0-7591-0280-5. 
^ a b "Italy, the economy: Resources and power". Encyclopædia Britannica Online. 3 February 2015. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Eurostat (2008). "Energy, transport and environment indicators" (PDF). EU Bookshop. ISBN 978-92-79-09835-2. Retrieved 10 May 2009. 
^ Eurostat (2009). "Panorama of Energy" (PDF). EU Bookshop. ISBN 978-92-79-11151-8. Retrieved 10 May 2009. 
^ a b c "Emerging Nuclear Energy Countries". World Nuclear Association. December 2014. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ "Nuclear Production". Enel. 31 December 2013. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ a b c "Rapporto Statistico sugli Impianti a fonti rinnovabili" (PDF). Gestore dei Servizi Energetici. 19 December 2013. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ "International Energy Statistics". Energy Information Administration. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ Eurostat (2007). "Panorama of Transport" (PDF). European Commission. ISBN 978-92-79-04618-6. Retrieved 3 May 2009. 
^ Hoggson, Noble F. (1926). Banking Through the Ages. New York: Dodd, Mead and Company. p. 76. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ Goldthwaite, Richard A. (1995). Banks, Palaces, and Entrepreneurs in Renaissance Florence. Aldershot: Ashgate Publishing. ISBN 978-0-860-78484-5. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ Macesich, George (2000). Issues in Money and Banking. Westport: Greenwood Publishing Group. p. 42. ISBN 978-0-275-96777-2. Retrieved 12 March 2009. 
^ a b "Poverty in Italy" (PDF). http://www.istat.it/. Istats. Retrieved 1 December 2016.  External link in |website= (help)
^ "Unemployment by sex and age - monthly average". eurostat.ec. eurostat. Retrieved 2 December 2016. 
^ "Italy: tackling child poverty and overcoming the crisis - European Platform for Investing in Children (EPIC) - European Union". europa.eu. Europa. Retrieved 2 December 2016. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Economy of Italy.



OECD's Italy country website
Italy’s economy and economic policies, on the International Monetary Fund’s website
World Bank Trade Summary Statistics Italy 2013
Italian National Institute of Statistic (ISTAT)
Comprehensive current and historical economic data
Tariffs applied by Italy as provided by ITC's Market Access Map, an online database of customs tariffs and market requirements
Italy Gross Domestic Product (GDP) QoQ







v
t
e


Italy articles



History




Chronology



Prehistory

Italic peoples
Ancient Italian peoples
Pre-Nuragic Sardinia
Nuragic peoples


Etruscan Civilization
Nuragic Civilization
Phoenician / Carthaginian colonies
Magna Graecia
Ancient Rome

Kingdom
Republic
Empire


Middle Ages

Italy under Odoacer
Ostrogoths
Lombards
Regnum Italiae
Arabs
Normans
Guelphs and Ghibellines
Italian city-states
Maritime republics


Renaissance

Italian Wars


Early Modern period
Unification
Monarchy and the World Wars

Kingdom of Italy
Colonial Empire
World War I
Fascist Italy
World War II
Resistance
Civil War


Republic

Economic Boom
Years of Lead
Years of Mud
Mani pulite







By topic



Citizenship
Currency
Economy
Fashion
Flags
Genetic
Historic states
Military
Music
Postal
Railways











Geography







Peninsula
Northern

Northwest
Northeast


Central
Southern

South
Insular


Fauna
Flora
Volcanology

Volcanoes


Mountains

Prealps
Alps
Apennines


Beaches
Canals
Caves
Earthquakes
Islands
Lakes
National parks
Rivers
Valleys








Politics







Constitution
Elections
Referendums
Foreign relations

Missions


Judiciary
Law enforcement
Military
Parliament

Chamber of Deputies
Senate


Political parties
President
Prime Minister
Council of Ministers
Regions
Provinces
Metropolitan cities
Municipalities
Cities








Economy







Economic history

Milan
Naples
Rome
Turin


Regions by GDP
Automotive industry
Banking

Central Bank


Companies
Energy
Government debt
Science and technology
Stock exchange
Taxation
Telecommunications

Internet


Tourism
Trade unions
Transportation
Welfare








Society







Abortion
Adoption
Billionaires
Capital punishment
Corruption
Crime
Demographics
Education

Secondary
Higher
Universities


Emigration
Fathers' rights movement
Feminism
Gambling
Health
Healthcare
Immigration
LGBT rights
Nobility
Prostitution
Racism
Religion
Smoking
Social class
Terrorism
Women





Culture



Duecento
Trecento
Quattrocento
Cinquecento
Seicento
Settecento


Architecture
Art
Castles
Cinema
Cuisine

Wine


Decorations
Design
Fashion
Festivals
Folklore
Italophilia
Italophobia
Languages and dialects

Italian


Literature
Media

Newspapers
Radio
TV


Monuments
Mythology
Music

Classical
Folk
Opera
Popular


National symbols

Anthem
Emblem
Flag

Regions


Personification


People
Philosophy
Public holidays
Sculpture
Sport
Traditions
World Heritage Sites











 Italy portal
 WikiProject
 Commons
Quotes
 News
Travel
 Category












v
t
e


Economy of Italy




 Companies of Italy



Industry and business



Companies
Exports
Made in Italy
Automotive
Steel industry
Film
Fashion
Luxury Real Estate
Robotics





Research



ELETTRA
ENEA
Italian Space Agency (ASI)
Erzelli Hi-Tech Park
Istituto Italiano di Tecnologia





Energy



Renewable

Wind
Solar
Geothermal


Oil

Oil refineries







Infrastructure



Transport
Communications
Tourism





Taxation



Tax system





Finance and banking



Banking
Stock Exchange





Development



International rankings
Science and technology





Events



2006 Winter Olympics
Bologna Motor Show
Biennale di Venezia
Concorso d'Eleganza Villa d'Este
EICMA
Expo 2015
Euroflora
Fieracavalli
Genoa International Boat Show
Lucca Comics & Games
Salone Internazionale del Gusto
Salone Internazionale del Mobile di Milano
Settimana della moda
MICAM
Palio di Siena
Rome Film Festival
Venice Film Festival
Vinitaly








See also:  Category
Economy of Europe












v
t
e


Economy of Europe



Sovereign states



Albania
Andorra
Armenia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Belarus
Belgium
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Georgia
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Iceland
Ireland

Italy
Kazakhstan
Latvia
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malta
Moldova
Monaco
Montenegro
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russia
San Marino
Serbia
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Turkey
Ukraine
United Kingdom
Vatican City





States with limited
recognition



Abkhazia
Kosovo
Nagorno-Karabakh
Northern Cyprus
South Ossetia
Transnistria





Dependencies and
other entities



Åland
Faroe Islands
Gibraltar
Guernsey
Isle of Man
Jersey
Svalbard





Other entities



European Union












v
t
e


World Trade Organization



System



Accession and membership
Appellate Body
Dispute Settlement Body
International Trade Centre
Chronology of key events





Issues



Criticism
Doha Development Round
Singapore issues
Quota Elimination
Peace Clause





Agreements



General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
Agriculture
Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures
Technical Barriers to Trade
Trade Related Investment Measures
Trade in Services
Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights
Government Procurement
Information Technology
Marrakech Agreement
Doha Declaration
Bali Package





Ministerial
Conferences



1st (1996)
2nd (1998)
3rd (1999)
4th (2001)
5th (2003)
6th (2005)
7th (2009)
8th (2011)
9th (2013)
10th (2015)





People



Roberto Azevêdo (Director-General)
Pascal Lamy (former Director-General)
Supachai Panitchpakdi (former Director-General)
Deputy Directors-General:

Yonov Frederick Agah
Karl Brauner
David Shark
Yi Xiaozhun

former: Alejandro Jara
Valentine Rugwabiza
Harsha Singh
Rufus Yerxa









Members



Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
Angola
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belize
Benin
Bolivia
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Republic of the Congo
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Cuba
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
European Union¹
Fiji
Gabon
The Gambia
Georgia
Ghana
Grenada
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong²
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Israel
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
South Korea
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Lesotho
Liberia
Liechtenstein
Macau²
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Moldova
Mongolia
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nepal
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Qatar
Russia
Rwanda
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Suriname
Swaziland
Switzerland
Tajikistan
Taiwan³
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe


1. All twenty-eight member states of the European Union are also members of the WTO in their own right:

Austria
Belgium
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malta
Netherlands
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom


2. Special administrative regions of the People's Republic of China, participates as "Hong Kong, China" and "Macao China".
3. Officially the Republic of China, participates as "Separate Customs Territory of Taiwan, Penghu, Kinmen and Matsu", and "Chinese Taipei" in short.











v
t
e


Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD)



History



Convention on the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development
OECD Anti-Bribery Convention





Guidelines



Multinational Enterprises
Testing of Chemicals










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Economy_of_Italy&oldid=792129020"					
Categories: Economy of ItalyEconomic history of ItalyEuropean Union member economiesOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development member economiesWorld Trade Organization member economiesHidden categories: Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsCS1 errors: external linksUse dmy dates from April 2014Articles to be expanded from February 2015All articles to be expandedArticles with empty sections from February 2015All articles with empty sectionsArticles using small message boxes 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাБеларускаяБългарскиCatalàČeštinaEspañolفارسیFrançaisGalegoIdoItalianoქართულიLietuviųMagyarمصرىBahasa MelayuOccitanPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийShqipSuomiУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 17:03.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Economy of Italy - Wikipedia






















 






Economy of Italy

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Economy of Italy


Milan is the financial centre of Italy



Currency
Euro (EUR), except in Campione d'Italia (CHF)



Fiscal year

calendar year



Trade organisations

European Union, WTO, OECD, AIIB


Statistics


GDP
$1.850,735 trillion (nominal, 2016); $2.234,500 trillion (PPP, 2016)[1]


GDP rank
8th (nominal) / 12th (PPP)



GDP growth

 +0.4% Q1 2017,+1.2% acquired 2017 [2]



GDP per capita

$30,507 (nominal, 2016);
$36,833 (PPP, 2016)



GDP by sector

services (74%), industry (24%), agriculture (2%)



Inflation (CPI)

 +1.2% (June 2017)



Population below poverty line

5.7% in poverty, 2014;[3] 24.7% at risk of poverty or social exclusion, 2014[4]



Gini coefficient

0.324 (2015)[5]



Labour force

 25.7 million



Labour force by occupation

services (68%), industry (28%), agriculture (4%)


Unemployment
 11.1% May 2017



Average gross salary


€20,690 ($23,260), yearly (+1.3%) (2016)
[6] (as gross income and not gross wage)



Main industries

iron and steel, cement, chemicals, plastics, production machinery, motor vehicles, shipbuilding, space and aircraft, machine tools, communications, medical apparatus, pharmaceuticals, food and beverages processing, textiles, clothing, fashion, home appliances, tourism



Ease-of-doing-business rank

50th (2017)[7]


External


Exports
 $436.3 billion (2016)[8]



Export goods

engineering products; electrical equipment; vehicles, aircraft and vessels; base metals and steel; textiles, clothing and footwear; chemicals; food and beverages; precious metals; optical and medical apparatus; stone, cement and glass products; paper



Main export partners

 Germany 12.6%
 France 11.1%
 United States 6.8%
  Switzerland 5.7%
 United Kingdom 4.7%
 Spain 4.4%


Imports
 $372.2 billion (2016)[9]



Import goods

minerals; engineering products; chemicals; motor vehicles; base metals; plastics; textiles



Main import partners

 Germany 14.7%
 France 8.4%
 China 8.4%
 Russia 6.3%
 Netherlands 5.8%
 Spain 4.5%



FDI stock

$0.7 trillion



Gross external debt

 $2.6 trillion


Public finances



Public debt

 131% of GDP


Revenues
$1.0 trillion


Expenses
$1.1 trillion


Economic aid
Donor: $2.5 billion, 0.15% of GDP[10]



Credit rating

Standard & Poor's: BBB+[11]
Outlook: Stable
Moody's: BAA2[12]
Outlook: Stable
Fitch: BBB+[13]
Outlook: Stable



Foreign reserves

$0.2 trillion



Main data source: CIA World Fact Book
All values, unless otherwise stated, are in US dollars.



The economy of Italy is the 3rd-largest national economy in the eurozone, the 8th-largest by nominal GDP in the world, and the 12th-largest by GDP (PPP). The country is a founding member of the European Union, the Eurozone, the OECD, the G7 and the G20. Italy is the eighth largest exporter in the world with $514 billion exported in 2016. Its closest trade ties are with the other countries of the European Union, with whom it conducts about 59% of its total trade. The largest trading partners, in order of market share, are Germany (12.6%), France (11.1%), United States (6.8%), Switzerland (5.7%), United Kingdom (4.7%), and Spain (4.4%).[14]
In the post-war period, Italy was transformed from an agricultural based economy which had been severely affected by the consequences of the World Wars, into one of the world's most industrialized nations, and a leading country in world trade and exports. According to the Human Development Index, the country enjoys a very high standard of living, and has the world's 8th highest quality of life according to The Economist.[15] Italy owns the world's third-largest gold reserve,[16] and is the third net contributor to the budget of the European Union.[17] The country is also well known for its influential and innovative business economic sector, an industrious (Italy is the second largest manufacturer in Europe[18] behind Germany) and competitive agricultural sector (Italy is the world's largest wine producer),[19] and for its creative and high-quality automobile, naval, industrial, appliance and fashion design. Italy is the largest market for luxury goods in Europe (third in the world) and the country's private wealth is one of the largest in the world.[20][21]
Despite these important achievements, the country's economy today suffers from structural and non-structural problems. After strong GDP growth in 1945–1990, the last two decades' average annual growth rates were below the EU average with Italy being hit particularly hard by the late-2000s recession. The stagnation in economic growth, and the political efforts to revive it with massive government spending from the 1980s onwards, eventually produced a severe rise in public debt. In addition, Italian living standards have a considerable North–South divide: the average GDP per capita in Northern and Central Italy significantly exceeds the EU average, while some regions and provinces in Southern Italy are dramatically below.[22]
In recent years, Italy's GDP per capita growth slowly returned to the level of its major partners[23] while its employment rate still lags behind due to a large number of undeclared workers (estimated between 10% and 20% of the labour force) counted among the inactive or the unemployed.[24]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Fascist era
1.2 Post-war economic miracle
1.3 From growth to stagnation
1.4 Great Recession


2 Overview

2.1 North–South divide
2.2 Companies
2.3 Wealth
2.4 Regional data


3 Economic sectors

3.1 Primary
3.2 Secondary
3.3 Tertiary


4 Infrastructure

4.1 Energy and natural resources
4.2 Transport


5 Finance
6 Poverty
7 References
8 External links



History[edit]
Main article: Economic history of Italy




Terni steel mills in 1912.


After the unification, industrialization was largely artisanal, and located in the former political capitals; factory industry was instead attracted by the waterfalls of the subalpine Northwest. From the 1880s, as modernization accelerated, industry concentrated in the Lombard and Piedmontese provinces with the boom in textiles, then particularly in Turin and Milan with the engineering boom; and in Liguria's Genoa, which captured civil and naval shipbuilding.[25]
The diffusion of the industrialization process that characterized the northern and central parts of the country starting from the 1880s, completely excluded large areas in the Northeast and in Southern Italy. The resulting Italian diaspora concerned nearly 26 million Italians, the most part immigrated in the period 1880–1914, and it is considered the biggest mass migration of contemporary times.[26] During the Great War, the Italian Royal Army increased in size, with 5 million recruits in total entering service during the war.[27] This came at a terrible cost: by the end of the war, Italy had lost 700,000 soldiers and had a budget deficit of billions of lira.
Fascist era[edit]
Main article: Economy of Italy under fascism




Achille Starace and Italo Balbo visit Alfa Romeo.


Italy emerged from World War I in a poor and weakened condition. The National Fascist Party of Benito Mussolini came to power in 1922, at the end of a period of social unrest. However, once Mussolini acquired a firmer hold of power, laissez-faire and free trade were progressively abandoned in favour of government intervention and protectionism.[28]
In 1929, Italy was hit hard by the Great Depression.[29] Trying to handle the crisis, the Fascist government nationalized the holdings of large banks which had accrued significant industrial securities, establishing the Istituto per la Ricostruzione Industriale.[30] A number of mixed entities were formed, whose purpose it was to bring together representatives of the government and of the major businesses. These representatives discussed economic policy and manipulated prices and wages so as to satisfy both the wishes of the government and the wishes of business.[28]
This economic model based on a partnership between government and business was soon extended to the political sphere, in what came to be known as corporatism. At the same time, the aggressive foreign policy of Mussolini led to an increasing military expenditure. After the invasion of Ethiopia, Italy intervened to support Franco's nationalists in the Spanish Civil War. By 1939, Italy had the highest percentage of state-owned enterprises after the Soviet Union.[28]
Italy's involvement in World War II as a member of the Axis powers required the establishment of a war economy. The Allied invasion of Italy in 1943 eventually caused the Italian political structure – and the economy – to rapidly collapse. The Allies, on the one hand, and the Germans on the other, took over the administration of the areas of Italy under their control. By the end of the war, Italian per capita income was at its lowest point since the beginning of the 20th century.[31]
Post-war economic miracle[edit]
Main article: Italian economic miracle




The Fiat 500, launched in 1957, is considered a symbol of Italy's postwar economic miracle.[32]


After the end of World War II, Italy was in rubble and occupied by foreign armies, a condition that worsened the chronic development gap towards the more advanced European economies. However, the new geopolitical logic of the Cold War made possible that the former enemy Italy, a hinge-country between Western Europe and the Mediterranean, and now a new, fragile democracy threatened by the NATO occupation forces, the proximity of the Iron Curtain and the presence of a strong Communist party,[33] was considered by the USA as an important ally for the Free World, and received under the Marshall Plan US$1,204 million from 1947-51.
The end of aid through the Plan could have stopped the recovery but it coincided with a crucial point in the Korean War whose demand for metal and manufactured products was a further stimulus of Italian industrial production. In addition, the creation in 1957 of the European Common Market, with Italy as a founding member, provided more investment and eased exports.[34]
These favorable developments, combined with the presence of a large labour force, laid the foundation for spectacular economic growth that lasted almost uninterrupted until the "Hot Autumn's" massive strikes and social unrest of 1969–70, which then combined with the later 1973 oil crisis and put an abrupt end to the prolonged boom. It has been calculated that the Italian economy experienced an average rate of growth of GDP of 5.8% per year between 1951–63, and 5% per year between 1964–73.[34] Italian rates of growth were second only, but very close, to the German rates, in Europe, and among the OEEC countries only Japan had been doing better.[35]
From growth to stagnation[edit]




Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti (far left) with G7 leaders in Bonn, 1978.


The 1970s were a period of economic, political turmoil and social unrest in Italy, known as Years of Lead. Unemployment rose sharply, especially among the young, and by 1977 there were one million unemployed people under age 24. Inflation continued, aggravated by the increases in the price of oil in 1973 and 1979. The budget deficit became permanent and intractable, averaging about 10 percent of the gross domestic product (GDP), higher than any other industrial country. The lira fell steadily, from 560 lira to the U.S. dollar in 1973 to 1,400 lira in 1982.[36]
The economic recession went on into the mid-1980s until a set of reforms led to the independence of the Bank of Italy[37] and a big reduction of the indexation of wages[38] that strongly reduced inflation rates, from 20.6% in 1980 to 4.7% in 1987.[39] The new macroeconomic and political stability resulted in a second, export-led "economic miracle", based on small and medium-sized enterprises, producing clothing, leather products, shoes, furniture, textiles, jewelry, and machine tools. As a result of this rapid expansion, in 1987 Italy overtook the British economy (an event known as il sorpasso), becoming the sixth in the world.[40] The Milan stock exchange increased its market capitalization more than fivefold in the space of a few years.[41]




GDP per capita big four Western Europe.


However, the Italian economy of the 1980s presented a problem: it was booming, thanks to increased productivity and surging exports, but unsustainable fiscal deficits drove the growth.[40] In the 1990s, the new Maastricht criteria boosted the urge to curb the public debt, already at 104% of GDP in 1992.[42] The consequent restrictive economic policies worsened the impact of the global recession already underway. After a brief recover at the end of the 1990s, high tax rates and red tape caused the country to stagnate between 2000 and 2008.[43][44]
Great Recession[edit]
Italy was hit hard by the Great Recession and the subsequent European debt crisis. The national economy shrunk by 6.76% during the whole period, totalizing seven-quarters of recession.[45] In November 2011 the Italian bond yield was 6.74 percent for 10-year bonds, nearing a 7 percent level where Italy is thought to lose access to financial markets.[46] According to Eurostat, in 2015 the Italian government debt stood at 128% of GDP, ranking as the second biggest debt ratio after Greece (with 175%).[47] However, the biggest chunk of Italian public debt is owned by Italian nationals [48] and relatively high levels of private savings and low levels of private indebtedness are seen as making it the safest among Europe's struggling economies.[49] As a result of austerity measures, Italy is targeting a public budget deficit of 2.8% in 2015, remaining inside the European Union's 3 percent ceiling.[50]
Overview[edit]
North–South divide[edit]




European Regional Development Fund 2007–2013: Southern Italy is almost all classified under the Convergence objective (GDP per capita less than 75% of the EU average).


Since the unification of Italy in 1861, a wide and increasing economic divide has been noticeably growing between the northern provinces and the southern half of the Italian state. In the early decades of the new kingdom, the lack of an effective land reform, heavy taxes and other economic measures imposed on the South, together with the removal of protectionist tariffs on agricultural goods, made the situation virtually impossible for many tenant farmers and land owners. Multitudes chose to emigrate rather than try to eke out a meager living, especially from 1892 to 1921.[51]
In addition, the surge of brigandage and the Mafia provoked widespread violence, corruption and illegality. After the rise of Benito Mussolini, the "Iron Prefect" Cesare Mori tried to defeat the already powerful criminal organizations flourishing in the South with some degree of success. Fascist policy aimed at the creation of an Italian empire and Southern Italian ports were strategic for all commerce towards the colonies. With the invasion of Southern Italy, the Allies restored the authority of the mafia families, lost during the Fascist period, and used their influence to maintain public order.[52]
In the 1950s the Cassa per il Mezzogiorno was set up as a huge public master plan to help industrialize the South, aiming to do this in two ways: through land reforms creating 120,000 new smallholdings, and through the "Growth Pole Strategy" whereby 60% of all government investment would go to the South, thus boosting the Southern economy by attracting new capital, stimulating local firms, and providing employment. However, the objectives were largely missed, and as a result the South became increasingly subsidized and state dependent, incapable of generating private growth itself.[53]
Even at present, huge regional disparities persist. Problems in Southern Italy still include widespread political corruption, pervasive organized crime, and very high unemployment rates.[54] In 2007, it was estimated that about 80% of the businesses in the Sicilian cities of Catania and Palermo paid protection money;[55] thanks to grassroots movement like Addiopizzo, the mafia racket is slowly but constantly losing its verve.[56][57] The Italian Ministry of Interior reported that organized crime generated an estimated annual profit of €13 billion.[58]
Companies[edit]
Further information: List of companies of Italy




Ferrari is the world's most powerful brand according to the Global 500 annual study published by Brand Finance in 2014.[59]


The country's major companies by sector are: Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, CNH Industrial, Ducati, Piaggio (motor vehicles); Pirelli (tyre manufacturing); Enel, Edison, A2A, Terna (energy); Eni (petrochemicals); Candy, Indesit, De'Longhi (home appliances); Leonardo that has absorbed its subsidiary companies Alenia Aermacchi, AgustaWestland and Oto Melara (defence); Avio, Telespazio (space); Beretta, Benelli (firearms); Armani, Versace, Dolce & Gabbana, Gucci, Benetton, Diesel, Prada, Luxottica, YOOX (fashion); Ferrero, Barilla, Autogrill, Perfetti Van Melle, Campari, Parmalat (food&beverages); Techint, Lucchini, Gruppo Riva, Danieli (steel); Prysmian, Salini Impregilo, Italcementi, Buzzi Unicem, Astaldi (construction); STMicroelectronics (electronics); Telecom Italia, Mediaset (communications); Assicurazioni Generali, Unipol (insurance); UniCredit, Intesa Sanpaolo (banking); Ferrari, Maserati, Lamborghini (luxury vehicles); Fincantieri, Ferretti, Azimut (shipbuilding).[60]
Of the world's 500 largest stock-market-listed companies measured by revenue in 2014, the Fortune Global 500, these are headquartered in Italy.[61]


Rank
Company
Headquarter
Main sector


22
Eni
Rome
Petroleum


24
Exor
Turin
Automotive


48
Assicurazioni Generali
Trieste
Insurance


56
Enel
Rome
Electric Utility


200
Intesa Sanpaolo
Turin
Banking


204
UniCredit
Milan
Banking


319
Telecom Italia
Rome
Telecommunications


336
Poste italiane
Rome
Postal services


439
Unipol
Bologna
Insurance


Wealth[edit]
Further information: List of Italian billionaires




The owner of confectionery manufacturer Ferrero, Michele Ferrero, was the richest Italian in 2014.


Italy has over 1.4 million people with a net wealth greater than $1 million, a total national wealth of $11.857 trillion, and represents the 5th largest cumulative net wealth globally (it accounts for 4.92% of the net wealth in the world).[62] According to the Credit Suisse's Global Wealth Databook 2013, the median wealth per adult is $138,653 (5th in the world),[62] while according to the Allianz's Global Wealth Report 2013, the net financial wealth per capita is €45,770 (13th in the world).[63]
The following top 10 list of Italian billionaires is based on an annual assessment of wealth and assets compiled and published by Forbes in 2014.[64]


Rank
Name
Net Worth ($ bil.)
Main source


31
Michele Ferrero
23.2
Ferrero


37
Leonardo Del Vecchio
20.2
Luxottica


100
Stefano Pessina
11.8
Walgreens Boots Alliance


176
Silvio Berlusconi
7.5
Fininvest


179
Giorgio Armani
7.4
Armani


245
Augusto & Giorgio Perfetti
5.9
Perfetti Van Melle


285
Paolo & Gianfelice Rocca
5.1
Techint


358
Miuccia Prada
4.4
Prada


359
Patrizio Bertelli
4.4
Prada


558
Renzo Rosso
3.1
Diesel


Regional data[edit]
Further information: List of Italian regions by GDP




Gross domestic product per capita at PPP in 2010, by NUTS-2 regions in the European Union.






The labour productivity levels in Europe in 2012. Italy is at the same level of the UK and Finland.



2011 Gross Domestic Product in Italy (2014 data)[65]

NUTS-1 region
€ mil.
€ per cap.
% of the EU average


North-Western Italy
511,484
31,700
124


North-Eastern Italy
364,560
31,200
122


Central Italy
340,669
28,400
111


Southern Italy
243,895
17,200
67


Insular Italy
117,031
17,400
68



2011 Gross Domestic Product in Italy (2014 data)[65]

Region
€ mil.
€ per cap.
NUTS-1 region


Abruzzo
7004300730000000000♠30,073
7004224000000000000♠22,400
South


Aosta Valley[a]
7003432800000000000♠4,328
7004337000000000000♠33,700
North-West


Apulia
7004699740000000000♠69,974
7004171000000000000♠17,100
South


Basilicata
7004107440000000000♠10,744
7004183000000000000♠18,300
South


Calabria
7004330550000000000♠33,055
7004164000000000000♠16,400
South


Campania
7004936350000000000♠93,635
7004160000000000000♠16,000
South


Emilia-Romagna
7005142609000000000♠142,609
7004321000000000000♠32,100
North-East


Friuli-Venezia Giulia[a]
7004366280000000000♠36,628
7004296000000000000♠29,600
North-East


Lazio
7005172246000000000♠172,246
7004300000000000000♠30,000
Centre


Liguria
7004439980000000000♠43,998
7004272000000000000♠27,200
North-West


Lombardy
7005337161000000000♠337,161
7004339000000000000♠33,900
North-West


Marche
7004408770000000000♠40,877
7004261000000000000♠26,100
Centre


Molise
7003641400000000000♠6,414
7004201000000000000♠20,100
South


Piedmont
7005125997000000000♠125,997
7004282000000000000♠28,200
North-West


Sardinia[a]
7004330750000000000♠33,075
7004197000000000000♠19,700
Islands


Sicily[a]
7004839560000000000♠83,956
7004166000000000000♠16,600
Islands


Tuscany
7005106013000000000♠106,013
7004282000000000000♠28,200
Centre


Trentino-South Tyrol[a]
7004357970000000000♠35,797
7004343000000000000♠34,300
North-East


Umbria
7004215330000000000♠21,533
7004237000000000000♠23,700
Centre


Veneto
7005149527000000000♠149,527
7004302000000000000♠30,200
North-East


^a The autonomous regions with special statute have several financial privileges.
Economic sectors[edit]
Primary[edit]




Vineyards near Certaldo, Tuscany. Italy is the world's top wine producer (22% of global market).[19]


According to the last national agricultural census, there were 1.6 million farms in 2010 (-32.4% since 2000) covering 12.7 million hectares (63% of which are located in Southern Italy).[66] The vast majority (99%) are family-operated and small, averaging only 8 hectares in size.[66] Of the total surface area in agricultural use (forestry excluded), grain fields take up 31%, olive tree orchards 8.2%, vineyards 5.4%, citrus orchards 3.8%, sugar beets 1.7%, and horticulture 2.4%. The remainder is primarily dedicated to pastures (25.9%) and feed grains (11.6%).[66] The northern part of Italy produces primarily maize corn, rice, sugar beets, soybeans, meat, fruits and dairy products, while the South specializes in wheat and citrus fruits. Livestock includes 6 million head of cattle, 8.6 million head of swine, 6.8 million head of sheep, and 0.9 million head of goats.[66] The total annual production of the fishing industry in Italy from capture and aquaculture, including crustaceans and molluscs, stood at 480 tons.
Italy is the first largest producer of wine in the world, and one of the leading in olive oil, fruits (apples, olives, grapes, oranges, lemons, pears, apricots, hazelnuts, peaches, cherries, plums, strawberries and kiwifruits), and vegetables (especially artichokes and tomatoes). The most famous Italian wines are probably the Tuscan Chianti and the Piedmontese Barolo. Other famous wines are Barbaresco, Barbera d'Asti, Brunello di Montalcino, Frascati, Montepulciano d'Abruzzo, Morellino di Scansano, and the sparkling wines Franciacorta and Prosecco. Quality goods in which Italy specialises, particularly the already mentioned wines and regional cheeses, are often protected under the quality assurance labels DOC/DOP. This geographical indication certificate, which is attributed by the European Union, is considered important in order to avoid confusion with low-quality mass-produced ersatz products.
Secondary[edit]




Italy's Product Exports Treemap in 2014 from Harvard Atlas of Economic Complexity.


Italy has a smaller number of global multinational corporations than other economies of comparable size, but there is a large number of small and medium-sized enterprises, many of them grouped in clusters, which are the backbone of the Italian industry.[67] This has produced a manufacturing sector often focused on the export of niche market and luxury products, that on one side is less capable of competing on quantity, but on the other side is more capable of facing the competition from emerging economies based on lower labor costs, with higher quality products.[68] The industrial districts are regionalized: in the Northwest there is a large modern group of industries, as in the so-called "Industrial Triangle" (Milan-Turin-Genoa), where there is an area of intense machinery, automotive, aerospace and naval production; in the Northeast and the Center, previously rural areas that experienced social and economic development around family-based firms, there are small enterprises of low technology but high craftsmanship, specialized in clothing, leather products, footwear, furniture, textiles, machine tools, spare parts, appliances, and jewellery; finally, in the less-developed South, the two forms exist side by side.[67][69]
Tertiary[edit]



This section is empty. You can help by adding to it. (February 2015)


Infrastructure[edit]
Energy and natural resources[edit]
Main article: Energy in Italy




Wind turbines in Varese Ligure.


In the early 1970s Italy was a major producer of pyrites (from the Tuscan Maremma), asbestos (from the Balangero mines), fluorite (found in Sicily), and salt. At the same time, it was self-sufficient in aluminum (from Gargano), sulfur (from Sicily), lead, and zinc (from Sardinia).[70] By the beginning of the 1990s, however, it had lost all its world-ranking positions and was no longer self-sufficient in those resources. There are no substantial deposits of iron, coal, or oil. Moderate natural gas reserves, mainly in the Po Valley and offshore Adriatic Sea, have been discovered in recent years and constitute the country's most important mineral resource. Italy is one of the world's leading producers of pumice, pozzolana, and feldspar.[70] Another mineral resource for which Italy is well-known is marble, especially the world-famous white Carrara marble from the Massa and Carrara quarries in Tuscany. Most raw materials needed for manufacturing and more than 80% of the country's energy sources are imported (99.7% of the solid fuels demand, 92.5% of oil, 91.2% of natural gas and 13% of electricity).[71][72] Due to its reliance on imports, Italians pay approximately 45% more than the EU average for electricity.[73]
Italy has managed four nuclear reactors until the 1980s, but in 1987, after the Chernobyl disaster, a large majority of Italians passed a referendum opting for phasing out nuclear power in Italy. The government responded by closing existing nuclear power plants and stopping work on projects underway, continuing to work to the nuclear energy program abroad. The national power company Enel operates seven nuclear reactors in Spain (through Endesa) and four in Slovakia (through Slovenské elektrárne),[74] and in 2005 made an agreement with Électricité de France for a nuclear reactor in France.[73] With these agreements, Italy has managed to access nuclear power and direct involvement in design, construction, and operation of the plants without placing reactors on Italian territory.[73]
In the last decade, Italy has become one of the world's largest producers of renewable energy, ranking as the third largest producer in the European Union after Germany and Sweden.[75] The country is also the world's second largest producer of energy from solar power.[76] Renewable sources account for the 27.5% of all electricity produced in Italy, with hydro alone reaching 12.6%, followed by solar at 5.7%, wind at 4.1%, bioenergy at 3.5%, and geothermal at 1.6%.[75] The rest of the national demand is covered by fossil fuels (38.2% natural gas, 13% coal, 8.4% oil) and by imports.[75]
Transport[edit]
Main article: Transport in Italy




Rome Fiumicino Airport in 2014 was the eighth-busiest airport in Europe.


Italy was the first country in the world to build motorways, the so-called "autostrade", reserved for motor vehicles. The Milano-Laghi motorway, connecting Milan to Varese and now parts of the A8 and A9 motorways, was devised by Piero Puricelli, a civil engineer and entrepreneur. He received the first authorization to build a public-utility fast road in 1921, and completed the construction between 1924 and 1926. By the end of the 1930s, over 400 kilometers of multi- and dual-single-lane motorways were constructed throughout Italy, linking cities and rural towns. Today there are 668,721 km of serviceable roads in Italy, including 6,661 km of motorways (mostly toll roads, national and local roads), state-owned but privately operated mainly by Atlantia company.
The railway network is also extensive, especially in the north, totalizing 16,862 km of which 69% are electrified and on which 4,937 locomotives and railcars circulate. It is the 12th largest in the world, and is operated by state-owned Ferrovie dello Stato, while the rail tracks and infrastructure are managed by Rete Ferroviaria Italiana. While a number of private railroads exist and provide mostly commuter-type services, the national railway also provides sophisticated high-speed rail service that joins the major cities. The Florence–Rome high-speed railway was the first high-speed line opened in Europe when more than half of it opened in 1977. In 1991 the TAV was created for the planning and construction of high-speed rail lines along Italy's most important and saturated transport routes (Milan-Rome-Naples and Turin-Milan-Venice). High-speed trains include ETR-class trains, with the Frecciarossa 1000 reaching 400 km/h.
There are approximately 130 airports in Italy, of which 99 have paved runways (including the two hubs of Leonardo Da Vinci International in Rome and Malpensa International in Milan), and 43 major seaports including the Port of Genoa, the country's largest and the third busiest by cargo tonnage in the Mediterranean Sea. The national inland waterway network comprises 1,477 km of navigable rivers and channels. In 2007 Italy maintained a civilian air fleet of about 389,000 units and a merchant fleet of 581 ships.[77]
Finance[edit]
Main article: List of banks in Italy
The origins of modern banking can be traced to medieval and early Renaissance Italy, to the rich cities like Florence, Lucca, Siena, Venice and Genoa. The Bardi and Peruzzi families dominated banking in 14th century Florence, establishing branches in many other parts of Europe.[78] One of the most famous Italian banks was the Medici Bank, set up by Giovanni di Bicci de' Medici in 1397.[79] The earliest known state deposit bank, the Bank of Saint George, was founded in 1407 in Genoa,[80] while Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena, founded in 1472, is the oldest surviving bank in the world. Today, among the financial services companies, UniCredit is one of the largest bank in Europe by capitalization and Assicurazioni Generali is second largest insurance group in the world by revenue after AXA.
This is a list of the major Italian banks and insurance groups ranked by total assets and gross premiums written.

As of 31 December 2013





Banks[60]

Rank
Company
Headquarter
Assets (€ mil.)


1
UniCredit
Milan
982,151


2
Intesa Sanpaolo
Turin
676,798


3
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena
Siena
197,943


4
Banco Popolare
Verona
123,743


5
UBI Banca
Bergamo
121,323


6
Banca Nazionale del Lavoro
Rome
84,892


7
Mediobanca
Milan
72,428


8
Banca Popolare dell'Emilia Romagna
Modena
61,266


9
Banca Popolare di Milano
Milan
49,257


10
Crédit Agricole–Cariparma Group
Parma
48,235





Insurance groups[60]

Rank
Company
Headquarter
Premiums (€ mil.)


1
Assicurazioni Generali
Trieste
62,535


2
Unipol (UnipolSai and other subsidiaries)
Bologna
16,673


3
Poste italiane (Poste Vita and Poste Assicura)
Rome
13,244


4
Intesa Sanpaolo (Intesa Sanpaolo Vita)
Turin
11,948


5
Allianz (Allianz S.p.A. only)
Trieste
7,296


6
Banca Mediolanum
Milan
4,596


7
Cattolica Assicurazioni
Verona
4,221


8
BNP Paribas's Italian subsidiary

4,174


9
Reale Mutua Assicurazioni
Turin
3,539


10
CNP Assurances–UniCredit (CNP UniCredit Vita)
Milan
2,562


11
Crédit Agricole (Crédit Agricole Vita)

2,213


12
Aviva (Aviva Italia Holding)
Milan
2,151


13
AXA's Italian subsidiary

1,872


14
Groupama's Italian subsidiary

1,484


15
Old Mutual (Old Mutual Wealth Italy)

1,201


16
Vittoria Assicurazioni
Milan
1,150


17
AXA-Banca MPS (AXA MPS Assicurazioni Danni, AXA MPS Assicurazioni Vita )

1,109


18
Covéa–Banca Popolare di Milano (Bipiemme Vita)

1,089


19
Banca Carige (Carige Vita Nuova)
Genoa
1,029


20
Zurich Insurance (Zurich Investment Life)

935





Poverty[edit]
In 2015, poverty in Italy hit the high levels in the previous 10 years. The level of absolute poverty for a 2 people family was 1050,95€/month. The poverty line per capita changed by region from 552,39€/month to 819,13€/month.The numbers of those in absolute poverty rose nearly an entire percent in 2015, from 6.8% in 2014, to 7.6% in 2015.[81] In the south of Italy the numbers are even higher with 10% living in absolute poverty, up from 9 percent in 2014. The north is better off at 6.7%, but still an increase from 5.7% in 2014.[81] The national statics reporting agency, ISTAT, defines absolute poverty as those who can’t buy goods and services which they need to survive. In 2015, the proportion of poor households in relative poverty also increased in 2015 to 13.7 from 12.9 in 2014. ISTAT defines relative poverty as people whose disposable income is less than around half the national average. The unemployment rate in February 2016 remained at 11.7%, which has been the same for almost a year, but even having a job doesn’t guarantee freedom from poverty.[82] Those who have at least one family employed still suffer from 6.1% to 11.7% poverty, the higher number being for those who have factory jobs. The numbers are even higher for the younger generations because their unemployment rate is over 40%. Also, children are hit hard. In 2014, 32% of those aged 0–17 are at risk of poverty or social exclusion, which is one child out of three. In the last ISTAT report poverty is in decline.[83]
References[edit]


^ "Italy". International Monetary Fund. Retrieved 29 June 2015. 
^ http://www.ilsole24ore.com/art/notizie/2017-06-01/pil-l-istat-rivede-rialzo-crescita-i-trimestre-04percento-12percento-anno--100105.shtml?uuid=AEJ7kyWB
^ http://www.ansa.it/sito/notizie/economia/2016/03/14/poverta-istat-in-2014-assoluta-per-147-mln-famiglie_5faaef89-d222-41dd-a04f-6f43459dbc0a.html.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "People at risk of poverty or social exclusion - Eurostat". Eurostat. December 2015. Retrieved 14 March 2016. 
^ "Gini coefficient of equivalised disposable income (source: SILC)". Luxembourg: Eurostat. 15 June 2017. Retrieved 24 June 2017. 
^ http://www.repubblica.it/economia/miojob/lavoro/2017/02/28/news/il_reddito_medio_degli_italiani_a_20_690_euro_bonus_80_euro_da_restituire_per_un_milione_e_700mila_persone-159456014/?ref=RHPPLF-BH-I0-C8-P1-S1.8-T1
^ "Ease of Doing Business in Italy". Doingbusiness.org. Retrieved 2017-01-25. 
^ https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/rankorder/2078rank.html#it
^ https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/rankorder/2087rank.html#it
^ "Biggest aid donors". BBC News. Retrieved 26 March 2009. 
^ "Sovereigns Rating List". Standard & Poor's. Retrieved 26 May 2011. 
^ Bufacchi, Isabella (16 October 2014). "Moody’s confirms stable outlook on Italy’s "Baa2" sovereign rating". Il Sole 24 Ore. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "Fitch Affirms Italy at 'BBB+'; Outlook Stable". Reuters. Retrieved 24 October 2014. 
^ "CIA World Factbook: Italy". CIA. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "The Economist Intelligence Unit’s quality-of-life index" (PDF). The Economist. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Stringa, Giovanni (5 January 2013). "Italia terza al mondo per riserve d'oro, per ogni cittadino dote di 1.650 euro". Corriere della Sera. Retrieved 6 February 2015. 
^ "Quel bilancio Ue poco equilibrato". Il Sole 24 Ore. 1 February 2013. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "Manufacturing statistics". Eurostat. November 2015. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ a b Woodard, Richard (19 March 2013). "Italian wine now 22% of global market". Decanter. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ [1]
^ Italy remains the third market for luxury goods
^ "Convergence between Eu countries and a gap at the territorial level between Italian regions". ISTAT. 19 October 2011. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ [2]
^ [3]
^ Ciccarelli, Carlo; Fenoaltea, Stefano (July 2010). "Through the Magnifying Glass: Provincial Aspects of Industrial Growth in Post-Unification Italy" (PDF). Banca d'Italia. p. 4. 
^ Cohen, Robin (1995). The Cambridge Survey of World Migration. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 114. ISBN 0-521-44405-5. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Clark, Martin (1984). Modern Italy, 1871-1982. New York: Longman. p. 186. ISBN 0-582-48361-1. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ a b c Knight, Patricia (2003). Mussolini and Fascism. New York: Routledge. pp. 64–65. ISBN 0-415-27921-6. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Welk, William G. (1938). Fascist Economy Policy: An Analysis of Italy's Economic Experiment. Cambridge: Harvard University Press. p. 166. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Morgan, Philip (2003). Italian Fascism, 1915-1945. Basingstoke: Macmillan Publishers. p. 160. ISBN 0-333-94998-6. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Lyttelton, Adrian (2002). Liberal and Fascist Italy, 1900-1945. Oxford: Oxford University Press. p. 13. ISBN 0-198-73198-1. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Tagliabue, John (11 August 2007). "Italian Pride Is Revived in a Tiny Fiat". The New York Times. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Hogan, Michael J. (1987). The Marshall Plan: America, Britain, and the reconstruction of Western Europe, 1947–1952. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. pp. 44–45. ISBN 0-521-37840-0. 
^ a b Crafts, Nicholas; Toniolo, Gianni (1996). Economic Growth in Europe Since 1945. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 428. ISBN 0-521-49627-6. 
^ Di Nolfo, Ennio (1992). Power in Europe? Great Britain, France, Germany, and Italy, and the Origins of the EEC, 1952–57. Berlin: Walter de Gruyter. p. 198. ISBN 3-11-012158-1. 
^ "Italy since 1945: Demographic and social change". Encyclopædia Britannica Online. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Vicarelli, Fausto; Sylla, Richard; Cairncross, Alec (1988). Central banks' independence in historical perspective. Berlin: Walter de Gruyter. p. 180. ISBN 978-3110114409. 
^ "Italy since 1945: The economy in the 1980s". Encyclopædia Britannica Online. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "L’Italia in 150 anni. Sommario di statistiche storiche 1861-2010". ISTAT. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ a b Vietor, Richard (1 April 2001). "Italy’s Economic Half-Miracle". Strategy&. Retrieved 8 October 2014. 
^ "Italian Stock Exchange: Main Indicators (1975-2012)". Borsa Italiana. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "Italy: General government gross debt (Percent of GDP)". International Monetary Fund. Retrieved 8 October 2014. 
^ Balcerowicz, Leszek (2013). Economic Growth in the European Union (PDF). Brussels: Lisbon Council. p. 13. ISBN 978-9-0902-7915-2. Retrieved 8 October 2014. 
^ ""Secular stagnation" in graphics". The Economist. 19 November 2014. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "Quarterly Growth Rates of real GDP, change over previous quarter". OECD. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Moody, Barry; Mackenzie, James (8 November 2011). "Berlusconi to resign after parliamentary setback". Reuters. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "General government gross debt". Eurostat. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Auret, Lisa (18 May 2010). "Could Italy Be Better Off than its Peers?". CNBC. Retrieved 30 May 2011. 
^ Sanderson, Rachel (10 January 2011). "Italian deficit narrows in third quarter". Financial Times. Retrieved 16 July 2011. 
^ Fonte, Giuseppe (25 September 2014). "Italy to cut 2014, 2015 GDP forecasts, hike deficit goals". Reuters. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Smith, Dennis M. (1997). Modern Italy: A Political History. Ann Arbor: University of Michigan Press. pp. 209–210. ISBN 978-0-472-10895-4. 
^ Newark, Tim (2007). Mafia Allies: The True Story of America's Secret Alliance with the Mob in World War II. London: MBI Publishing Company. pp. 123–135. ISBN 978-0-7603-2457-8. 
^ "Italy: The South". Encyclopædia Britannica Online. 3 February 2015. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Astarita, Tommaso (2005). Between Salt Water and Holy Water: A History of Southern Italy. New York: W. W. Norton & Company. ISBN 0-393-05864-6. 
^ Kiefer, Peter (22 October 2007). "Mafia crime is 7% of GDP in Italy, group reports". New York Times. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Addiopizzo (30 October 2014). "Report on the activity of "Addiopizzo Catania"" (PDF). European Parliament. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Kington, Tom (9 March 2008). "Shopkeepers revolt against Sicilian Mafia". The Guardian. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ "Gli investimenti delle mafie" (PDF). Programma Operativo Nazionale. Obiettivo Sud. 16 January 2013. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Haigh, Robert (18 February 2014). "Ferrari – The World’s Most Powerful Brand". Brand Finance. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ a b c "Leading Italian Companies". Mediobanca. October 2014. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Mehta, Stephanie (2014). "2014 Fortune Global 500". Fortune. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ a b "Global Wealth Databook 2013" (PDF). Credit Suisse. October 2013. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ "Global Wealth Report 2013" (PDF). Allianz. August 2013. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Kroll, Luisa; Dolan, Kerry A. (2014). "The Richest People On The Planet 2014". Fortune. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ a b "Regional GDP per capita in the EU in 2011" (PDF). Eurostat. 27 February 2014. Retrieved 7 March 2014. 
^ a b c d "Censimento Agricoltura 2010". ISTAT. 24 October 2010. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ a b Mignone, Mario B. (2008). Italy today: Facing the Challenges of the New Millennium. New York: Lang Publishing. pp. 161–162. ISBN 978-1-4331-0187-8. 
^ "Knowledge Economy Forum 2008: Innovative Small And Medium Enterprises Are Key To Europe & Central Asian Growth". World Bank. 19 May 2005. Retrieved 17 June 2008. 
^ Friedman, Jonathan (2003). Globalization, the State, and Violence. Lanham: Rowman & Littlefield. p. 97. ISBN 0-7591-0280-5. 
^ a b "Italy, the economy: Resources and power". Encyclopædia Britannica Online. 3 February 2015. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Eurostat (2008). "Energy, transport and environment indicators" (PDF). EU Bookshop. ISBN 978-92-79-09835-2. Retrieved 10 May 2009. 
^ Eurostat (2009). "Panorama of Energy" (PDF). EU Bookshop. ISBN 978-92-79-11151-8. Retrieved 10 May 2009. 
^ a b c "Emerging Nuclear Energy Countries". World Nuclear Association. December 2014. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ "Nuclear Production". Enel. 31 December 2013. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ a b c "Rapporto Statistico sugli Impianti a fonti rinnovabili" (PDF). Gestore dei Servizi Energetici. 19 December 2013. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ "International Energy Statistics". Energy Information Administration. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ Eurostat (2007). "Panorama of Transport" (PDF). European Commission. ISBN 978-92-79-04618-6. Retrieved 3 May 2009. 
^ Hoggson, Noble F. (1926). Banking Through the Ages. New York: Dodd, Mead and Company. p. 76. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ Goldthwaite, Richard A. (1995). Banks, Palaces, and Entrepreneurs in Renaissance Florence. Aldershot: Ashgate Publishing. ISBN 978-0-860-78484-5. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ Macesich, George (2000). Issues in Money and Banking. Westport: Greenwood Publishing Group. p. 42. ISBN 978-0-275-96777-2. Retrieved 12 March 2009. 
^ a b "Poverty in Italy" (PDF). http://www.istat.it/. Istats. Retrieved 1 December 2016.  External link in |website= (help)
^ "Unemployment by sex and age - monthly average". eurostat.ec. eurostat. Retrieved 2 December 2016. 
^ "Italy: tackling child poverty and overcoming the crisis - European Platform for Investing in Children (EPIC) - European Union". europa.eu. Europa. Retrieved 2 December 2016. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Economy of Italy.



OECD's Italy country website
Italy’s economy and economic policies, on the International Monetary Fund’s website
World Bank Trade Summary Statistics Italy 2013
Italian National Institute of Statistic (ISTAT)
Comprehensive current and historical economic data
Tariffs applied by Italy as provided by ITC's Market Access Map, an online database of customs tariffs and market requirements
Italy Gross Domestic Product (GDP) QoQ







v
t
e


Italy articles



History




Chronology



Prehistory

Italic peoples
Ancient Italian peoples
Pre-Nuragic Sardinia
Nuragic peoples


Etruscan Civilization
Nuragic Civilization
Phoenician / Carthaginian colonies
Magna Graecia
Ancient Rome

Kingdom
Republic
Empire


Middle Ages

Italy under Odoacer
Ostrogoths
Lombards
Regnum Italiae
Arabs
Normans
Guelphs and Ghibellines
Italian city-states
Maritime republics


Renaissance

Italian Wars


Early Modern period
Unification
Monarchy and the World Wars

Kingdom of Italy
Colonial Empire
World War I
Fascist Italy
World War II
Resistance
Civil War


Republic

Economic Boom
Years of Lead
Years of Mud
Mani pulite







By topic



Citizenship
Currency
Economy
Fashion
Flags
Genetic
Historic states
Military
Music
Postal
Railways











Geography







Peninsula
Northern

Northwest
Northeast


Central
Southern

South
Insular


Fauna
Flora
Volcanology

Volcanoes


Mountains

Prealps
Alps
Apennines


Beaches
Canals
Caves
Earthquakes
Islands
Lakes
National parks
Rivers
Valleys








Politics







Constitution
Elections
Referendums
Foreign relations

Missions


Judiciary
Law enforcement
Military
Parliament

Chamber of Deputies
Senate


Political parties
President
Prime Minister
Council of Ministers
Regions
Provinces
Metropolitan cities
Municipalities
Cities








Economy







Economic history

Milan
Naples
Rome
Turin


Regions by GDP
Automotive industry
Banking

Central Bank


Companies
Energy
Government debt
Science and technology
Stock exchange
Taxation
Telecommunications

Internet


Tourism
Trade unions
Transportation
Welfare








Society







Abortion
Adoption
Billionaires
Capital punishment
Corruption
Crime
Demographics
Education

Secondary
Higher
Universities


Emigration
Fathers' rights movement
Feminism
Gambling
Health
Healthcare
Immigration
LGBT rights
Nobility
Prostitution
Racism
Religion
Smoking
Social class
Terrorism
Women





Culture



Duecento
Trecento
Quattrocento
Cinquecento
Seicento
Settecento


Architecture
Art
Castles
Cinema
Cuisine

Wine


Decorations
Design
Fashion
Festivals
Folklore
Italophilia
Italophobia
Languages and dialects

Italian


Literature
Media

Newspapers
Radio
TV


Monuments
Mythology
Music

Classical
Folk
Opera
Popular


National symbols

Anthem
Emblem
Flag

Regions


Personification


People
Philosophy
Public holidays
Sculpture
Sport
Traditions
World Heritage Sites











 Italy portal
 WikiProject
 Commons
Quotes
 News
Travel
 Category












v
t
e


Economy of Italy




 Companies of Italy



Industry and business



Companies
Exports
Made in Italy
Automotive
Steel industry
Film
Fashion
Luxury Real Estate
Robotics





Research



ELETTRA
ENEA
Italian Space Agency (ASI)
Erzelli Hi-Tech Park
Istituto Italiano di Tecnologia





Energy



Renewable

Wind
Solar
Geothermal


Oil

Oil refineries







Infrastructure



Transport
Communications
Tourism





Taxation



Tax system





Finance and banking



Banking
Stock Exchange





Development



International rankings
Science and technology





Events



2006 Winter Olympics
Bologna Motor Show
Biennale di Venezia
Concorso d'Eleganza Villa d'Este
EICMA
Expo 2015
Euroflora
Fieracavalli
Genoa International Boat Show
Lucca Comics & Games
Salone Internazionale del Gusto
Salone Internazionale del Mobile di Milano
Settimana della moda
MICAM
Palio di Siena
Rome Film Festival
Venice Film Festival
Vinitaly








See also:  Category
Economy of Europe












v
t
e


Economy of Europe



Sovereign states



Albania
Andorra
Armenia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Belarus
Belgium
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Georgia
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Iceland
Ireland

Italy
Kazakhstan
Latvia
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malta
Moldova
Monaco
Montenegro
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russia
San Marino
Serbia
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Turkey
Ukraine
United Kingdom
Vatican City





States with limited
recognition



Abkhazia
Kosovo
Nagorno-Karabakh
Northern Cyprus
South Ossetia
Transnistria





Dependencies and
other entities



Åland
Faroe Islands
Gibraltar
Guernsey
Isle of Man
Jersey
Svalbard





Other entities



European Union












v
t
e


World Trade Organization



System



Accession and membership
Appellate Body
Dispute Settlement Body
International Trade Centre
Chronology of key events





Issues



Criticism
Doha Development Round
Singapore issues
Quota Elimination
Peace Clause





Agreements



General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
Agriculture
Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures
Technical Barriers to Trade
Trade Related Investment Measures
Trade in Services
Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights
Government Procurement
Information Technology
Marrakech Agreement
Doha Declaration
Bali Package





Ministerial
Conferences



1st (1996)
2nd (1998)
3rd (1999)
4th (2001)
5th (2003)
6th (2005)
7th (2009)
8th (2011)
9th (2013)
10th (2015)





People



Roberto Azevêdo (Director-General)
Pascal Lamy (former Director-General)
Supachai Panitchpakdi (former Director-General)
Deputy Directors-General:

Yonov Frederick Agah
Karl Brauner
David Shark
Yi Xiaozhun

former: Alejandro Jara
Valentine Rugwabiza
Harsha Singh
Rufus Yerxa









Members



Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
Angola
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belize
Benin
Bolivia
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Republic of the Congo
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Cuba
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
European Union¹
Fiji
Gabon
The Gambia
Georgia
Ghana
Grenada
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong²
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Israel
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
South Korea
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Lesotho
Liberia
Liechtenstein
Macau²
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Moldova
Mongolia
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nepal
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Qatar
Russia
Rwanda
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Suriname
Swaziland
Switzerland
Tajikistan
Taiwan³
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe


1. All twenty-eight member states of the European Union are also members of the WTO in their own right:

Austria
Belgium
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malta
Netherlands
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom


2. Special administrative regions of the People's Republic of China, participates as "Hong Kong, China" and "Macao China".
3. Officially the Republic of China, participates as "Separate Customs Territory of Taiwan, Penghu, Kinmen and Matsu", and "Chinese Taipei" in short.











v
t
e


Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD)



History



Convention on the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development
OECD Anti-Bribery Convention





Guidelines



Multinational Enterprises
Testing of Chemicals










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Economy_of_Italy&oldid=792129020"					
Categories: Economy of ItalyEconomic history of ItalyEuropean Union member economiesOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development member economiesWorld Trade Organization member economiesHidden categories: Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsCS1 errors: external linksUse dmy dates from April 2014Articles to be expanded from February 2015All articles to be expandedArticles with empty sections from February 2015All articles with empty sectionsArticles using small message boxes 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাБеларускаяБългарскиCatalàČeštinaEspañolفارسیFrançaisGalegoIdoItalianoქართულიLietuviųMagyarمصرىBahasa MelayuOccitanPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийShqipSuomiУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 17:03.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Economy of Italy - Wikipedia






















 






Economy of Italy

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Economy of Italy


Milan is the financial centre of Italy



Currency
Euro (EUR), except in Campione d'Italia (CHF)



Fiscal year

calendar year



Trade organisations

European Union, WTO, OECD, AIIB


Statistics


GDP
$1.850,735 trillion (nominal, 2016); $2.234,500 trillion (PPP, 2016)[1]


GDP rank
8th (nominal) / 12th (PPP)



GDP growth

 +0.4% Q1 2017,+1.2% acquired 2017 [2]



GDP per capita

$30,507 (nominal, 2016);
$36,833 (PPP, 2016)



GDP by sector

services (74%), industry (24%), agriculture (2%)



Inflation (CPI)

 +1.2% (June 2017)



Population below poverty line

5.7% in poverty, 2014;[3] 24.7% at risk of poverty or social exclusion, 2014[4]



Gini coefficient

0.324 (2015)[5]



Labour force

 25.7 million



Labour force by occupation

services (68%), industry (28%), agriculture (4%)


Unemployment
 11.1% May 2017



Average gross salary


€20,690 ($23,260), yearly (+1.3%) (2016)
[6] (as gross income and not gross wage)



Main industries

iron and steel, cement, chemicals, plastics, production machinery, motor vehicles, shipbuilding, space and aircraft, machine tools, communications, medical apparatus, pharmaceuticals, food and beverages processing, textiles, clothing, fashion, home appliances, tourism



Ease-of-doing-business rank

50th (2017)[7]


External


Exports
 $436.3 billion (2016)[8]



Export goods

engineering products; electrical equipment; vehicles, aircraft and vessels; base metals and steel; textiles, clothing and footwear; chemicals; food and beverages; precious metals; optical and medical apparatus; stone, cement and glass products; paper



Main export partners

 Germany 12.6%
 France 11.1%
 United States 6.8%
  Switzerland 5.7%
 United Kingdom 4.7%
 Spain 4.4%


Imports
 $372.2 billion (2016)[9]



Import goods

minerals; engineering products; chemicals; motor vehicles; base metals; plastics; textiles



Main import partners

 Germany 14.7%
 France 8.4%
 China 8.4%
 Russia 6.3%
 Netherlands 5.8%
 Spain 4.5%



FDI stock

$0.7 trillion



Gross external debt

 $2.6 trillion


Public finances



Public debt

 131% of GDP


Revenues
$1.0 trillion


Expenses
$1.1 trillion


Economic aid
Donor: $2.5 billion, 0.15% of GDP[10]



Credit rating

Standard & Poor's: BBB+[11]
Outlook: Stable
Moody's: BAA2[12]
Outlook: Stable
Fitch: BBB+[13]
Outlook: Stable



Foreign reserves

$0.2 trillion



Main data source: CIA World Fact Book
All values, unless otherwise stated, are in US dollars.



The economy of Italy is the 3rd-largest national economy in the eurozone, the 8th-largest by nominal GDP in the world, and the 12th-largest by GDP (PPP). The country is a founding member of the European Union, the Eurozone, the OECD, the G7 and the G20. Italy is the eighth largest exporter in the world with $514 billion exported in 2016. Its closest trade ties are with the other countries of the European Union, with whom it conducts about 59% of its total trade. The largest trading partners, in order of market share, are Germany (12.6%), France (11.1%), United States (6.8%), Switzerland (5.7%), United Kingdom (4.7%), and Spain (4.4%).[14]
In the post-war period, Italy was transformed from an agricultural based economy which had been severely affected by the consequences of the World Wars, into one of the world's most industrialized nations, and a leading country in world trade and exports. According to the Human Development Index, the country enjoys a very high standard of living, and has the world's 8th highest quality of life according to The Economist.[15] Italy owns the world's third-largest gold reserve,[16] and is the third net contributor to the budget of the European Union.[17] The country is also well known for its influential and innovative business economic sector, an industrious (Italy is the second largest manufacturer in Europe[18] behind Germany) and competitive agricultural sector (Italy is the world's largest wine producer),[19] and for its creative and high-quality automobile, naval, industrial, appliance and fashion design. Italy is the largest market for luxury goods in Europe (third in the world) and the country's private wealth is one of the largest in the world.[20][21]
Despite these important achievements, the country's economy today suffers from structural and non-structural problems. After strong GDP growth in 1945–1990, the last two decades' average annual growth rates were below the EU average with Italy being hit particularly hard by the late-2000s recession. The stagnation in economic growth, and the political efforts to revive it with massive government spending from the 1980s onwards, eventually produced a severe rise in public debt. In addition, Italian living standards have a considerable North–South divide: the average GDP per capita in Northern and Central Italy significantly exceeds the EU average, while some regions and provinces in Southern Italy are dramatically below.[22]
In recent years, Italy's GDP per capita growth slowly returned to the level of its major partners[23] while its employment rate still lags behind due to a large number of undeclared workers (estimated between 10% and 20% of the labour force) counted among the inactive or the unemployed.[24]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Fascist era
1.2 Post-war economic miracle
1.3 From growth to stagnation
1.4 Great Recession


2 Overview

2.1 North–South divide
2.2 Companies
2.3 Wealth
2.4 Regional data


3 Economic sectors

3.1 Primary
3.2 Secondary
3.3 Tertiary


4 Infrastructure

4.1 Energy and natural resources
4.2 Transport


5 Finance
6 Poverty
7 References
8 External links



History[edit]
Main article: Economic history of Italy




Terni steel mills in 1912.


After the unification, industrialization was largely artisanal, and located in the former political capitals; factory industry was instead attracted by the waterfalls of the subalpine Northwest. From the 1880s, as modernization accelerated, industry concentrated in the Lombard and Piedmontese provinces with the boom in textiles, then particularly in Turin and Milan with the engineering boom; and in Liguria's Genoa, which captured civil and naval shipbuilding.[25]
The diffusion of the industrialization process that characterized the northern and central parts of the country starting from the 1880s, completely excluded large areas in the Northeast and in Southern Italy. The resulting Italian diaspora concerned nearly 26 million Italians, the most part immigrated in the period 1880–1914, and it is considered the biggest mass migration of contemporary times.[26] During the Great War, the Italian Royal Army increased in size, with 5 million recruits in total entering service during the war.[27] This came at a terrible cost: by the end of the war, Italy had lost 700,000 soldiers and had a budget deficit of billions of lira.
Fascist era[edit]
Main article: Economy of Italy under fascism




Achille Starace and Italo Balbo visit Alfa Romeo.


Italy emerged from World War I in a poor and weakened condition. The National Fascist Party of Benito Mussolini came to power in 1922, at the end of a period of social unrest. However, once Mussolini acquired a firmer hold of power, laissez-faire and free trade were progressively abandoned in favour of government intervention and protectionism.[28]
In 1929, Italy was hit hard by the Great Depression.[29] Trying to handle the crisis, the Fascist government nationalized the holdings of large banks which had accrued significant industrial securities, establishing the Istituto per la Ricostruzione Industriale.[30] A number of mixed entities were formed, whose purpose it was to bring together representatives of the government and of the major businesses. These representatives discussed economic policy and manipulated prices and wages so as to satisfy both the wishes of the government and the wishes of business.[28]
This economic model based on a partnership between government and business was soon extended to the political sphere, in what came to be known as corporatism. At the same time, the aggressive foreign policy of Mussolini led to an increasing military expenditure. After the invasion of Ethiopia, Italy intervened to support Franco's nationalists in the Spanish Civil War. By 1939, Italy had the highest percentage of state-owned enterprises after the Soviet Union.[28]
Italy's involvement in World War II as a member of the Axis powers required the establishment of a war economy. The Allied invasion of Italy in 1943 eventually caused the Italian political structure – and the economy – to rapidly collapse. The Allies, on the one hand, and the Germans on the other, took over the administration of the areas of Italy under their control. By the end of the war, Italian per capita income was at its lowest point since the beginning of the 20th century.[31]
Post-war economic miracle[edit]
Main article: Italian economic miracle




The Fiat 500, launched in 1957, is considered a symbol of Italy's postwar economic miracle.[32]


After the end of World War II, Italy was in rubble and occupied by foreign armies, a condition that worsened the chronic development gap towards the more advanced European economies. However, the new geopolitical logic of the Cold War made possible that the former enemy Italy, a hinge-country between Western Europe and the Mediterranean, and now a new, fragile democracy threatened by the NATO occupation forces, the proximity of the Iron Curtain and the presence of a strong Communist party,[33] was considered by the USA as an important ally for the Free World, and received under the Marshall Plan US$1,204 million from 1947-51.
The end of aid through the Plan could have stopped the recovery but it coincided with a crucial point in the Korean War whose demand for metal and manufactured products was a further stimulus of Italian industrial production. In addition, the creation in 1957 of the European Common Market, with Italy as a founding member, provided more investment and eased exports.[34]
These favorable developments, combined with the presence of a large labour force, laid the foundation for spectacular economic growth that lasted almost uninterrupted until the "Hot Autumn's" massive strikes and social unrest of 1969–70, which then combined with the later 1973 oil crisis and put an abrupt end to the prolonged boom. It has been calculated that the Italian economy experienced an average rate of growth of GDP of 5.8% per year between 1951–63, and 5% per year between 1964–73.[34] Italian rates of growth were second only, but very close, to the German rates, in Europe, and among the OEEC countries only Japan had been doing better.[35]
From growth to stagnation[edit]




Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti (far left) with G7 leaders in Bonn, 1978.


The 1970s were a period of economic, political turmoil and social unrest in Italy, known as Years of Lead. Unemployment rose sharply, especially among the young, and by 1977 there were one million unemployed people under age 24. Inflation continued, aggravated by the increases in the price of oil in 1973 and 1979. The budget deficit became permanent and intractable, averaging about 10 percent of the gross domestic product (GDP), higher than any other industrial country. The lira fell steadily, from 560 lira to the U.S. dollar in 1973 to 1,400 lira in 1982.[36]
The economic recession went on into the mid-1980s until a set of reforms led to the independence of the Bank of Italy[37] and a big reduction of the indexation of wages[38] that strongly reduced inflation rates, from 20.6% in 1980 to 4.7% in 1987.[39] The new macroeconomic and political stability resulted in a second, export-led "economic miracle", based on small and medium-sized enterprises, producing clothing, leather products, shoes, furniture, textiles, jewelry, and machine tools. As a result of this rapid expansion, in 1987 Italy overtook the British economy (an event known as il sorpasso), becoming the sixth in the world.[40] The Milan stock exchange increased its market capitalization more than fivefold in the space of a few years.[41]




GDP per capita big four Western Europe.


However, the Italian economy of the 1980s presented a problem: it was booming, thanks to increased productivity and surging exports, but unsustainable fiscal deficits drove the growth.[40] In the 1990s, the new Maastricht criteria boosted the urge to curb the public debt, already at 104% of GDP in 1992.[42] The consequent restrictive economic policies worsened the impact of the global recession already underway. After a brief recover at the end of the 1990s, high tax rates and red tape caused the country to stagnate between 2000 and 2008.[43][44]
Great Recession[edit]
Italy was hit hard by the Great Recession and the subsequent European debt crisis. The national economy shrunk by 6.76% during the whole period, totalizing seven-quarters of recession.[45] In November 2011 the Italian bond yield was 6.74 percent for 10-year bonds, nearing a 7 percent level where Italy is thought to lose access to financial markets.[46] According to Eurostat, in 2015 the Italian government debt stood at 128% of GDP, ranking as the second biggest debt ratio after Greece (with 175%).[47] However, the biggest chunk of Italian public debt is owned by Italian nationals [48] and relatively high levels of private savings and low levels of private indebtedness are seen as making it the safest among Europe's struggling economies.[49] As a result of austerity measures, Italy is targeting a public budget deficit of 2.8% in 2015, remaining inside the European Union's 3 percent ceiling.[50]
Overview[edit]
North–South divide[edit]




European Regional Development Fund 2007–2013: Southern Italy is almost all classified under the Convergence objective (GDP per capita less than 75% of the EU average).


Since the unification of Italy in 1861, a wide and increasing economic divide has been noticeably growing between the northern provinces and the southern half of the Italian state. In the early decades of the new kingdom, the lack of an effective land reform, heavy taxes and other economic measures imposed on the South, together with the removal of protectionist tariffs on agricultural goods, made the situation virtually impossible for many tenant farmers and land owners. Multitudes chose to emigrate rather than try to eke out a meager living, especially from 1892 to 1921.[51]
In addition, the surge of brigandage and the Mafia provoked widespread violence, corruption and illegality. After the rise of Benito Mussolini, the "Iron Prefect" Cesare Mori tried to defeat the already powerful criminal organizations flourishing in the South with some degree of success. Fascist policy aimed at the creation of an Italian empire and Southern Italian ports were strategic for all commerce towards the colonies. With the invasion of Southern Italy, the Allies restored the authority of the mafia families, lost during the Fascist period, and used their influence to maintain public order.[52]
In the 1950s the Cassa per il Mezzogiorno was set up as a huge public master plan to help industrialize the South, aiming to do this in two ways: through land reforms creating 120,000 new smallholdings, and through the "Growth Pole Strategy" whereby 60% of all government investment would go to the South, thus boosting the Southern economy by attracting new capital, stimulating local firms, and providing employment. However, the objectives were largely missed, and as a result the South became increasingly subsidized and state dependent, incapable of generating private growth itself.[53]
Even at present, huge regional disparities persist. Problems in Southern Italy still include widespread political corruption, pervasive organized crime, and very high unemployment rates.[54] In 2007, it was estimated that about 80% of the businesses in the Sicilian cities of Catania and Palermo paid protection money;[55] thanks to grassroots movement like Addiopizzo, the mafia racket is slowly but constantly losing its verve.[56][57] The Italian Ministry of Interior reported that organized crime generated an estimated annual profit of €13 billion.[58]
Companies[edit]
Further information: List of companies of Italy




Ferrari is the world's most powerful brand according to the Global 500 annual study published by Brand Finance in 2014.[59]


The country's major companies by sector are: Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, CNH Industrial, Ducati, Piaggio (motor vehicles); Pirelli (tyre manufacturing); Enel, Edison, A2A, Terna (energy); Eni (petrochemicals); Candy, Indesit, De'Longhi (home appliances); Leonardo that has absorbed its subsidiary companies Alenia Aermacchi, AgustaWestland and Oto Melara (defence); Avio, Telespazio (space); Beretta, Benelli (firearms); Armani, Versace, Dolce & Gabbana, Gucci, Benetton, Diesel, Prada, Luxottica, YOOX (fashion); Ferrero, Barilla, Autogrill, Perfetti Van Melle, Campari, Parmalat (food&beverages); Techint, Lucchini, Gruppo Riva, Danieli (steel); Prysmian, Salini Impregilo, Italcementi, Buzzi Unicem, Astaldi (construction); STMicroelectronics (electronics); Telecom Italia, Mediaset (communications); Assicurazioni Generali, Unipol (insurance); UniCredit, Intesa Sanpaolo (banking); Ferrari, Maserati, Lamborghini (luxury vehicles); Fincantieri, Ferretti, Azimut (shipbuilding).[60]
Of the world's 500 largest stock-market-listed companies measured by revenue in 2014, the Fortune Global 500, these are headquartered in Italy.[61]


Rank
Company
Headquarter
Main sector


22
Eni
Rome
Petroleum


24
Exor
Turin
Automotive


48
Assicurazioni Generali
Trieste
Insurance


56
Enel
Rome
Electric Utility


200
Intesa Sanpaolo
Turin
Banking


204
UniCredit
Milan
Banking


319
Telecom Italia
Rome
Telecommunications


336
Poste italiane
Rome
Postal services


439
Unipol
Bologna
Insurance


Wealth[edit]
Further information: List of Italian billionaires




The owner of confectionery manufacturer Ferrero, Michele Ferrero, was the richest Italian in 2014.


Italy has over 1.4 million people with a net wealth greater than $1 million, a total national wealth of $11.857 trillion, and represents the 5th largest cumulative net wealth globally (it accounts for 4.92% of the net wealth in the world).[62] According to the Credit Suisse's Global Wealth Databook 2013, the median wealth per adult is $138,653 (5th in the world),[62] while according to the Allianz's Global Wealth Report 2013, the net financial wealth per capita is €45,770 (13th in the world).[63]
The following top 10 list of Italian billionaires is based on an annual assessment of wealth and assets compiled and published by Forbes in 2014.[64]


Rank
Name
Net Worth ($ bil.)
Main source


31
Michele Ferrero
23.2
Ferrero


37
Leonardo Del Vecchio
20.2
Luxottica


100
Stefano Pessina
11.8
Walgreens Boots Alliance


176
Silvio Berlusconi
7.5
Fininvest


179
Giorgio Armani
7.4
Armani


245
Augusto & Giorgio Perfetti
5.9
Perfetti Van Melle


285
Paolo & Gianfelice Rocca
5.1
Techint


358
Miuccia Prada
4.4
Prada


359
Patrizio Bertelli
4.4
Prada


558
Renzo Rosso
3.1
Diesel


Regional data[edit]
Further information: List of Italian regions by GDP




Gross domestic product per capita at PPP in 2010, by NUTS-2 regions in the European Union.






The labour productivity levels in Europe in 2012. Italy is at the same level of the UK and Finland.



2011 Gross Domestic Product in Italy (2014 data)[65]

NUTS-1 region
€ mil.
€ per cap.
% of the EU average


North-Western Italy
511,484
31,700
124


North-Eastern Italy
364,560
31,200
122


Central Italy
340,669
28,400
111


Southern Italy
243,895
17,200
67


Insular Italy
117,031
17,400
68



2011 Gross Domestic Product in Italy (2014 data)[65]

Region
€ mil.
€ per cap.
NUTS-1 region


Abruzzo
7004300730000000000♠30,073
7004224000000000000♠22,400
South


Aosta Valley[a]
7003432800000000000♠4,328
7004337000000000000♠33,700
North-West


Apulia
7004699740000000000♠69,974
7004171000000000000♠17,100
South


Basilicata
7004107440000000000♠10,744
7004183000000000000♠18,300
South


Calabria
7004330550000000000♠33,055
7004164000000000000♠16,400
South


Campania
7004936350000000000♠93,635
7004160000000000000♠16,000
South


Emilia-Romagna
7005142609000000000♠142,609
7004321000000000000♠32,100
North-East


Friuli-Venezia Giulia[a]
7004366280000000000♠36,628
7004296000000000000♠29,600
North-East


Lazio
7005172246000000000♠172,246
7004300000000000000♠30,000
Centre


Liguria
7004439980000000000♠43,998
7004272000000000000♠27,200
North-West


Lombardy
7005337161000000000♠337,161
7004339000000000000♠33,900
North-West


Marche
7004408770000000000♠40,877
7004261000000000000♠26,100
Centre


Molise
7003641400000000000♠6,414
7004201000000000000♠20,100
South


Piedmont
7005125997000000000♠125,997
7004282000000000000♠28,200
North-West


Sardinia[a]
7004330750000000000♠33,075
7004197000000000000♠19,700
Islands


Sicily[a]
7004839560000000000♠83,956
7004166000000000000♠16,600
Islands


Tuscany
7005106013000000000♠106,013
7004282000000000000♠28,200
Centre


Trentino-South Tyrol[a]
7004357970000000000♠35,797
7004343000000000000♠34,300
North-East


Umbria
7004215330000000000♠21,533
7004237000000000000♠23,700
Centre


Veneto
7005149527000000000♠149,527
7004302000000000000♠30,200
North-East


^a The autonomous regions with special statute have several financial privileges.
Economic sectors[edit]
Primary[edit]




Vineyards near Certaldo, Tuscany. Italy is the world's top wine producer (22% of global market).[19]


According to the last national agricultural census, there were 1.6 million farms in 2010 (-32.4% since 2000) covering 12.7 million hectares (63% of which are located in Southern Italy).[66] The vast majority (99%) are family-operated and small, averaging only 8 hectares in size.[66] Of the total surface area in agricultural use (forestry excluded), grain fields take up 31%, olive tree orchards 8.2%, vineyards 5.4%, citrus orchards 3.8%, sugar beets 1.7%, and horticulture 2.4%. The remainder is primarily dedicated to pastures (25.9%) and feed grains (11.6%).[66] The northern part of Italy produces primarily maize corn, rice, sugar beets, soybeans, meat, fruits and dairy products, while the South specializes in wheat and citrus fruits. Livestock includes 6 million head of cattle, 8.6 million head of swine, 6.8 million head of sheep, and 0.9 million head of goats.[66] The total annual production of the fishing industry in Italy from capture and aquaculture, including crustaceans and molluscs, stood at 480 tons.
Italy is the first largest producer of wine in the world, and one of the leading in olive oil, fruits (apples, olives, grapes, oranges, lemons, pears, apricots, hazelnuts, peaches, cherries, plums, strawberries and kiwifruits), and vegetables (especially artichokes and tomatoes). The most famous Italian wines are probably the Tuscan Chianti and the Piedmontese Barolo. Other famous wines are Barbaresco, Barbera d'Asti, Brunello di Montalcino, Frascati, Montepulciano d'Abruzzo, Morellino di Scansano, and the sparkling wines Franciacorta and Prosecco. Quality goods in which Italy specialises, particularly the already mentioned wines and regional cheeses, are often protected under the quality assurance labels DOC/DOP. This geographical indication certificate, which is attributed by the European Union, is considered important in order to avoid confusion with low-quality mass-produced ersatz products.
Secondary[edit]




Italy's Product Exports Treemap in 2014 from Harvard Atlas of Economic Complexity.


Italy has a smaller number of global multinational corporations than other economies of comparable size, but there is a large number of small and medium-sized enterprises, many of them grouped in clusters, which are the backbone of the Italian industry.[67] This has produced a manufacturing sector often focused on the export of niche market and luxury products, that on one side is less capable of competing on quantity, but on the other side is more capable of facing the competition from emerging economies based on lower labor costs, with higher quality products.[68] The industrial districts are regionalized: in the Northwest there is a large modern group of industries, as in the so-called "Industrial Triangle" (Milan-Turin-Genoa), where there is an area of intense machinery, automotive, aerospace and naval production; in the Northeast and the Center, previously rural areas that experienced social and economic development around family-based firms, there are small enterprises of low technology but high craftsmanship, specialized in clothing, leather products, footwear, furniture, textiles, machine tools, spare parts, appliances, and jewellery; finally, in the less-developed South, the two forms exist side by side.[67][69]
Tertiary[edit]



This section is empty. You can help by adding to it. (February 2015)


Infrastructure[edit]
Energy and natural resources[edit]
Main article: Energy in Italy




Wind turbines in Varese Ligure.


In the early 1970s Italy was a major producer of pyrites (from the Tuscan Maremma), asbestos (from the Balangero mines), fluorite (found in Sicily), and salt. At the same time, it was self-sufficient in aluminum (from Gargano), sulfur (from Sicily), lead, and zinc (from Sardinia).[70] By the beginning of the 1990s, however, it had lost all its world-ranking positions and was no longer self-sufficient in those resources. There are no substantial deposits of iron, coal, or oil. Moderate natural gas reserves, mainly in the Po Valley and offshore Adriatic Sea, have been discovered in recent years and constitute the country's most important mineral resource. Italy is one of the world's leading producers of pumice, pozzolana, and feldspar.[70] Another mineral resource for which Italy is well-known is marble, especially the world-famous white Carrara marble from the Massa and Carrara quarries in Tuscany. Most raw materials needed for manufacturing and more than 80% of the country's energy sources are imported (99.7% of the solid fuels demand, 92.5% of oil, 91.2% of natural gas and 13% of electricity).[71][72] Due to its reliance on imports, Italians pay approximately 45% more than the EU average for electricity.[73]
Italy has managed four nuclear reactors until the 1980s, but in 1987, after the Chernobyl disaster, a large majority of Italians passed a referendum opting for phasing out nuclear power in Italy. The government responded by closing existing nuclear power plants and stopping work on projects underway, continuing to work to the nuclear energy program abroad. The national power company Enel operates seven nuclear reactors in Spain (through Endesa) and four in Slovakia (through Slovenské elektrárne),[74] and in 2005 made an agreement with Électricité de France for a nuclear reactor in France.[73] With these agreements, Italy has managed to access nuclear power and direct involvement in design, construction, and operation of the plants without placing reactors on Italian territory.[73]
In the last decade, Italy has become one of the world's largest producers of renewable energy, ranking as the third largest producer in the European Union after Germany and Sweden.[75] The country is also the world's second largest producer of energy from solar power.[76] Renewable sources account for the 27.5% of all electricity produced in Italy, with hydro alone reaching 12.6%, followed by solar at 5.7%, wind at 4.1%, bioenergy at 3.5%, and geothermal at 1.6%.[75] The rest of the national demand is covered by fossil fuels (38.2% natural gas, 13% coal, 8.4% oil) and by imports.[75]
Transport[edit]
Main article: Transport in Italy




Rome Fiumicino Airport in 2014 was the eighth-busiest airport in Europe.


Italy was the first country in the world to build motorways, the so-called "autostrade", reserved for motor vehicles. The Milano-Laghi motorway, connecting Milan to Varese and now parts of the A8 and A9 motorways, was devised by Piero Puricelli, a civil engineer and entrepreneur. He received the first authorization to build a public-utility fast road in 1921, and completed the construction between 1924 and 1926. By the end of the 1930s, over 400 kilometers of multi- and dual-single-lane motorways were constructed throughout Italy, linking cities and rural towns. Today there are 668,721 km of serviceable roads in Italy, including 6,661 km of motorways (mostly toll roads, national and local roads), state-owned but privately operated mainly by Atlantia company.
The railway network is also extensive, especially in the north, totalizing 16,862 km of which 69% are electrified and on which 4,937 locomotives and railcars circulate. It is the 12th largest in the world, and is operated by state-owned Ferrovie dello Stato, while the rail tracks and infrastructure are managed by Rete Ferroviaria Italiana. While a number of private railroads exist and provide mostly commuter-type services, the national railway also provides sophisticated high-speed rail service that joins the major cities. The Florence–Rome high-speed railway was the first high-speed line opened in Europe when more than half of it opened in 1977. In 1991 the TAV was created for the planning and construction of high-speed rail lines along Italy's most important and saturated transport routes (Milan-Rome-Naples and Turin-Milan-Venice). High-speed trains include ETR-class trains, with the Frecciarossa 1000 reaching 400 km/h.
There are approximately 130 airports in Italy, of which 99 have paved runways (including the two hubs of Leonardo Da Vinci International in Rome and Malpensa International in Milan), and 43 major seaports including the Port of Genoa, the country's largest and the third busiest by cargo tonnage in the Mediterranean Sea. The national inland waterway network comprises 1,477 km of navigable rivers and channels. In 2007 Italy maintained a civilian air fleet of about 389,000 units and a merchant fleet of 581 ships.[77]
Finance[edit]
Main article: List of banks in Italy
The origins of modern banking can be traced to medieval and early Renaissance Italy, to the rich cities like Florence, Lucca, Siena, Venice and Genoa. The Bardi and Peruzzi families dominated banking in 14th century Florence, establishing branches in many other parts of Europe.[78] One of the most famous Italian banks was the Medici Bank, set up by Giovanni di Bicci de' Medici in 1397.[79] The earliest known state deposit bank, the Bank of Saint George, was founded in 1407 in Genoa,[80] while Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena, founded in 1472, is the oldest surviving bank in the world. Today, among the financial services companies, UniCredit is one of the largest bank in Europe by capitalization and Assicurazioni Generali is second largest insurance group in the world by revenue after AXA.
This is a list of the major Italian banks and insurance groups ranked by total assets and gross premiums written.

As of 31 December 2013





Banks[60]

Rank
Company
Headquarter
Assets (€ mil.)


1
UniCredit
Milan
982,151


2
Intesa Sanpaolo
Turin
676,798


3
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena
Siena
197,943


4
Banco Popolare
Verona
123,743


5
UBI Banca
Bergamo
121,323


6
Banca Nazionale del Lavoro
Rome
84,892


7
Mediobanca
Milan
72,428


8
Banca Popolare dell'Emilia Romagna
Modena
61,266


9
Banca Popolare di Milano
Milan
49,257


10
Crédit Agricole–Cariparma Group
Parma
48,235





Insurance groups[60]

Rank
Company
Headquarter
Premiums (€ mil.)


1
Assicurazioni Generali
Trieste
62,535


2
Unipol (UnipolSai and other subsidiaries)
Bologna
16,673


3
Poste italiane (Poste Vita and Poste Assicura)
Rome
13,244


4
Intesa Sanpaolo (Intesa Sanpaolo Vita)
Turin
11,948


5
Allianz (Allianz S.p.A. only)
Trieste
7,296


6
Banca Mediolanum
Milan
4,596


7
Cattolica Assicurazioni
Verona
4,221


8
BNP Paribas's Italian subsidiary

4,174


9
Reale Mutua Assicurazioni
Turin
3,539


10
CNP Assurances–UniCredit (CNP UniCredit Vita)
Milan
2,562


11
Crédit Agricole (Crédit Agricole Vita)

2,213


12
Aviva (Aviva Italia Holding)
Milan
2,151


13
AXA's Italian subsidiary

1,872


14
Groupama's Italian subsidiary

1,484


15
Old Mutual (Old Mutual Wealth Italy)

1,201


16
Vittoria Assicurazioni
Milan
1,150


17
AXA-Banca MPS (AXA MPS Assicurazioni Danni, AXA MPS Assicurazioni Vita )

1,109


18
Covéa–Banca Popolare di Milano (Bipiemme Vita)

1,089


19
Banca Carige (Carige Vita Nuova)
Genoa
1,029


20
Zurich Insurance (Zurich Investment Life)

935





Poverty[edit]
In 2015, poverty in Italy hit the high levels in the previous 10 years. The level of absolute poverty for a 2 people family was 1050,95€/month. The poverty line per capita changed by region from 552,39€/month to 819,13€/month.The numbers of those in absolute poverty rose nearly an entire percent in 2015, from 6.8% in 2014, to 7.6% in 2015.[81] In the south of Italy the numbers are even higher with 10% living in absolute poverty, up from 9 percent in 2014. The north is better off at 6.7%, but still an increase from 5.7% in 2014.[81] The national statics reporting agency, ISTAT, defines absolute poverty as those who can’t buy goods and services which they need to survive. In 2015, the proportion of poor households in relative poverty also increased in 2015 to 13.7 from 12.9 in 2014. ISTAT defines relative poverty as people whose disposable income is less than around half the national average. The unemployment rate in February 2016 remained at 11.7%, which has been the same for almost a year, but even having a job doesn’t guarantee freedom from poverty.[82] Those who have at least one family employed still suffer from 6.1% to 11.7% poverty, the higher number being for those who have factory jobs. The numbers are even higher for the younger generations because their unemployment rate is over 40%. Also, children are hit hard. In 2014, 32% of those aged 0–17 are at risk of poverty or social exclusion, which is one child out of three. In the last ISTAT report poverty is in decline.[83]
References[edit]


^ "Italy". International Monetary Fund. Retrieved 29 June 2015. 
^ http://www.ilsole24ore.com/art/notizie/2017-06-01/pil-l-istat-rivede-rialzo-crescita-i-trimestre-04percento-12percento-anno--100105.shtml?uuid=AEJ7kyWB
^ http://www.ansa.it/sito/notizie/economia/2016/03/14/poverta-istat-in-2014-assoluta-per-147-mln-famiglie_5faaef89-d222-41dd-a04f-6f43459dbc0a.html.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "People at risk of poverty or social exclusion - Eurostat". Eurostat. December 2015. Retrieved 14 March 2016. 
^ "Gini coefficient of equivalised disposable income (source: SILC)". Luxembourg: Eurostat. 15 June 2017. Retrieved 24 June 2017. 
^ http://www.repubblica.it/economia/miojob/lavoro/2017/02/28/news/il_reddito_medio_degli_italiani_a_20_690_euro_bonus_80_euro_da_restituire_per_un_milione_e_700mila_persone-159456014/?ref=RHPPLF-BH-I0-C8-P1-S1.8-T1
^ "Ease of Doing Business in Italy". Doingbusiness.org. Retrieved 2017-01-25. 
^ https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/rankorder/2078rank.html#it
^ https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/rankorder/2087rank.html#it
^ "Biggest aid donors". BBC News. Retrieved 26 March 2009. 
^ "Sovereigns Rating List". Standard & Poor's. Retrieved 26 May 2011. 
^ Bufacchi, Isabella (16 October 2014). "Moody’s confirms stable outlook on Italy’s "Baa2" sovereign rating". Il Sole 24 Ore. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "Fitch Affirms Italy at 'BBB+'; Outlook Stable". Reuters. Retrieved 24 October 2014. 
^ "CIA World Factbook: Italy". CIA. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "The Economist Intelligence Unit’s quality-of-life index" (PDF). The Economist. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Stringa, Giovanni (5 January 2013). "Italia terza al mondo per riserve d'oro, per ogni cittadino dote di 1.650 euro". Corriere della Sera. Retrieved 6 February 2015. 
^ "Quel bilancio Ue poco equilibrato". Il Sole 24 Ore. 1 February 2013. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "Manufacturing statistics". Eurostat. November 2015. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ a b Woodard, Richard (19 March 2013). "Italian wine now 22% of global market". Decanter. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ [1]
^ Italy remains the third market for luxury goods
^ "Convergence between Eu countries and a gap at the territorial level between Italian regions". ISTAT. 19 October 2011. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ [2]
^ [3]
^ Ciccarelli, Carlo; Fenoaltea, Stefano (July 2010). "Through the Magnifying Glass: Provincial Aspects of Industrial Growth in Post-Unification Italy" (PDF). Banca d'Italia. p. 4. 
^ Cohen, Robin (1995). The Cambridge Survey of World Migration. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 114. ISBN 0-521-44405-5. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Clark, Martin (1984). Modern Italy, 1871-1982. New York: Longman. p. 186. ISBN 0-582-48361-1. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ a b c Knight, Patricia (2003). Mussolini and Fascism. New York: Routledge. pp. 64–65. ISBN 0-415-27921-6. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Welk, William G. (1938). Fascist Economy Policy: An Analysis of Italy's Economic Experiment. Cambridge: Harvard University Press. p. 166. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Morgan, Philip (2003). Italian Fascism, 1915-1945. Basingstoke: Macmillan Publishers. p. 160. ISBN 0-333-94998-6. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Lyttelton, Adrian (2002). Liberal and Fascist Italy, 1900-1945. Oxford: Oxford University Press. p. 13. ISBN 0-198-73198-1. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Tagliabue, John (11 August 2007). "Italian Pride Is Revived in a Tiny Fiat". The New York Times. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Hogan, Michael J. (1987). The Marshall Plan: America, Britain, and the reconstruction of Western Europe, 1947–1952. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. pp. 44–45. ISBN 0-521-37840-0. 
^ a b Crafts, Nicholas; Toniolo, Gianni (1996). Economic Growth in Europe Since 1945. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 428. ISBN 0-521-49627-6. 
^ Di Nolfo, Ennio (1992). Power in Europe? Great Britain, France, Germany, and Italy, and the Origins of the EEC, 1952–57. Berlin: Walter de Gruyter. p. 198. ISBN 3-11-012158-1. 
^ "Italy since 1945: Demographic and social change". Encyclopædia Britannica Online. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Vicarelli, Fausto; Sylla, Richard; Cairncross, Alec (1988). Central banks' independence in historical perspective. Berlin: Walter de Gruyter. p. 180. ISBN 978-3110114409. 
^ "Italy since 1945: The economy in the 1980s". Encyclopædia Britannica Online. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "L’Italia in 150 anni. Sommario di statistiche storiche 1861-2010". ISTAT. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ a b Vietor, Richard (1 April 2001). "Italy’s Economic Half-Miracle". Strategy&. Retrieved 8 October 2014. 
^ "Italian Stock Exchange: Main Indicators (1975-2012)". Borsa Italiana. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "Italy: General government gross debt (Percent of GDP)". International Monetary Fund. Retrieved 8 October 2014. 
^ Balcerowicz, Leszek (2013). Economic Growth in the European Union (PDF). Brussels: Lisbon Council. p. 13. ISBN 978-9-0902-7915-2. Retrieved 8 October 2014. 
^ ""Secular stagnation" in graphics". The Economist. 19 November 2014. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "Quarterly Growth Rates of real GDP, change over previous quarter". OECD. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Moody, Barry; Mackenzie, James (8 November 2011). "Berlusconi to resign after parliamentary setback". Reuters. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "General government gross debt". Eurostat. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Auret, Lisa (18 May 2010). "Could Italy Be Better Off than its Peers?". CNBC. Retrieved 30 May 2011. 
^ Sanderson, Rachel (10 January 2011). "Italian deficit narrows in third quarter". Financial Times. Retrieved 16 July 2011. 
^ Fonte, Giuseppe (25 September 2014). "Italy to cut 2014, 2015 GDP forecasts, hike deficit goals". Reuters. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Smith, Dennis M. (1997). Modern Italy: A Political History. Ann Arbor: University of Michigan Press. pp. 209–210. ISBN 978-0-472-10895-4. 
^ Newark, Tim (2007). Mafia Allies: The True Story of America's Secret Alliance with the Mob in World War II. London: MBI Publishing Company. pp. 123–135. ISBN 978-0-7603-2457-8. 
^ "Italy: The South". Encyclopædia Britannica Online. 3 February 2015. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Astarita, Tommaso (2005). Between Salt Water and Holy Water: A History of Southern Italy. New York: W. W. Norton & Company. ISBN 0-393-05864-6. 
^ Kiefer, Peter (22 October 2007). "Mafia crime is 7% of GDP in Italy, group reports". New York Times. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Addiopizzo (30 October 2014). "Report on the activity of "Addiopizzo Catania"" (PDF). European Parliament. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Kington, Tom (9 March 2008). "Shopkeepers revolt against Sicilian Mafia". The Guardian. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ "Gli investimenti delle mafie" (PDF). Programma Operativo Nazionale. Obiettivo Sud. 16 January 2013. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Haigh, Robert (18 February 2014). "Ferrari – The World’s Most Powerful Brand". Brand Finance. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ a b c "Leading Italian Companies". Mediobanca. October 2014. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Mehta, Stephanie (2014). "2014 Fortune Global 500". Fortune. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ a b "Global Wealth Databook 2013" (PDF). Credit Suisse. October 2013. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ "Global Wealth Report 2013" (PDF). Allianz. August 2013. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Kroll, Luisa; Dolan, Kerry A. (2014). "The Richest People On The Planet 2014". Fortune. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ a b "Regional GDP per capita in the EU in 2011" (PDF). Eurostat. 27 February 2014. Retrieved 7 March 2014. 
^ a b c d "Censimento Agricoltura 2010". ISTAT. 24 October 2010. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ a b Mignone, Mario B. (2008). Italy today: Facing the Challenges of the New Millennium. New York: Lang Publishing. pp. 161–162. ISBN 978-1-4331-0187-8. 
^ "Knowledge Economy Forum 2008: Innovative Small And Medium Enterprises Are Key To Europe & Central Asian Growth". World Bank. 19 May 2005. Retrieved 17 June 2008. 
^ Friedman, Jonathan (2003). Globalization, the State, and Violence. Lanham: Rowman & Littlefield. p. 97. ISBN 0-7591-0280-5. 
^ a b "Italy, the economy: Resources and power". Encyclopædia Britannica Online. 3 February 2015. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Eurostat (2008). "Energy, transport and environment indicators" (PDF). EU Bookshop. ISBN 978-92-79-09835-2. Retrieved 10 May 2009. 
^ Eurostat (2009). "Panorama of Energy" (PDF). EU Bookshop. ISBN 978-92-79-11151-8. Retrieved 10 May 2009. 
^ a b c "Emerging Nuclear Energy Countries". World Nuclear Association. December 2014. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ "Nuclear Production". Enel. 31 December 2013. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ a b c "Rapporto Statistico sugli Impianti a fonti rinnovabili" (PDF). Gestore dei Servizi Energetici. 19 December 2013. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ "International Energy Statistics". Energy Information Administration. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ Eurostat (2007). "Panorama of Transport" (PDF). European Commission. ISBN 978-92-79-04618-6. Retrieved 3 May 2009. 
^ Hoggson, Noble F. (1926). Banking Through the Ages. New York: Dodd, Mead and Company. p. 76. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ Goldthwaite, Richard A. (1995). Banks, Palaces, and Entrepreneurs in Renaissance Florence. Aldershot: Ashgate Publishing. ISBN 978-0-860-78484-5. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ Macesich, George (2000). Issues in Money and Banking. Westport: Greenwood Publishing Group. p. 42. ISBN 978-0-275-96777-2. Retrieved 12 March 2009. 
^ a b "Poverty in Italy" (PDF). http://www.istat.it/. Istats. Retrieved 1 December 2016.  External link in |website= (help)
^ "Unemployment by sex and age - monthly average". eurostat.ec. eurostat. Retrieved 2 December 2016. 
^ "Italy: tackling child poverty and overcoming the crisis - European Platform for Investing in Children (EPIC) - European Union". europa.eu. Europa. Retrieved 2 December 2016. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Economy of Italy.



OECD's Italy country website
Italy’s economy and economic policies, on the International Monetary Fund’s website
World Bank Trade Summary Statistics Italy 2013
Italian National Institute of Statistic (ISTAT)
Comprehensive current and historical economic data
Tariffs applied by Italy as provided by ITC's Market Access Map, an online database of customs tariffs and market requirements
Italy Gross Domestic Product (GDP) QoQ







v
t
e


Italy articles



History




Chronology



Prehistory

Italic peoples
Ancient Italian peoples
Pre-Nuragic Sardinia
Nuragic peoples


Etruscan Civilization
Nuragic Civilization
Phoenician / Carthaginian colonies
Magna Graecia
Ancient Rome

Kingdom
Republic
Empire


Middle Ages

Italy under Odoacer
Ostrogoths
Lombards
Regnum Italiae
Arabs
Normans
Guelphs and Ghibellines
Italian city-states
Maritime republics


Renaissance

Italian Wars


Early Modern period
Unification
Monarchy and the World Wars

Kingdom of Italy
Colonial Empire
World War I
Fascist Italy
World War II
Resistance
Civil War


Republic

Economic Boom
Years of Lead
Years of Mud
Mani pulite







By topic



Citizenship
Currency
Economy
Fashion
Flags
Genetic
Historic states
Military
Music
Postal
Railways











Geography







Peninsula
Northern

Northwest
Northeast


Central
Southern

South
Insular


Fauna
Flora
Volcanology

Volcanoes


Mountains

Prealps
Alps
Apennines


Beaches
Canals
Caves
Earthquakes
Islands
Lakes
National parks
Rivers
Valleys








Politics







Constitution
Elections
Referendums
Foreign relations

Missions


Judiciary
Law enforcement
Military
Parliament

Chamber of Deputies
Senate


Political parties
President
Prime Minister
Council of Ministers
Regions
Provinces
Metropolitan cities
Municipalities
Cities








Economy







Economic history

Milan
Naples
Rome
Turin


Regions by GDP
Automotive industry
Banking

Central Bank


Companies
Energy
Government debt
Science and technology
Stock exchange
Taxation
Telecommunications

Internet


Tourism
Trade unions
Transportation
Welfare








Society







Abortion
Adoption
Billionaires
Capital punishment
Corruption
Crime
Demographics
Education

Secondary
Higher
Universities


Emigration
Fathers' rights movement
Feminism
Gambling
Health
Healthcare
Immigration
LGBT rights
Nobility
Prostitution
Racism
Religion
Smoking
Social class
Terrorism
Women





Culture



Duecento
Trecento
Quattrocento
Cinquecento
Seicento
Settecento


Architecture
Art
Castles
Cinema
Cuisine

Wine


Decorations
Design
Fashion
Festivals
Folklore
Italophilia
Italophobia
Languages and dialects

Italian


Literature
Media

Newspapers
Radio
TV


Monuments
Mythology
Music

Classical
Folk
Opera
Popular


National symbols

Anthem
Emblem
Flag

Regions


Personification


People
Philosophy
Public holidays
Sculpture
Sport
Traditions
World Heritage Sites











 Italy portal
 WikiProject
 Commons
Quotes
 News
Travel
 Category












v
t
e


Economy of Italy




 Companies of Italy



Industry and business



Companies
Exports
Made in Italy
Automotive
Steel industry
Film
Fashion
Luxury Real Estate
Robotics





Research



ELETTRA
ENEA
Italian Space Agency (ASI)
Erzelli Hi-Tech Park
Istituto Italiano di Tecnologia





Energy



Renewable

Wind
Solar
Geothermal


Oil

Oil refineries







Infrastructure



Transport
Communications
Tourism





Taxation



Tax system





Finance and banking



Banking
Stock Exchange





Development



International rankings
Science and technology





Events



2006 Winter Olympics
Bologna Motor Show
Biennale di Venezia
Concorso d'Eleganza Villa d'Este
EICMA
Expo 2015
Euroflora
Fieracavalli
Genoa International Boat Show
Lucca Comics & Games
Salone Internazionale del Gusto
Salone Internazionale del Mobile di Milano
Settimana della moda
MICAM
Palio di Siena
Rome Film Festival
Venice Film Festival
Vinitaly








See also:  Category
Economy of Europe












v
t
e


Economy of Europe



Sovereign states



Albania
Andorra
Armenia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Belarus
Belgium
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Georgia
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Iceland
Ireland

Italy
Kazakhstan
Latvia
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malta
Moldova
Monaco
Montenegro
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russia
San Marino
Serbia
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Turkey
Ukraine
United Kingdom
Vatican City





States with limited
recognition



Abkhazia
Kosovo
Nagorno-Karabakh
Northern Cyprus
South Ossetia
Transnistria





Dependencies and
other entities



Åland
Faroe Islands
Gibraltar
Guernsey
Isle of Man
Jersey
Svalbard





Other entities



European Union












v
t
e


World Trade Organization



System



Accession and membership
Appellate Body
Dispute Settlement Body
International Trade Centre
Chronology of key events





Issues



Criticism
Doha Development Round
Singapore issues
Quota Elimination
Peace Clause





Agreements



General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
Agriculture
Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures
Technical Barriers to Trade
Trade Related Investment Measures
Trade in Services
Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights
Government Procurement
Information Technology
Marrakech Agreement
Doha Declaration
Bali Package





Ministerial
Conferences



1st (1996)
2nd (1998)
3rd (1999)
4th (2001)
5th (2003)
6th (2005)
7th (2009)
8th (2011)
9th (2013)
10th (2015)





People



Roberto Azevêdo (Director-General)
Pascal Lamy (former Director-General)
Supachai Panitchpakdi (former Director-General)
Deputy Directors-General:

Yonov Frederick Agah
Karl Brauner
David Shark
Yi Xiaozhun

former: Alejandro Jara
Valentine Rugwabiza
Harsha Singh
Rufus Yerxa









Members



Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
Angola
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belize
Benin
Bolivia
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Republic of the Congo
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Cuba
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
European Union¹
Fiji
Gabon
The Gambia
Georgia
Ghana
Grenada
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong²
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Israel
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
South Korea
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Lesotho
Liberia
Liechtenstein
Macau²
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Moldova
Mongolia
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nepal
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Qatar
Russia
Rwanda
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Suriname
Swaziland
Switzerland
Tajikistan
Taiwan³
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe


1. All twenty-eight member states of the European Union are also members of the WTO in their own right:

Austria
Belgium
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malta
Netherlands
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom


2. Special administrative regions of the People's Republic of China, participates as "Hong Kong, China" and "Macao China".
3. Officially the Republic of China, participates as "Separate Customs Territory of Taiwan, Penghu, Kinmen and Matsu", and "Chinese Taipei" in short.











v
t
e


Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD)



History



Convention on the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development
OECD Anti-Bribery Convention





Guidelines



Multinational Enterprises
Testing of Chemicals










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Economy_of_Italy&oldid=792129020"					
Categories: Economy of ItalyEconomic history of ItalyEuropean Union member economiesOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development member economiesWorld Trade Organization member economiesHidden categories: Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsCS1 errors: external linksUse dmy dates from April 2014Articles to be expanded from February 2015All articles to be expandedArticles with empty sections from February 2015All articles with empty sectionsArticles using small message boxes 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাБеларускаяБългарскиCatalàČeštinaEspañolفارسیFrançaisGalegoIdoItalianoქართულიLietuviųMagyarمصرىBahasa MelayuOccitanPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийShqipSuomiУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 17:03.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Economy of Italy - Wikipedia






















 






Economy of Italy

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Economy of Italy


Milan is the financial centre of Italy



Currency
Euro (EUR), except in Campione d'Italia (CHF)



Fiscal year

calendar year



Trade organisations

European Union, WTO, OECD, AIIB


Statistics


GDP
$1.850,735 trillion (nominal, 2016); $2.234,500 trillion (PPP, 2016)[1]


GDP rank
8th (nominal) / 12th (PPP)



GDP growth

 +0.4% Q1 2017,+1.2% acquired 2017 [2]



GDP per capita

$30,507 (nominal, 2016);
$36,833 (PPP, 2016)



GDP by sector

services (74%), industry (24%), agriculture (2%)



Inflation (CPI)

 +1.2% (June 2017)



Population below poverty line

5.7% in poverty, 2014;[3] 24.7% at risk of poverty or social exclusion, 2014[4]



Gini coefficient

0.324 (2015)[5]



Labour force

 25.7 million



Labour force by occupation

services (68%), industry (28%), agriculture (4%)


Unemployment
 11.1% May 2017



Average gross salary


€20,690 ($23,260), yearly (+1.3%) (2016)
[6] (as gross income and not gross wage)



Main industries

iron and steel, cement, chemicals, plastics, production machinery, motor vehicles, shipbuilding, space and aircraft, machine tools, communications, medical apparatus, pharmaceuticals, food and beverages processing, textiles, clothing, fashion, home appliances, tourism



Ease-of-doing-business rank

50th (2017)[7]


External


Exports
 $436.3 billion (2016)[8]



Export goods

engineering products; electrical equipment; vehicles, aircraft and vessels; base metals and steel; textiles, clothing and footwear; chemicals; food and beverages; precious metals; optical and medical apparatus; stone, cement and glass products; paper



Main export partners

 Germany 12.6%
 France 11.1%
 United States 6.8%
  Switzerland 5.7%
 United Kingdom 4.7%
 Spain 4.4%


Imports
 $372.2 billion (2016)[9]



Import goods

minerals; engineering products; chemicals; motor vehicles; base metals; plastics; textiles



Main import partners

 Germany 14.7%
 France 8.4%
 China 8.4%
 Russia 6.3%
 Netherlands 5.8%
 Spain 4.5%



FDI stock

$0.7 trillion



Gross external debt

 $2.6 trillion


Public finances



Public debt

 131% of GDP


Revenues
$1.0 trillion


Expenses
$1.1 trillion


Economic aid
Donor: $2.5 billion, 0.15% of GDP[10]



Credit rating

Standard & Poor's: BBB+[11]
Outlook: Stable
Moody's: BAA2[12]
Outlook: Stable
Fitch: BBB+[13]
Outlook: Stable



Foreign reserves

$0.2 trillion



Main data source: CIA World Fact Book
All values, unless otherwise stated, are in US dollars.



The economy of Italy is the 3rd-largest national economy in the eurozone, the 8th-largest by nominal GDP in the world, and the 12th-largest by GDP (PPP). The country is a founding member of the European Union, the Eurozone, the OECD, the G7 and the G20. Italy is the eighth largest exporter in the world with $514 billion exported in 2016. Its closest trade ties are with the other countries of the European Union, with whom it conducts about 59% of its total trade. The largest trading partners, in order of market share, are Germany (12.6%), France (11.1%), United States (6.8%), Switzerland (5.7%), United Kingdom (4.7%), and Spain (4.4%).[14]
In the post-war period, Italy was transformed from an agricultural based economy which had been severely affected by the consequences of the World Wars, into one of the world's most industrialized nations, and a leading country in world trade and exports. According to the Human Development Index, the country enjoys a very high standard of living, and has the world's 8th highest quality of life according to The Economist.[15] Italy owns the world's third-largest gold reserve,[16] and is the third net contributor to the budget of the European Union.[17] The country is also well known for its influential and innovative business economic sector, an industrious (Italy is the second largest manufacturer in Europe[18] behind Germany) and competitive agricultural sector (Italy is the world's largest wine producer),[19] and for its creative and high-quality automobile, naval, industrial, appliance and fashion design. Italy is the largest market for luxury goods in Europe (third in the world) and the country's private wealth is one of the largest in the world.[20][21]
Despite these important achievements, the country's economy today suffers from structural and non-structural problems. After strong GDP growth in 1945–1990, the last two decades' average annual growth rates were below the EU average with Italy being hit particularly hard by the late-2000s recession. The stagnation in economic growth, and the political efforts to revive it with massive government spending from the 1980s onwards, eventually produced a severe rise in public debt. In addition, Italian living standards have a considerable North–South divide: the average GDP per capita in Northern and Central Italy significantly exceeds the EU average, while some regions and provinces in Southern Italy are dramatically below.[22]
In recent years, Italy's GDP per capita growth slowly returned to the level of its major partners[23] while its employment rate still lags behind due to a large number of undeclared workers (estimated between 10% and 20% of the labour force) counted among the inactive or the unemployed.[24]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Fascist era
1.2 Post-war economic miracle
1.3 From growth to stagnation
1.4 Great Recession


2 Overview

2.1 North–South divide
2.2 Companies
2.3 Wealth
2.4 Regional data


3 Economic sectors

3.1 Primary
3.2 Secondary
3.3 Tertiary


4 Infrastructure

4.1 Energy and natural resources
4.2 Transport


5 Finance
6 Poverty
7 References
8 External links



History[edit]
Main article: Economic history of Italy




Terni steel mills in 1912.


After the unification, industrialization was largely artisanal, and located in the former political capitals; factory industry was instead attracted by the waterfalls of the subalpine Northwest. From the 1880s, as modernization accelerated, industry concentrated in the Lombard and Piedmontese provinces with the boom in textiles, then particularly in Turin and Milan with the engineering boom; and in Liguria's Genoa, which captured civil and naval shipbuilding.[25]
The diffusion of the industrialization process that characterized the northern and central parts of the country starting from the 1880s, completely excluded large areas in the Northeast and in Southern Italy. The resulting Italian diaspora concerned nearly 26 million Italians, the most part immigrated in the period 1880–1914, and it is considered the biggest mass migration of contemporary times.[26] During the Great War, the Italian Royal Army increased in size, with 5 million recruits in total entering service during the war.[27] This came at a terrible cost: by the end of the war, Italy had lost 700,000 soldiers and had a budget deficit of billions of lira.
Fascist era[edit]
Main article: Economy of Italy under fascism




Achille Starace and Italo Balbo visit Alfa Romeo.


Italy emerged from World War I in a poor and weakened condition. The National Fascist Party of Benito Mussolini came to power in 1922, at the end of a period of social unrest. However, once Mussolini acquired a firmer hold of power, laissez-faire and free trade were progressively abandoned in favour of government intervention and protectionism.[28]
In 1929, Italy was hit hard by the Great Depression.[29] Trying to handle the crisis, the Fascist government nationalized the holdings of large banks which had accrued significant industrial securities, establishing the Istituto per la Ricostruzione Industriale.[30] A number of mixed entities were formed, whose purpose it was to bring together representatives of the government and of the major businesses. These representatives discussed economic policy and manipulated prices and wages so as to satisfy both the wishes of the government and the wishes of business.[28]
This economic model based on a partnership between government and business was soon extended to the political sphere, in what came to be known as corporatism. At the same time, the aggressive foreign policy of Mussolini led to an increasing military expenditure. After the invasion of Ethiopia, Italy intervened to support Franco's nationalists in the Spanish Civil War. By 1939, Italy had the highest percentage of state-owned enterprises after the Soviet Union.[28]
Italy's involvement in World War II as a member of the Axis powers required the establishment of a war economy. The Allied invasion of Italy in 1943 eventually caused the Italian political structure – and the economy – to rapidly collapse. The Allies, on the one hand, and the Germans on the other, took over the administration of the areas of Italy under their control. By the end of the war, Italian per capita income was at its lowest point since the beginning of the 20th century.[31]
Post-war economic miracle[edit]
Main article: Italian economic miracle




The Fiat 500, launched in 1957, is considered a symbol of Italy's postwar economic miracle.[32]


After the end of World War II, Italy was in rubble and occupied by foreign armies, a condition that worsened the chronic development gap towards the more advanced European economies. However, the new geopolitical logic of the Cold War made possible that the former enemy Italy, a hinge-country between Western Europe and the Mediterranean, and now a new, fragile democracy threatened by the NATO occupation forces, the proximity of the Iron Curtain and the presence of a strong Communist party,[33] was considered by the USA as an important ally for the Free World, and received under the Marshall Plan US$1,204 million from 1947-51.
The end of aid through the Plan could have stopped the recovery but it coincided with a crucial point in the Korean War whose demand for metal and manufactured products was a further stimulus of Italian industrial production. In addition, the creation in 1957 of the European Common Market, with Italy as a founding member, provided more investment and eased exports.[34]
These favorable developments, combined with the presence of a large labour force, laid the foundation for spectacular economic growth that lasted almost uninterrupted until the "Hot Autumn's" massive strikes and social unrest of 1969–70, which then combined with the later 1973 oil crisis and put an abrupt end to the prolonged boom. It has been calculated that the Italian economy experienced an average rate of growth of GDP of 5.8% per year between 1951–63, and 5% per year between 1964–73.[34] Italian rates of growth were second only, but very close, to the German rates, in Europe, and among the OEEC countries only Japan had been doing better.[35]
From growth to stagnation[edit]




Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti (far left) with G7 leaders in Bonn, 1978.


The 1970s were a period of economic, political turmoil and social unrest in Italy, known as Years of Lead. Unemployment rose sharply, especially among the young, and by 1977 there were one million unemployed people under age 24. Inflation continued, aggravated by the increases in the price of oil in 1973 and 1979. The budget deficit became permanent and intractable, averaging about 10 percent of the gross domestic product (GDP), higher than any other industrial country. The lira fell steadily, from 560 lira to the U.S. dollar in 1973 to 1,400 lira in 1982.[36]
The economic recession went on into the mid-1980s until a set of reforms led to the independence of the Bank of Italy[37] and a big reduction of the indexation of wages[38] that strongly reduced inflation rates, from 20.6% in 1980 to 4.7% in 1987.[39] The new macroeconomic and political stability resulted in a second, export-led "economic miracle", based on small and medium-sized enterprises, producing clothing, leather products, shoes, furniture, textiles, jewelry, and machine tools. As a result of this rapid expansion, in 1987 Italy overtook the British economy (an event known as il sorpasso), becoming the sixth in the world.[40] The Milan stock exchange increased its market capitalization more than fivefold in the space of a few years.[41]




GDP per capita big four Western Europe.


However, the Italian economy of the 1980s presented a problem: it was booming, thanks to increased productivity and surging exports, but unsustainable fiscal deficits drove the growth.[40] In the 1990s, the new Maastricht criteria boosted the urge to curb the public debt, already at 104% of GDP in 1992.[42] The consequent restrictive economic policies worsened the impact of the global recession already underway. After a brief recover at the end of the 1990s, high tax rates and red tape caused the country to stagnate between 2000 and 2008.[43][44]
Great Recession[edit]
Italy was hit hard by the Great Recession and the subsequent European debt crisis. The national economy shrunk by 6.76% during the whole period, totalizing seven-quarters of recession.[45] In November 2011 the Italian bond yield was 6.74 percent for 10-year bonds, nearing a 7 percent level where Italy is thought to lose access to financial markets.[46] According to Eurostat, in 2015 the Italian government debt stood at 128% of GDP, ranking as the second biggest debt ratio after Greece (with 175%).[47] However, the biggest chunk of Italian public debt is owned by Italian nationals [48] and relatively high levels of private savings and low levels of private indebtedness are seen as making it the safest among Europe's struggling economies.[49] As a result of austerity measures, Italy is targeting a public budget deficit of 2.8% in 2015, remaining inside the European Union's 3 percent ceiling.[50]
Overview[edit]
North–South divide[edit]




European Regional Development Fund 2007–2013: Southern Italy is almost all classified under the Convergence objective (GDP per capita less than 75% of the EU average).


Since the unification of Italy in 1861, a wide and increasing economic divide has been noticeably growing between the northern provinces and the southern half of the Italian state. In the early decades of the new kingdom, the lack of an effective land reform, heavy taxes and other economic measures imposed on the South, together with the removal of protectionist tariffs on agricultural goods, made the situation virtually impossible for many tenant farmers and land owners. Multitudes chose to emigrate rather than try to eke out a meager living, especially from 1892 to 1921.[51]
In addition, the surge of brigandage and the Mafia provoked widespread violence, corruption and illegality. After the rise of Benito Mussolini, the "Iron Prefect" Cesare Mori tried to defeat the already powerful criminal organizations flourishing in the South with some degree of success. Fascist policy aimed at the creation of an Italian empire and Southern Italian ports were strategic for all commerce towards the colonies. With the invasion of Southern Italy, the Allies restored the authority of the mafia families, lost during the Fascist period, and used their influence to maintain public order.[52]
In the 1950s the Cassa per il Mezzogiorno was set up as a huge public master plan to help industrialize the South, aiming to do this in two ways: through land reforms creating 120,000 new smallholdings, and through the "Growth Pole Strategy" whereby 60% of all government investment would go to the South, thus boosting the Southern economy by attracting new capital, stimulating local firms, and providing employment. However, the objectives were largely missed, and as a result the South became increasingly subsidized and state dependent, incapable of generating private growth itself.[53]
Even at present, huge regional disparities persist. Problems in Southern Italy still include widespread political corruption, pervasive organized crime, and very high unemployment rates.[54] In 2007, it was estimated that about 80% of the businesses in the Sicilian cities of Catania and Palermo paid protection money;[55] thanks to grassroots movement like Addiopizzo, the mafia racket is slowly but constantly losing its verve.[56][57] The Italian Ministry of Interior reported that organized crime generated an estimated annual profit of €13 billion.[58]
Companies[edit]
Further information: List of companies of Italy




Ferrari is the world's most powerful brand according to the Global 500 annual study published by Brand Finance in 2014.[59]


The country's major companies by sector are: Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, CNH Industrial, Ducati, Piaggio (motor vehicles); Pirelli (tyre manufacturing); Enel, Edison, A2A, Terna (energy); Eni (petrochemicals); Candy, Indesit, De'Longhi (home appliances); Leonardo that has absorbed its subsidiary companies Alenia Aermacchi, AgustaWestland and Oto Melara (defence); Avio, Telespazio (space); Beretta, Benelli (firearms); Armani, Versace, Dolce & Gabbana, Gucci, Benetton, Diesel, Prada, Luxottica, YOOX (fashion); Ferrero, Barilla, Autogrill, Perfetti Van Melle, Campari, Parmalat (food&beverages); Techint, Lucchini, Gruppo Riva, Danieli (steel); Prysmian, Salini Impregilo, Italcementi, Buzzi Unicem, Astaldi (construction); STMicroelectronics (electronics); Telecom Italia, Mediaset (communications); Assicurazioni Generali, Unipol (insurance); UniCredit, Intesa Sanpaolo (banking); Ferrari, Maserati, Lamborghini (luxury vehicles); Fincantieri, Ferretti, Azimut (shipbuilding).[60]
Of the world's 500 largest stock-market-listed companies measured by revenue in 2014, the Fortune Global 500, these are headquartered in Italy.[61]


Rank
Company
Headquarter
Main sector


22
Eni
Rome
Petroleum


24
Exor
Turin
Automotive


48
Assicurazioni Generali
Trieste
Insurance


56
Enel
Rome
Electric Utility


200
Intesa Sanpaolo
Turin
Banking


204
UniCredit
Milan
Banking


319
Telecom Italia
Rome
Telecommunications


336
Poste italiane
Rome
Postal services


439
Unipol
Bologna
Insurance


Wealth[edit]
Further information: List of Italian billionaires




The owner of confectionery manufacturer Ferrero, Michele Ferrero, was the richest Italian in 2014.


Italy has over 1.4 million people with a net wealth greater than $1 million, a total national wealth of $11.857 trillion, and represents the 5th largest cumulative net wealth globally (it accounts for 4.92% of the net wealth in the world).[62] According to the Credit Suisse's Global Wealth Databook 2013, the median wealth per adult is $138,653 (5th in the world),[62] while according to the Allianz's Global Wealth Report 2013, the net financial wealth per capita is €45,770 (13th in the world).[63]
The following top 10 list of Italian billionaires is based on an annual assessment of wealth and assets compiled and published by Forbes in 2014.[64]


Rank
Name
Net Worth ($ bil.)
Main source


31
Michele Ferrero
23.2
Ferrero


37
Leonardo Del Vecchio
20.2
Luxottica


100
Stefano Pessina
11.8
Walgreens Boots Alliance


176
Silvio Berlusconi
7.5
Fininvest


179
Giorgio Armani
7.4
Armani


245
Augusto & Giorgio Perfetti
5.9
Perfetti Van Melle


285
Paolo & Gianfelice Rocca
5.1
Techint


358
Miuccia Prada
4.4
Prada


359
Patrizio Bertelli
4.4
Prada


558
Renzo Rosso
3.1
Diesel


Regional data[edit]
Further information: List of Italian regions by GDP




Gross domestic product per capita at PPP in 2010, by NUTS-2 regions in the European Union.






The labour productivity levels in Europe in 2012. Italy is at the same level of the UK and Finland.



2011 Gross Domestic Product in Italy (2014 data)[65]

NUTS-1 region
€ mil.
€ per cap.
% of the EU average


North-Western Italy
511,484
31,700
124


North-Eastern Italy
364,560
31,200
122


Central Italy
340,669
28,400
111


Southern Italy
243,895
17,200
67


Insular Italy
117,031
17,400
68



2011 Gross Domestic Product in Italy (2014 data)[65]

Region
€ mil.
€ per cap.
NUTS-1 region


Abruzzo
7004300730000000000♠30,073
7004224000000000000♠22,400
South


Aosta Valley[a]
7003432800000000000♠4,328
7004337000000000000♠33,700
North-West


Apulia
7004699740000000000♠69,974
7004171000000000000♠17,100
South


Basilicata
7004107440000000000♠10,744
7004183000000000000♠18,300
South


Calabria
7004330550000000000♠33,055
7004164000000000000♠16,400
South


Campania
7004936350000000000♠93,635
7004160000000000000♠16,000
South


Emilia-Romagna
7005142609000000000♠142,609
7004321000000000000♠32,100
North-East


Friuli-Venezia Giulia[a]
7004366280000000000♠36,628
7004296000000000000♠29,600
North-East


Lazio
7005172246000000000♠172,246
7004300000000000000♠30,000
Centre


Liguria
7004439980000000000♠43,998
7004272000000000000♠27,200
North-West


Lombardy
7005337161000000000♠337,161
7004339000000000000♠33,900
North-West


Marche
7004408770000000000♠40,877
7004261000000000000♠26,100
Centre


Molise
7003641400000000000♠6,414
7004201000000000000♠20,100
South


Piedmont
7005125997000000000♠125,997
7004282000000000000♠28,200
North-West


Sardinia[a]
7004330750000000000♠33,075
7004197000000000000♠19,700
Islands


Sicily[a]
7004839560000000000♠83,956
7004166000000000000♠16,600
Islands


Tuscany
7005106013000000000♠106,013
7004282000000000000♠28,200
Centre


Trentino-South Tyrol[a]
7004357970000000000♠35,797
7004343000000000000♠34,300
North-East


Umbria
7004215330000000000♠21,533
7004237000000000000♠23,700
Centre


Veneto
7005149527000000000♠149,527
7004302000000000000♠30,200
North-East


^a The autonomous regions with special statute have several financial privileges.
Economic sectors[edit]
Primary[edit]




Vineyards near Certaldo, Tuscany. Italy is the world's top wine producer (22% of global market).[19]


According to the last national agricultural census, there were 1.6 million farms in 2010 (-32.4% since 2000) covering 12.7 million hectares (63% of which are located in Southern Italy).[66] The vast majority (99%) are family-operated and small, averaging only 8 hectares in size.[66] Of the total surface area in agricultural use (forestry excluded), grain fields take up 31%, olive tree orchards 8.2%, vineyards 5.4%, citrus orchards 3.8%, sugar beets 1.7%, and horticulture 2.4%. The remainder is primarily dedicated to pastures (25.9%) and feed grains (11.6%).[66] The northern part of Italy produces primarily maize corn, rice, sugar beets, soybeans, meat, fruits and dairy products, while the South specializes in wheat and citrus fruits. Livestock includes 6 million head of cattle, 8.6 million head of swine, 6.8 million head of sheep, and 0.9 million head of goats.[66] The total annual production of the fishing industry in Italy from capture and aquaculture, including crustaceans and molluscs, stood at 480 tons.
Italy is the first largest producer of wine in the world, and one of the leading in olive oil, fruits (apples, olives, grapes, oranges, lemons, pears, apricots, hazelnuts, peaches, cherries, plums, strawberries and kiwifruits), and vegetables (especially artichokes and tomatoes). The most famous Italian wines are probably the Tuscan Chianti and the Piedmontese Barolo. Other famous wines are Barbaresco, Barbera d'Asti, Brunello di Montalcino, Frascati, Montepulciano d'Abruzzo, Morellino di Scansano, and the sparkling wines Franciacorta and Prosecco. Quality goods in which Italy specialises, particularly the already mentioned wines and regional cheeses, are often protected under the quality assurance labels DOC/DOP. This geographical indication certificate, which is attributed by the European Union, is considered important in order to avoid confusion with low-quality mass-produced ersatz products.
Secondary[edit]




Italy's Product Exports Treemap in 2014 from Harvard Atlas of Economic Complexity.


Italy has a smaller number of global multinational corporations than other economies of comparable size, but there is a large number of small and medium-sized enterprises, many of them grouped in clusters, which are the backbone of the Italian industry.[67] This has produced a manufacturing sector often focused on the export of niche market and luxury products, that on one side is less capable of competing on quantity, but on the other side is more capable of facing the competition from emerging economies based on lower labor costs, with higher quality products.[68] The industrial districts are regionalized: in the Northwest there is a large modern group of industries, as in the so-called "Industrial Triangle" (Milan-Turin-Genoa), where there is an area of intense machinery, automotive, aerospace and naval production; in the Northeast and the Center, previously rural areas that experienced social and economic development around family-based firms, there are small enterprises of low technology but high craftsmanship, specialized in clothing, leather products, footwear, furniture, textiles, machine tools, spare parts, appliances, and jewellery; finally, in the less-developed South, the two forms exist side by side.[67][69]
Tertiary[edit]



This section is empty. You can help by adding to it. (February 2015)


Infrastructure[edit]
Energy and natural resources[edit]
Main article: Energy in Italy




Wind turbines in Varese Ligure.


In the early 1970s Italy was a major producer of pyrites (from the Tuscan Maremma), asbestos (from the Balangero mines), fluorite (found in Sicily), and salt. At the same time, it was self-sufficient in aluminum (from Gargano), sulfur (from Sicily), lead, and zinc (from Sardinia).[70] By the beginning of the 1990s, however, it had lost all its world-ranking positions and was no longer self-sufficient in those resources. There are no substantial deposits of iron, coal, or oil. Moderate natural gas reserves, mainly in the Po Valley and offshore Adriatic Sea, have been discovered in recent years and constitute the country's most important mineral resource. Italy is one of the world's leading producers of pumice, pozzolana, and feldspar.[70] Another mineral resource for which Italy is well-known is marble, especially the world-famous white Carrara marble from the Massa and Carrara quarries in Tuscany. Most raw materials needed for manufacturing and more than 80% of the country's energy sources are imported (99.7% of the solid fuels demand, 92.5% of oil, 91.2% of natural gas and 13% of electricity).[71][72] Due to its reliance on imports, Italians pay approximately 45% more than the EU average for electricity.[73]
Italy has managed four nuclear reactors until the 1980s, but in 1987, after the Chernobyl disaster, a large majority of Italians passed a referendum opting for phasing out nuclear power in Italy. The government responded by closing existing nuclear power plants and stopping work on projects underway, continuing to work to the nuclear energy program abroad. The national power company Enel operates seven nuclear reactors in Spain (through Endesa) and four in Slovakia (through Slovenské elektrárne),[74] and in 2005 made an agreement with Électricité de France for a nuclear reactor in France.[73] With these agreements, Italy has managed to access nuclear power and direct involvement in design, construction, and operation of the plants without placing reactors on Italian territory.[73]
In the last decade, Italy has become one of the world's largest producers of renewable energy, ranking as the third largest producer in the European Union after Germany and Sweden.[75] The country is also the world's second largest producer of energy from solar power.[76] Renewable sources account for the 27.5% of all electricity produced in Italy, with hydro alone reaching 12.6%, followed by solar at 5.7%, wind at 4.1%, bioenergy at 3.5%, and geothermal at 1.6%.[75] The rest of the national demand is covered by fossil fuels (38.2% natural gas, 13% coal, 8.4% oil) and by imports.[75]
Transport[edit]
Main article: Transport in Italy




Rome Fiumicino Airport in 2014 was the eighth-busiest airport in Europe.


Italy was the first country in the world to build motorways, the so-called "autostrade", reserved for motor vehicles. The Milano-Laghi motorway, connecting Milan to Varese and now parts of the A8 and A9 motorways, was devised by Piero Puricelli, a civil engineer and entrepreneur. He received the first authorization to build a public-utility fast road in 1921, and completed the construction between 1924 and 1926. By the end of the 1930s, over 400 kilometers of multi- and dual-single-lane motorways were constructed throughout Italy, linking cities and rural towns. Today there are 668,721 km of serviceable roads in Italy, including 6,661 km of motorways (mostly toll roads, national and local roads), state-owned but privately operated mainly by Atlantia company.
The railway network is also extensive, especially in the north, totalizing 16,862 km of which 69% are electrified and on which 4,937 locomotives and railcars circulate. It is the 12th largest in the world, and is operated by state-owned Ferrovie dello Stato, while the rail tracks and infrastructure are managed by Rete Ferroviaria Italiana. While a number of private railroads exist and provide mostly commuter-type services, the national railway also provides sophisticated high-speed rail service that joins the major cities. The Florence–Rome high-speed railway was the first high-speed line opened in Europe when more than half of it opened in 1977. In 1991 the TAV was created for the planning and construction of high-speed rail lines along Italy's most important and saturated transport routes (Milan-Rome-Naples and Turin-Milan-Venice). High-speed trains include ETR-class trains, with the Frecciarossa 1000 reaching 400 km/h.
There are approximately 130 airports in Italy, of which 99 have paved runways (including the two hubs of Leonardo Da Vinci International in Rome and Malpensa International in Milan), and 43 major seaports including the Port of Genoa, the country's largest and the third busiest by cargo tonnage in the Mediterranean Sea. The national inland waterway network comprises 1,477 km of navigable rivers and channels. In 2007 Italy maintained a civilian air fleet of about 389,000 units and a merchant fleet of 581 ships.[77]
Finance[edit]
Main article: List of banks in Italy
The origins of modern banking can be traced to medieval and early Renaissance Italy, to the rich cities like Florence, Lucca, Siena, Venice and Genoa. The Bardi and Peruzzi families dominated banking in 14th century Florence, establishing branches in many other parts of Europe.[78] One of the most famous Italian banks was the Medici Bank, set up by Giovanni di Bicci de' Medici in 1397.[79] The earliest known state deposit bank, the Bank of Saint George, was founded in 1407 in Genoa,[80] while Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena, founded in 1472, is the oldest surviving bank in the world. Today, among the financial services companies, UniCredit is one of the largest bank in Europe by capitalization and Assicurazioni Generali is second largest insurance group in the world by revenue after AXA.
This is a list of the major Italian banks and insurance groups ranked by total assets and gross premiums written.

As of 31 December 2013





Banks[60]

Rank
Company
Headquarter
Assets (€ mil.)


1
UniCredit
Milan
982,151


2
Intesa Sanpaolo
Turin
676,798


3
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena
Siena
197,943


4
Banco Popolare
Verona
123,743


5
UBI Banca
Bergamo
121,323


6
Banca Nazionale del Lavoro
Rome
84,892


7
Mediobanca
Milan
72,428


8
Banca Popolare dell'Emilia Romagna
Modena
61,266


9
Banca Popolare di Milano
Milan
49,257


10
Crédit Agricole–Cariparma Group
Parma
48,235





Insurance groups[60]

Rank
Company
Headquarter
Premiums (€ mil.)


1
Assicurazioni Generali
Trieste
62,535


2
Unipol (UnipolSai and other subsidiaries)
Bologna
16,673


3
Poste italiane (Poste Vita and Poste Assicura)
Rome
13,244


4
Intesa Sanpaolo (Intesa Sanpaolo Vita)
Turin
11,948


5
Allianz (Allianz S.p.A. only)
Trieste
7,296


6
Banca Mediolanum
Milan
4,596


7
Cattolica Assicurazioni
Verona
4,221


8
BNP Paribas's Italian subsidiary

4,174


9
Reale Mutua Assicurazioni
Turin
3,539


10
CNP Assurances–UniCredit (CNP UniCredit Vita)
Milan
2,562


11
Crédit Agricole (Crédit Agricole Vita)

2,213


12
Aviva (Aviva Italia Holding)
Milan
2,151


13
AXA's Italian subsidiary

1,872


14
Groupama's Italian subsidiary

1,484


15
Old Mutual (Old Mutual Wealth Italy)

1,201


16
Vittoria Assicurazioni
Milan
1,150


17
AXA-Banca MPS (AXA MPS Assicurazioni Danni, AXA MPS Assicurazioni Vita )

1,109


18
Covéa–Banca Popolare di Milano (Bipiemme Vita)

1,089


19
Banca Carige (Carige Vita Nuova)
Genoa
1,029


20
Zurich Insurance (Zurich Investment Life)

935





Poverty[edit]
In 2015, poverty in Italy hit the high levels in the previous 10 years. The level of absolute poverty for a 2 people family was 1050,95€/month. The poverty line per capita changed by region from 552,39€/month to 819,13€/month.The numbers of those in absolute poverty rose nearly an entire percent in 2015, from 6.8% in 2014, to 7.6% in 2015.[81] In the south of Italy the numbers are even higher with 10% living in absolute poverty, up from 9 percent in 2014. The north is better off at 6.7%, but still an increase from 5.7% in 2014.[81] The national statics reporting agency, ISTAT, defines absolute poverty as those who can’t buy goods and services which they need to survive. In 2015, the proportion of poor households in relative poverty also increased in 2015 to 13.7 from 12.9 in 2014. ISTAT defines relative poverty as people whose disposable income is less than around half the national average. The unemployment rate in February 2016 remained at 11.7%, which has been the same for almost a year, but even having a job doesn’t guarantee freedom from poverty.[82] Those who have at least one family employed still suffer from 6.1% to 11.7% poverty, the higher number being for those who have factory jobs. The numbers are even higher for the younger generations because their unemployment rate is over 40%. Also, children are hit hard. In 2014, 32% of those aged 0–17 are at risk of poverty or social exclusion, which is one child out of three. In the last ISTAT report poverty is in decline.[83]
References[edit]


^ "Italy". International Monetary Fund. Retrieved 29 June 2015. 
^ http://www.ilsole24ore.com/art/notizie/2017-06-01/pil-l-istat-rivede-rialzo-crescita-i-trimestre-04percento-12percento-anno--100105.shtml?uuid=AEJ7kyWB
^ http://www.ansa.it/sito/notizie/economia/2016/03/14/poverta-istat-in-2014-assoluta-per-147-mln-famiglie_5faaef89-d222-41dd-a04f-6f43459dbc0a.html.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "People at risk of poverty or social exclusion - Eurostat". Eurostat. December 2015. Retrieved 14 March 2016. 
^ "Gini coefficient of equivalised disposable income (source: SILC)". Luxembourg: Eurostat. 15 June 2017. Retrieved 24 June 2017. 
^ http://www.repubblica.it/economia/miojob/lavoro/2017/02/28/news/il_reddito_medio_degli_italiani_a_20_690_euro_bonus_80_euro_da_restituire_per_un_milione_e_700mila_persone-159456014/?ref=RHPPLF-BH-I0-C8-P1-S1.8-T1
^ "Ease of Doing Business in Italy". Doingbusiness.org. Retrieved 2017-01-25. 
^ https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/rankorder/2078rank.html#it
^ https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/rankorder/2087rank.html#it
^ "Biggest aid donors". BBC News. Retrieved 26 March 2009. 
^ "Sovereigns Rating List". Standard & Poor's. Retrieved 26 May 2011. 
^ Bufacchi, Isabella (16 October 2014). "Moody’s confirms stable outlook on Italy’s "Baa2" sovereign rating". Il Sole 24 Ore. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "Fitch Affirms Italy at 'BBB+'; Outlook Stable". Reuters. Retrieved 24 October 2014. 
^ "CIA World Factbook: Italy". CIA. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "The Economist Intelligence Unit’s quality-of-life index" (PDF). The Economist. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Stringa, Giovanni (5 January 2013). "Italia terza al mondo per riserve d'oro, per ogni cittadino dote di 1.650 euro". Corriere della Sera. Retrieved 6 February 2015. 
^ "Quel bilancio Ue poco equilibrato". Il Sole 24 Ore. 1 February 2013. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "Manufacturing statistics". Eurostat. November 2015. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ a b Woodard, Richard (19 March 2013). "Italian wine now 22% of global market". Decanter. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ [1]
^ Italy remains the third market for luxury goods
^ "Convergence between Eu countries and a gap at the territorial level between Italian regions". ISTAT. 19 October 2011. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ [2]
^ [3]
^ Ciccarelli, Carlo; Fenoaltea, Stefano (July 2010). "Through the Magnifying Glass: Provincial Aspects of Industrial Growth in Post-Unification Italy" (PDF). Banca d'Italia. p. 4. 
^ Cohen, Robin (1995). The Cambridge Survey of World Migration. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 114. ISBN 0-521-44405-5. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Clark, Martin (1984). Modern Italy, 1871-1982. New York: Longman. p. 186. ISBN 0-582-48361-1. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ a b c Knight, Patricia (2003). Mussolini and Fascism. New York: Routledge. pp. 64–65. ISBN 0-415-27921-6. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Welk, William G. (1938). Fascist Economy Policy: An Analysis of Italy's Economic Experiment. Cambridge: Harvard University Press. p. 166. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Morgan, Philip (2003). Italian Fascism, 1915-1945. Basingstoke: Macmillan Publishers. p. 160. ISBN 0-333-94998-6. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Lyttelton, Adrian (2002). Liberal and Fascist Italy, 1900-1945. Oxford: Oxford University Press. p. 13. ISBN 0-198-73198-1. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Tagliabue, John (11 August 2007). "Italian Pride Is Revived in a Tiny Fiat". The New York Times. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Hogan, Michael J. (1987). The Marshall Plan: America, Britain, and the reconstruction of Western Europe, 1947–1952. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. pp. 44–45. ISBN 0-521-37840-0. 
^ a b Crafts, Nicholas; Toniolo, Gianni (1996). Economic Growth in Europe Since 1945. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 428. ISBN 0-521-49627-6. 
^ Di Nolfo, Ennio (1992). Power in Europe? Great Britain, France, Germany, and Italy, and the Origins of the EEC, 1952–57. Berlin: Walter de Gruyter. p. 198. ISBN 3-11-012158-1. 
^ "Italy since 1945: Demographic and social change". Encyclopædia Britannica Online. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Vicarelli, Fausto; Sylla, Richard; Cairncross, Alec (1988). Central banks' independence in historical perspective. Berlin: Walter de Gruyter. p. 180. ISBN 978-3110114409. 
^ "Italy since 1945: The economy in the 1980s". Encyclopædia Britannica Online. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "L’Italia in 150 anni. Sommario di statistiche storiche 1861-2010". ISTAT. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ a b Vietor, Richard (1 April 2001). "Italy’s Economic Half-Miracle". Strategy&. Retrieved 8 October 2014. 
^ "Italian Stock Exchange: Main Indicators (1975-2012)". Borsa Italiana. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "Italy: General government gross debt (Percent of GDP)". International Monetary Fund. Retrieved 8 October 2014. 
^ Balcerowicz, Leszek (2013). Economic Growth in the European Union (PDF). Brussels: Lisbon Council. p. 13. ISBN 978-9-0902-7915-2. Retrieved 8 October 2014. 
^ ""Secular stagnation" in graphics". The Economist. 19 November 2014. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "Quarterly Growth Rates of real GDP, change over previous quarter". OECD. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Moody, Barry; Mackenzie, James (8 November 2011). "Berlusconi to resign after parliamentary setback". Reuters. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "General government gross debt". Eurostat. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Auret, Lisa (18 May 2010). "Could Italy Be Better Off than its Peers?". CNBC. Retrieved 30 May 2011. 
^ Sanderson, Rachel (10 January 2011). "Italian deficit narrows in third quarter". Financial Times. Retrieved 16 July 2011. 
^ Fonte, Giuseppe (25 September 2014). "Italy to cut 2014, 2015 GDP forecasts, hike deficit goals". Reuters. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Smith, Dennis M. (1997). Modern Italy: A Political History. Ann Arbor: University of Michigan Press. pp. 209–210. ISBN 978-0-472-10895-4. 
^ Newark, Tim (2007). Mafia Allies: The True Story of America's Secret Alliance with the Mob in World War II. London: MBI Publishing Company. pp. 123–135. ISBN 978-0-7603-2457-8. 
^ "Italy: The South". Encyclopædia Britannica Online. 3 February 2015. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Astarita, Tommaso (2005). Between Salt Water and Holy Water: A History of Southern Italy. New York: W. W. Norton & Company. ISBN 0-393-05864-6. 
^ Kiefer, Peter (22 October 2007). "Mafia crime is 7% of GDP in Italy, group reports". New York Times. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Addiopizzo (30 October 2014). "Report on the activity of "Addiopizzo Catania"" (PDF). European Parliament. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Kington, Tom (9 March 2008). "Shopkeepers revolt against Sicilian Mafia". The Guardian. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ "Gli investimenti delle mafie" (PDF). Programma Operativo Nazionale. Obiettivo Sud. 16 January 2013. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Haigh, Robert (18 February 2014). "Ferrari – The World’s Most Powerful Brand". Brand Finance. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ a b c "Leading Italian Companies". Mediobanca. October 2014. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Mehta, Stephanie (2014). "2014 Fortune Global 500". Fortune. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ a b "Global Wealth Databook 2013" (PDF). Credit Suisse. October 2013. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ "Global Wealth Report 2013" (PDF). Allianz. August 2013. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Kroll, Luisa; Dolan, Kerry A. (2014). "The Richest People On The Planet 2014". Fortune. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ a b "Regional GDP per capita in the EU in 2011" (PDF). Eurostat. 27 February 2014. Retrieved 7 March 2014. 
^ a b c d "Censimento Agricoltura 2010". ISTAT. 24 October 2010. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ a b Mignone, Mario B. (2008). Italy today: Facing the Challenges of the New Millennium. New York: Lang Publishing. pp. 161–162. ISBN 978-1-4331-0187-8. 
^ "Knowledge Economy Forum 2008: Innovative Small And Medium Enterprises Are Key To Europe & Central Asian Growth". World Bank. 19 May 2005. Retrieved 17 June 2008. 
^ Friedman, Jonathan (2003). Globalization, the State, and Violence. Lanham: Rowman & Littlefield. p. 97. ISBN 0-7591-0280-5. 
^ a b "Italy, the economy: Resources and power". Encyclopædia Britannica Online. 3 February 2015. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Eurostat (2008). "Energy, transport and environment indicators" (PDF). EU Bookshop. ISBN 978-92-79-09835-2. Retrieved 10 May 2009. 
^ Eurostat (2009). "Panorama of Energy" (PDF). EU Bookshop. ISBN 978-92-79-11151-8. Retrieved 10 May 2009. 
^ a b c "Emerging Nuclear Energy Countries". World Nuclear Association. December 2014. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ "Nuclear Production". Enel. 31 December 2013. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ a b c "Rapporto Statistico sugli Impianti a fonti rinnovabili" (PDF). Gestore dei Servizi Energetici. 19 December 2013. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ "International Energy Statistics". Energy Information Administration. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ Eurostat (2007). "Panorama of Transport" (PDF). European Commission. ISBN 978-92-79-04618-6. Retrieved 3 May 2009. 
^ Hoggson, Noble F. (1926). Banking Through the Ages. New York: Dodd, Mead and Company. p. 76. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ Goldthwaite, Richard A. (1995). Banks, Palaces, and Entrepreneurs in Renaissance Florence. Aldershot: Ashgate Publishing. ISBN 978-0-860-78484-5. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ Macesich, George (2000). Issues in Money and Banking. Westport: Greenwood Publishing Group. p. 42. ISBN 978-0-275-96777-2. Retrieved 12 March 2009. 
^ a b "Poverty in Italy" (PDF). http://www.istat.it/. Istats. Retrieved 1 December 2016.  External link in |website= (help)
^ "Unemployment by sex and age - monthly average". eurostat.ec. eurostat. Retrieved 2 December 2016. 
^ "Italy: tackling child poverty and overcoming the crisis - European Platform for Investing in Children (EPIC) - European Union". europa.eu. Europa. Retrieved 2 December 2016. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Economy of Italy.



OECD's Italy country website
Italy’s economy and economic policies, on the International Monetary Fund’s website
World Bank Trade Summary Statistics Italy 2013
Italian National Institute of Statistic (ISTAT)
Comprehensive current and historical economic data
Tariffs applied by Italy as provided by ITC's Market Access Map, an online database of customs tariffs and market requirements
Italy Gross Domestic Product (GDP) QoQ







v
t
e


Italy articles



History




Chronology



Prehistory

Italic peoples
Ancient Italian peoples
Pre-Nuragic Sardinia
Nuragic peoples


Etruscan Civilization
Nuragic Civilization
Phoenician / Carthaginian colonies
Magna Graecia
Ancient Rome

Kingdom
Republic
Empire


Middle Ages

Italy under Odoacer
Ostrogoths
Lombards
Regnum Italiae
Arabs
Normans
Guelphs and Ghibellines
Italian city-states
Maritime republics


Renaissance

Italian Wars


Early Modern period
Unification
Monarchy and the World Wars

Kingdom of Italy
Colonial Empire
World War I
Fascist Italy
World War II
Resistance
Civil War


Republic

Economic Boom
Years of Lead
Years of Mud
Mani pulite







By topic



Citizenship
Currency
Economy
Fashion
Flags
Genetic
Historic states
Military
Music
Postal
Railways











Geography







Peninsula
Northern

Northwest
Northeast


Central
Southern

South
Insular


Fauna
Flora
Volcanology

Volcanoes


Mountains

Prealps
Alps
Apennines


Beaches
Canals
Caves
Earthquakes
Islands
Lakes
National parks
Rivers
Valleys








Politics







Constitution
Elections
Referendums
Foreign relations

Missions


Judiciary
Law enforcement
Military
Parliament

Chamber of Deputies
Senate


Political parties
President
Prime Minister
Council of Ministers
Regions
Provinces
Metropolitan cities
Municipalities
Cities








Economy







Economic history

Milan
Naples
Rome
Turin


Regions by GDP
Automotive industry
Banking

Central Bank


Companies
Energy
Government debt
Science and technology
Stock exchange
Taxation
Telecommunications

Internet


Tourism
Trade unions
Transportation
Welfare








Society







Abortion
Adoption
Billionaires
Capital punishment
Corruption
Crime
Demographics
Education

Secondary
Higher
Universities


Emigration
Fathers' rights movement
Feminism
Gambling
Health
Healthcare
Immigration
LGBT rights
Nobility
Prostitution
Racism
Religion
Smoking
Social class
Terrorism
Women





Culture



Duecento
Trecento
Quattrocento
Cinquecento
Seicento
Settecento


Architecture
Art
Castles
Cinema
Cuisine

Wine


Decorations
Design
Fashion
Festivals
Folklore
Italophilia
Italophobia
Languages and dialects

Italian


Literature
Media

Newspapers
Radio
TV


Monuments
Mythology
Music

Classical
Folk
Opera
Popular


National symbols

Anthem
Emblem
Flag

Regions


Personification


People
Philosophy
Public holidays
Sculpture
Sport
Traditions
World Heritage Sites











 Italy portal
 WikiProject
 Commons
Quotes
 News
Travel
 Category












v
t
e


Economy of Italy




 Companies of Italy



Industry and business



Companies
Exports
Made in Italy
Automotive
Steel industry
Film
Fashion
Luxury Real Estate
Robotics





Research



ELETTRA
ENEA
Italian Space Agency (ASI)
Erzelli Hi-Tech Park
Istituto Italiano di Tecnologia





Energy



Renewable

Wind
Solar
Geothermal


Oil

Oil refineries







Infrastructure



Transport
Communications
Tourism





Taxation



Tax system





Finance and banking



Banking
Stock Exchange





Development



International rankings
Science and technology





Events



2006 Winter Olympics
Bologna Motor Show
Biennale di Venezia
Concorso d'Eleganza Villa d'Este
EICMA
Expo 2015
Euroflora
Fieracavalli
Genoa International Boat Show
Lucca Comics & Games
Salone Internazionale del Gusto
Salone Internazionale del Mobile di Milano
Settimana della moda
MICAM
Palio di Siena
Rome Film Festival
Venice Film Festival
Vinitaly








See also:  Category
Economy of Europe












v
t
e


Economy of Europe



Sovereign states



Albania
Andorra
Armenia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Belarus
Belgium
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Georgia
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Iceland
Ireland

Italy
Kazakhstan
Latvia
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malta
Moldova
Monaco
Montenegro
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russia
San Marino
Serbia
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Turkey
Ukraine
United Kingdom
Vatican City





States with limited
recognition



Abkhazia
Kosovo
Nagorno-Karabakh
Northern Cyprus
South Ossetia
Transnistria





Dependencies and
other entities



Åland
Faroe Islands
Gibraltar
Guernsey
Isle of Man
Jersey
Svalbard





Other entities



European Union












v
t
e


World Trade Organization



System



Accession and membership
Appellate Body
Dispute Settlement Body
International Trade Centre
Chronology of key events





Issues



Criticism
Doha Development Round
Singapore issues
Quota Elimination
Peace Clause





Agreements



General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
Agriculture
Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures
Technical Barriers to Trade
Trade Related Investment Measures
Trade in Services
Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights
Government Procurement
Information Technology
Marrakech Agreement
Doha Declaration
Bali Package





Ministerial
Conferences



1st (1996)
2nd (1998)
3rd (1999)
4th (2001)
5th (2003)
6th (2005)
7th (2009)
8th (2011)
9th (2013)
10th (2015)





People



Roberto Azevêdo (Director-General)
Pascal Lamy (former Director-General)
Supachai Panitchpakdi (former Director-General)
Deputy Directors-General:

Yonov Frederick Agah
Karl Brauner
David Shark
Yi Xiaozhun

former: Alejandro Jara
Valentine Rugwabiza
Harsha Singh
Rufus Yerxa









Members



Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
Angola
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belize
Benin
Bolivia
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Republic of the Congo
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Cuba
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
European Union¹
Fiji
Gabon
The Gambia
Georgia
Ghana
Grenada
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong²
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Israel
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
South Korea
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Lesotho
Liberia
Liechtenstein
Macau²
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Moldova
Mongolia
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nepal
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Qatar
Russia
Rwanda
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Suriname
Swaziland
Switzerland
Tajikistan
Taiwan³
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe


1. All twenty-eight member states of the European Union are also members of the WTO in their own right:

Austria
Belgium
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malta
Netherlands
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom


2. Special administrative regions of the People's Republic of China, participates as "Hong Kong, China" and "Macao China".
3. Officially the Republic of China, participates as "Separate Customs Territory of Taiwan, Penghu, Kinmen and Matsu", and "Chinese Taipei" in short.











v
t
e


Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD)



History



Convention on the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development
OECD Anti-Bribery Convention





Guidelines



Multinational Enterprises
Testing of Chemicals










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Economy_of_Italy&oldid=792129020"					
Categories: Economy of ItalyEconomic history of ItalyEuropean Union member economiesOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development member economiesWorld Trade Organization member economiesHidden categories: Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsCS1 errors: external linksUse dmy dates from April 2014Articles to be expanded from February 2015All articles to be expandedArticles with empty sections from February 2015All articles with empty sectionsArticles using small message boxes 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাБеларускаяБългарскиCatalàČeštinaEspañolفارسیFrançaisGalegoIdoItalianoქართულიLietuviųMagyarمصرىBahasa MelayuOccitanPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийShqipSuomiУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 17:03.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Economy of Italy - Wikipedia






















 






Economy of Italy

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Economy of Italy


Milan is the financial centre of Italy



Currency
Euro (EUR), except in Campione d'Italia (CHF)



Fiscal year

calendar year



Trade organisations

European Union, WTO, OECD, AIIB


Statistics


GDP
$1.850,735 trillion (nominal, 2016); $2.234,500 trillion (PPP, 2016)[1]


GDP rank
8th (nominal) / 12th (PPP)



GDP growth

 +0.4% Q1 2017,+1.2% acquired 2017 [2]



GDP per capita

$30,507 (nominal, 2016);
$36,833 (PPP, 2016)



GDP by sector

services (74%), industry (24%), agriculture (2%)



Inflation (CPI)

 +1.2% (June 2017)



Population below poverty line

5.7% in poverty, 2014;[3] 24.7% at risk of poverty or social exclusion, 2014[4]



Gini coefficient

0.324 (2015)[5]



Labour force

 25.7 million



Labour force by occupation

services (68%), industry (28%), agriculture (4%)


Unemployment
 11.1% May 2017



Average gross salary


€20,690 ($23,260), yearly (+1.3%) (2016)
[6] (as gross income and not gross wage)



Main industries

iron and steel, cement, chemicals, plastics, production machinery, motor vehicles, shipbuilding, space and aircraft, machine tools, communications, medical apparatus, pharmaceuticals, food and beverages processing, textiles, clothing, fashion, home appliances, tourism



Ease-of-doing-business rank

50th (2017)[7]


External


Exports
 $436.3 billion (2016)[8]



Export goods

engineering products; electrical equipment; vehicles, aircraft and vessels; base metals and steel; textiles, clothing and footwear; chemicals; food and beverages; precious metals; optical and medical apparatus; stone, cement and glass products; paper



Main export partners

 Germany 12.6%
 France 11.1%
 United States 6.8%
  Switzerland 5.7%
 United Kingdom 4.7%
 Spain 4.4%


Imports
 $372.2 billion (2016)[9]



Import goods

minerals; engineering products; chemicals; motor vehicles; base metals; plastics; textiles



Main import partners

 Germany 14.7%
 France 8.4%
 China 8.4%
 Russia 6.3%
 Netherlands 5.8%
 Spain 4.5%



FDI stock

$0.7 trillion



Gross external debt

 $2.6 trillion


Public finances



Public debt

 131% of GDP


Revenues
$1.0 trillion


Expenses
$1.1 trillion


Economic aid
Donor: $2.5 billion, 0.15% of GDP[10]



Credit rating

Standard & Poor's: BBB+[11]
Outlook: Stable
Moody's: BAA2[12]
Outlook: Stable
Fitch: BBB+[13]
Outlook: Stable



Foreign reserves

$0.2 trillion



Main data source: CIA World Fact Book
All values, unless otherwise stated, are in US dollars.



The economy of Italy is the 3rd-largest national economy in the eurozone, the 8th-largest by nominal GDP in the world, and the 12th-largest by GDP (PPP). The country is a founding member of the European Union, the Eurozone, the OECD, the G7 and the G20. Italy is the eighth largest exporter in the world with $514 billion exported in 2016. Its closest trade ties are with the other countries of the European Union, with whom it conducts about 59% of its total trade. The largest trading partners, in order of market share, are Germany (12.6%), France (11.1%), United States (6.8%), Switzerland (5.7%), United Kingdom (4.7%), and Spain (4.4%).[14]
In the post-war period, Italy was transformed from an agricultural based economy which had been severely affected by the consequences of the World Wars, into one of the world's most industrialized nations, and a leading country in world trade and exports. According to the Human Development Index, the country enjoys a very high standard of living, and has the world's 8th highest quality of life according to The Economist.[15] Italy owns the world's third-largest gold reserve,[16] and is the third net contributor to the budget of the European Union.[17] The country is also well known for its influential and innovative business economic sector, an industrious (Italy is the second largest manufacturer in Europe[18] behind Germany) and competitive agricultural sector (Italy is the world's largest wine producer),[19] and for its creative and high-quality automobile, naval, industrial, appliance and fashion design. Italy is the largest market for luxury goods in Europe (third in the world) and the country's private wealth is one of the largest in the world.[20][21]
Despite these important achievements, the country's economy today suffers from structural and non-structural problems. After strong GDP growth in 1945–1990, the last two decades' average annual growth rates were below the EU average with Italy being hit particularly hard by the late-2000s recession. The stagnation in economic growth, and the political efforts to revive it with massive government spending from the 1980s onwards, eventually produced a severe rise in public debt. In addition, Italian living standards have a considerable North–South divide: the average GDP per capita in Northern and Central Italy significantly exceeds the EU average, while some regions and provinces in Southern Italy are dramatically below.[22]
In recent years, Italy's GDP per capita growth slowly returned to the level of its major partners[23] while its employment rate still lags behind due to a large number of undeclared workers (estimated between 10% and 20% of the labour force) counted among the inactive or the unemployed.[24]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Fascist era
1.2 Post-war economic miracle
1.3 From growth to stagnation
1.4 Great Recession


2 Overview

2.1 North–South divide
2.2 Companies
2.3 Wealth
2.4 Regional data


3 Economic sectors

3.1 Primary
3.2 Secondary
3.3 Tertiary


4 Infrastructure

4.1 Energy and natural resources
4.2 Transport


5 Finance
6 Poverty
7 References
8 External links



History[edit]
Main article: Economic history of Italy




Terni steel mills in 1912.


After the unification, industrialization was largely artisanal, and located in the former political capitals; factory industry was instead attracted by the waterfalls of the subalpine Northwest. From the 1880s, as modernization accelerated, industry concentrated in the Lombard and Piedmontese provinces with the boom in textiles, then particularly in Turin and Milan with the engineering boom; and in Liguria's Genoa, which captured civil and naval shipbuilding.[25]
The diffusion of the industrialization process that characterized the northern and central parts of the country starting from the 1880s, completely excluded large areas in the Northeast and in Southern Italy. The resulting Italian diaspora concerned nearly 26 million Italians, the most part immigrated in the period 1880–1914, and it is considered the biggest mass migration of contemporary times.[26] During the Great War, the Italian Royal Army increased in size, with 5 million recruits in total entering service during the war.[27] This came at a terrible cost: by the end of the war, Italy had lost 700,000 soldiers and had a budget deficit of billions of lira.
Fascist era[edit]
Main article: Economy of Italy under fascism




Achille Starace and Italo Balbo visit Alfa Romeo.


Italy emerged from World War I in a poor and weakened condition. The National Fascist Party of Benito Mussolini came to power in 1922, at the end of a period of social unrest. However, once Mussolini acquired a firmer hold of power, laissez-faire and free trade were progressively abandoned in favour of government intervention and protectionism.[28]
In 1929, Italy was hit hard by the Great Depression.[29] Trying to handle the crisis, the Fascist government nationalized the holdings of large banks which had accrued significant industrial securities, establishing the Istituto per la Ricostruzione Industriale.[30] A number of mixed entities were formed, whose purpose it was to bring together representatives of the government and of the major businesses. These representatives discussed economic policy and manipulated prices and wages so as to satisfy both the wishes of the government and the wishes of business.[28]
This economic model based on a partnership between government and business was soon extended to the political sphere, in what came to be known as corporatism. At the same time, the aggressive foreign policy of Mussolini led to an increasing military expenditure. After the invasion of Ethiopia, Italy intervened to support Franco's nationalists in the Spanish Civil War. By 1939, Italy had the highest percentage of state-owned enterprises after the Soviet Union.[28]
Italy's involvement in World War II as a member of the Axis powers required the establishment of a war economy. The Allied invasion of Italy in 1943 eventually caused the Italian political structure – and the economy – to rapidly collapse. The Allies, on the one hand, and the Germans on the other, took over the administration of the areas of Italy under their control. By the end of the war, Italian per capita income was at its lowest point since the beginning of the 20th century.[31]
Post-war economic miracle[edit]
Main article: Italian economic miracle




The Fiat 500, launched in 1957, is considered a symbol of Italy's postwar economic miracle.[32]


After the end of World War II, Italy was in rubble and occupied by foreign armies, a condition that worsened the chronic development gap towards the more advanced European economies. However, the new geopolitical logic of the Cold War made possible that the former enemy Italy, a hinge-country between Western Europe and the Mediterranean, and now a new, fragile democracy threatened by the NATO occupation forces, the proximity of the Iron Curtain and the presence of a strong Communist party,[33] was considered by the USA as an important ally for the Free World, and received under the Marshall Plan US$1,204 million from 1947-51.
The end of aid through the Plan could have stopped the recovery but it coincided with a crucial point in the Korean War whose demand for metal and manufactured products was a further stimulus of Italian industrial production. In addition, the creation in 1957 of the European Common Market, with Italy as a founding member, provided more investment and eased exports.[34]
These favorable developments, combined with the presence of a large labour force, laid the foundation for spectacular economic growth that lasted almost uninterrupted until the "Hot Autumn's" massive strikes and social unrest of 1969–70, which then combined with the later 1973 oil crisis and put an abrupt end to the prolonged boom. It has been calculated that the Italian economy experienced an average rate of growth of GDP of 5.8% per year between 1951–63, and 5% per year between 1964–73.[34] Italian rates of growth were second only, but very close, to the German rates, in Europe, and among the OEEC countries only Japan had been doing better.[35]
From growth to stagnation[edit]




Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti (far left) with G7 leaders in Bonn, 1978.


The 1970s were a period of economic, political turmoil and social unrest in Italy, known as Years of Lead. Unemployment rose sharply, especially among the young, and by 1977 there were one million unemployed people under age 24. Inflation continued, aggravated by the increases in the price of oil in 1973 and 1979. The budget deficit became permanent and intractable, averaging about 10 percent of the gross domestic product (GDP), higher than any other industrial country. The lira fell steadily, from 560 lira to the U.S. dollar in 1973 to 1,400 lira in 1982.[36]
The economic recession went on into the mid-1980s until a set of reforms led to the independence of the Bank of Italy[37] and a big reduction of the indexation of wages[38] that strongly reduced inflation rates, from 20.6% in 1980 to 4.7% in 1987.[39] The new macroeconomic and political stability resulted in a second, export-led "economic miracle", based on small and medium-sized enterprises, producing clothing, leather products, shoes, furniture, textiles, jewelry, and machine tools. As a result of this rapid expansion, in 1987 Italy overtook the British economy (an event known as il sorpasso), becoming the sixth in the world.[40] The Milan stock exchange increased its market capitalization more than fivefold in the space of a few years.[41]




GDP per capita big four Western Europe.


However, the Italian economy of the 1980s presented a problem: it was booming, thanks to increased productivity and surging exports, but unsustainable fiscal deficits drove the growth.[40] In the 1990s, the new Maastricht criteria boosted the urge to curb the public debt, already at 104% of GDP in 1992.[42] The consequent restrictive economic policies worsened the impact of the global recession already underway. After a brief recover at the end of the 1990s, high tax rates and red tape caused the country to stagnate between 2000 and 2008.[43][44]
Great Recession[edit]
Italy was hit hard by the Great Recession and the subsequent European debt crisis. The national economy shrunk by 6.76% during the whole period, totalizing seven-quarters of recession.[45] In November 2011 the Italian bond yield was 6.74 percent for 10-year bonds, nearing a 7 percent level where Italy is thought to lose access to financial markets.[46] According to Eurostat, in 2015 the Italian government debt stood at 128% of GDP, ranking as the second biggest debt ratio after Greece (with 175%).[47] However, the biggest chunk of Italian public debt is owned by Italian nationals [48] and relatively high levels of private savings and low levels of private indebtedness are seen as making it the safest among Europe's struggling economies.[49] As a result of austerity measures, Italy is targeting a public budget deficit of 2.8% in 2015, remaining inside the European Union's 3 percent ceiling.[50]
Overview[edit]
North–South divide[edit]




European Regional Development Fund 2007–2013: Southern Italy is almost all classified under the Convergence objective (GDP per capita less than 75% of the EU average).


Since the unification of Italy in 1861, a wide and increasing economic divide has been noticeably growing between the northern provinces and the southern half of the Italian state. In the early decades of the new kingdom, the lack of an effective land reform, heavy taxes and other economic measures imposed on the South, together with the removal of protectionist tariffs on agricultural goods, made the situation virtually impossible for many tenant farmers and land owners. Multitudes chose to emigrate rather than try to eke out a meager living, especially from 1892 to 1921.[51]
In addition, the surge of brigandage and the Mafia provoked widespread violence, corruption and illegality. After the rise of Benito Mussolini, the "Iron Prefect" Cesare Mori tried to defeat the already powerful criminal organizations flourishing in the South with some degree of success. Fascist policy aimed at the creation of an Italian empire and Southern Italian ports were strategic for all commerce towards the colonies. With the invasion of Southern Italy, the Allies restored the authority of the mafia families, lost during the Fascist period, and used their influence to maintain public order.[52]
In the 1950s the Cassa per il Mezzogiorno was set up as a huge public master plan to help industrialize the South, aiming to do this in two ways: through land reforms creating 120,000 new smallholdings, and through the "Growth Pole Strategy" whereby 60% of all government investment would go to the South, thus boosting the Southern economy by attracting new capital, stimulating local firms, and providing employment. However, the objectives were largely missed, and as a result the South became increasingly subsidized and state dependent, incapable of generating private growth itself.[53]
Even at present, huge regional disparities persist. Problems in Southern Italy still include widespread political corruption, pervasive organized crime, and very high unemployment rates.[54] In 2007, it was estimated that about 80% of the businesses in the Sicilian cities of Catania and Palermo paid protection money;[55] thanks to grassroots movement like Addiopizzo, the mafia racket is slowly but constantly losing its verve.[56][57] The Italian Ministry of Interior reported that organized crime generated an estimated annual profit of €13 billion.[58]
Companies[edit]
Further information: List of companies of Italy




Ferrari is the world's most powerful brand according to the Global 500 annual study published by Brand Finance in 2014.[59]


The country's major companies by sector are: Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, CNH Industrial, Ducati, Piaggio (motor vehicles); Pirelli (tyre manufacturing); Enel, Edison, A2A, Terna (energy); Eni (petrochemicals); Candy, Indesit, De'Longhi (home appliances); Leonardo that has absorbed its subsidiary companies Alenia Aermacchi, AgustaWestland and Oto Melara (defence); Avio, Telespazio (space); Beretta, Benelli (firearms); Armani, Versace, Dolce & Gabbana, Gucci, Benetton, Diesel, Prada, Luxottica, YOOX (fashion); Ferrero, Barilla, Autogrill, Perfetti Van Melle, Campari, Parmalat (food&beverages); Techint, Lucchini, Gruppo Riva, Danieli (steel); Prysmian, Salini Impregilo, Italcementi, Buzzi Unicem, Astaldi (construction); STMicroelectronics (electronics); Telecom Italia, Mediaset (communications); Assicurazioni Generali, Unipol (insurance); UniCredit, Intesa Sanpaolo (banking); Ferrari, Maserati, Lamborghini (luxury vehicles); Fincantieri, Ferretti, Azimut (shipbuilding).[60]
Of the world's 500 largest stock-market-listed companies measured by revenue in 2014, the Fortune Global 500, these are headquartered in Italy.[61]


Rank
Company
Headquarter
Main sector


22
Eni
Rome
Petroleum


24
Exor
Turin
Automotive


48
Assicurazioni Generali
Trieste
Insurance


56
Enel
Rome
Electric Utility


200
Intesa Sanpaolo
Turin
Banking


204
UniCredit
Milan
Banking


319
Telecom Italia
Rome
Telecommunications


336
Poste italiane
Rome
Postal services


439
Unipol
Bologna
Insurance


Wealth[edit]
Further information: List of Italian billionaires




The owner of confectionery manufacturer Ferrero, Michele Ferrero, was the richest Italian in 2014.


Italy has over 1.4 million people with a net wealth greater than $1 million, a total national wealth of $11.857 trillion, and represents the 5th largest cumulative net wealth globally (it accounts for 4.92% of the net wealth in the world).[62] According to the Credit Suisse's Global Wealth Databook 2013, the median wealth per adult is $138,653 (5th in the world),[62] while according to the Allianz's Global Wealth Report 2013, the net financial wealth per capita is €45,770 (13th in the world).[63]
The following top 10 list of Italian billionaires is based on an annual assessment of wealth and assets compiled and published by Forbes in 2014.[64]


Rank
Name
Net Worth ($ bil.)
Main source


31
Michele Ferrero
23.2
Ferrero


37
Leonardo Del Vecchio
20.2
Luxottica


100
Stefano Pessina
11.8
Walgreens Boots Alliance


176
Silvio Berlusconi
7.5
Fininvest


179
Giorgio Armani
7.4
Armani


245
Augusto & Giorgio Perfetti
5.9
Perfetti Van Melle


285
Paolo & Gianfelice Rocca
5.1
Techint


358
Miuccia Prada
4.4
Prada


359
Patrizio Bertelli
4.4
Prada


558
Renzo Rosso
3.1
Diesel


Regional data[edit]
Further information: List of Italian regions by GDP




Gross domestic product per capita at PPP in 2010, by NUTS-2 regions in the European Union.






The labour productivity levels in Europe in 2012. Italy is at the same level of the UK and Finland.



2011 Gross Domestic Product in Italy (2014 data)[65]

NUTS-1 region
€ mil.
€ per cap.
% of the EU average


North-Western Italy
511,484
31,700
124


North-Eastern Italy
364,560
31,200
122


Central Italy
340,669
28,400
111


Southern Italy
243,895
17,200
67


Insular Italy
117,031
17,400
68



2011 Gross Domestic Product in Italy (2014 data)[65]

Region
€ mil.
€ per cap.
NUTS-1 region


Abruzzo
7004300730000000000♠30,073
7004224000000000000♠22,400
South


Aosta Valley[a]
7003432800000000000♠4,328
7004337000000000000♠33,700
North-West


Apulia
7004699740000000000♠69,974
7004171000000000000♠17,100
South


Basilicata
7004107440000000000♠10,744
7004183000000000000♠18,300
South


Calabria
7004330550000000000♠33,055
7004164000000000000♠16,400
South


Campania
7004936350000000000♠93,635
7004160000000000000♠16,000
South


Emilia-Romagna
7005142609000000000♠142,609
7004321000000000000♠32,100
North-East


Friuli-Venezia Giulia[a]
7004366280000000000♠36,628
7004296000000000000♠29,600
North-East


Lazio
7005172246000000000♠172,246
7004300000000000000♠30,000
Centre


Liguria
7004439980000000000♠43,998
7004272000000000000♠27,200
North-West


Lombardy
7005337161000000000♠337,161
7004339000000000000♠33,900
North-West


Marche
7004408770000000000♠40,877
7004261000000000000♠26,100
Centre


Molise
7003641400000000000♠6,414
7004201000000000000♠20,100
South


Piedmont
7005125997000000000♠125,997
7004282000000000000♠28,200
North-West


Sardinia[a]
7004330750000000000♠33,075
7004197000000000000♠19,700
Islands


Sicily[a]
7004839560000000000♠83,956
7004166000000000000♠16,600
Islands


Tuscany
7005106013000000000♠106,013
7004282000000000000♠28,200
Centre


Trentino-South Tyrol[a]
7004357970000000000♠35,797
7004343000000000000♠34,300
North-East


Umbria
7004215330000000000♠21,533
7004237000000000000♠23,700
Centre


Veneto
7005149527000000000♠149,527
7004302000000000000♠30,200
North-East


^a The autonomous regions with special statute have several financial privileges.
Economic sectors[edit]
Primary[edit]




Vineyards near Certaldo, Tuscany. Italy is the world's top wine producer (22% of global market).[19]


According to the last national agricultural census, there were 1.6 million farms in 2010 (-32.4% since 2000) covering 12.7 million hectares (63% of which are located in Southern Italy).[66] The vast majority (99%) are family-operated and small, averaging only 8 hectares in size.[66] Of the total surface area in agricultural use (forestry excluded), grain fields take up 31%, olive tree orchards 8.2%, vineyards 5.4%, citrus orchards 3.8%, sugar beets 1.7%, and horticulture 2.4%. The remainder is primarily dedicated to pastures (25.9%) and feed grains (11.6%).[66] The northern part of Italy produces primarily maize corn, rice, sugar beets, soybeans, meat, fruits and dairy products, while the South specializes in wheat and citrus fruits. Livestock includes 6 million head of cattle, 8.6 million head of swine, 6.8 million head of sheep, and 0.9 million head of goats.[66] The total annual production of the fishing industry in Italy from capture and aquaculture, including crustaceans and molluscs, stood at 480 tons.
Italy is the first largest producer of wine in the world, and one of the leading in olive oil, fruits (apples, olives, grapes, oranges, lemons, pears, apricots, hazelnuts, peaches, cherries, plums, strawberries and kiwifruits), and vegetables (especially artichokes and tomatoes). The most famous Italian wines are probably the Tuscan Chianti and the Piedmontese Barolo. Other famous wines are Barbaresco, Barbera d'Asti, Brunello di Montalcino, Frascati, Montepulciano d'Abruzzo, Morellino di Scansano, and the sparkling wines Franciacorta and Prosecco. Quality goods in which Italy specialises, particularly the already mentioned wines and regional cheeses, are often protected under the quality assurance labels DOC/DOP. This geographical indication certificate, which is attributed by the European Union, is considered important in order to avoid confusion with low-quality mass-produced ersatz products.
Secondary[edit]




Italy's Product Exports Treemap in 2014 from Harvard Atlas of Economic Complexity.


Italy has a smaller number of global multinational corporations than other economies of comparable size, but there is a large number of small and medium-sized enterprises, many of them grouped in clusters, which are the backbone of the Italian industry.[67] This has produced a manufacturing sector often focused on the export of niche market and luxury products, that on one side is less capable of competing on quantity, but on the other side is more capable of facing the competition from emerging economies based on lower labor costs, with higher quality products.[68] The industrial districts are regionalized: in the Northwest there is a large modern group of industries, as in the so-called "Industrial Triangle" (Milan-Turin-Genoa), where there is an area of intense machinery, automotive, aerospace and naval production; in the Northeast and the Center, previously rural areas that experienced social and economic development around family-based firms, there are small enterprises of low technology but high craftsmanship, specialized in clothing, leather products, footwear, furniture, textiles, machine tools, spare parts, appliances, and jewellery; finally, in the less-developed South, the two forms exist side by side.[67][69]
Tertiary[edit]



This section is empty. You can help by adding to it. (February 2015)


Infrastructure[edit]
Energy and natural resources[edit]
Main article: Energy in Italy




Wind turbines in Varese Ligure.


In the early 1970s Italy was a major producer of pyrites (from the Tuscan Maremma), asbestos (from the Balangero mines), fluorite (found in Sicily), and salt. At the same time, it was self-sufficient in aluminum (from Gargano), sulfur (from Sicily), lead, and zinc (from Sardinia).[70] By the beginning of the 1990s, however, it had lost all its world-ranking positions and was no longer self-sufficient in those resources. There are no substantial deposits of iron, coal, or oil. Moderate natural gas reserves, mainly in the Po Valley and offshore Adriatic Sea, have been discovered in recent years and constitute the country's most important mineral resource. Italy is one of the world's leading producers of pumice, pozzolana, and feldspar.[70] Another mineral resource for which Italy is well-known is marble, especially the world-famous white Carrara marble from the Massa and Carrara quarries in Tuscany. Most raw materials needed for manufacturing and more than 80% of the country's energy sources are imported (99.7% of the solid fuels demand, 92.5% of oil, 91.2% of natural gas and 13% of electricity).[71][72] Due to its reliance on imports, Italians pay approximately 45% more than the EU average for electricity.[73]
Italy has managed four nuclear reactors until the 1980s, but in 1987, after the Chernobyl disaster, a large majority of Italians passed a referendum opting for phasing out nuclear power in Italy. The government responded by closing existing nuclear power plants and stopping work on projects underway, continuing to work to the nuclear energy program abroad. The national power company Enel operates seven nuclear reactors in Spain (through Endesa) and four in Slovakia (through Slovenské elektrárne),[74] and in 2005 made an agreement with Électricité de France for a nuclear reactor in France.[73] With these agreements, Italy has managed to access nuclear power and direct involvement in design, construction, and operation of the plants without placing reactors on Italian territory.[73]
In the last decade, Italy has become one of the world's largest producers of renewable energy, ranking as the third largest producer in the European Union after Germany and Sweden.[75] The country is also the world's second largest producer of energy from solar power.[76] Renewable sources account for the 27.5% of all electricity produced in Italy, with hydro alone reaching 12.6%, followed by solar at 5.7%, wind at 4.1%, bioenergy at 3.5%, and geothermal at 1.6%.[75] The rest of the national demand is covered by fossil fuels (38.2% natural gas, 13% coal, 8.4% oil) and by imports.[75]
Transport[edit]
Main article: Transport in Italy




Rome Fiumicino Airport in 2014 was the eighth-busiest airport in Europe.


Italy was the first country in the world to build motorways, the so-called "autostrade", reserved for motor vehicles. The Milano-Laghi motorway, connecting Milan to Varese and now parts of the A8 and A9 motorways, was devised by Piero Puricelli, a civil engineer and entrepreneur. He received the first authorization to build a public-utility fast road in 1921, and completed the construction between 1924 and 1926. By the end of the 1930s, over 400 kilometers of multi- and dual-single-lane motorways were constructed throughout Italy, linking cities and rural towns. Today there are 668,721 km of serviceable roads in Italy, including 6,661 km of motorways (mostly toll roads, national and local roads), state-owned but privately operated mainly by Atlantia company.
The railway network is also extensive, especially in the north, totalizing 16,862 km of which 69% are electrified and on which 4,937 locomotives and railcars circulate. It is the 12th largest in the world, and is operated by state-owned Ferrovie dello Stato, while the rail tracks and infrastructure are managed by Rete Ferroviaria Italiana. While a number of private railroads exist and provide mostly commuter-type services, the national railway also provides sophisticated high-speed rail service that joins the major cities. The Florence–Rome high-speed railway was the first high-speed line opened in Europe when more than half of it opened in 1977. In 1991 the TAV was created for the planning and construction of high-speed rail lines along Italy's most important and saturated transport routes (Milan-Rome-Naples and Turin-Milan-Venice). High-speed trains include ETR-class trains, with the Frecciarossa 1000 reaching 400 km/h.
There are approximately 130 airports in Italy, of which 99 have paved runways (including the two hubs of Leonardo Da Vinci International in Rome and Malpensa International in Milan), and 43 major seaports including the Port of Genoa, the country's largest and the third busiest by cargo tonnage in the Mediterranean Sea. The national inland waterway network comprises 1,477 km of navigable rivers and channels. In 2007 Italy maintained a civilian air fleet of about 389,000 units and a merchant fleet of 581 ships.[77]
Finance[edit]
Main article: List of banks in Italy
The origins of modern banking can be traced to medieval and early Renaissance Italy, to the rich cities like Florence, Lucca, Siena, Venice and Genoa. The Bardi and Peruzzi families dominated banking in 14th century Florence, establishing branches in many other parts of Europe.[78] One of the most famous Italian banks was the Medici Bank, set up by Giovanni di Bicci de' Medici in 1397.[79] The earliest known state deposit bank, the Bank of Saint George, was founded in 1407 in Genoa,[80] while Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena, founded in 1472, is the oldest surviving bank in the world. Today, among the financial services companies, UniCredit is one of the largest bank in Europe by capitalization and Assicurazioni Generali is second largest insurance group in the world by revenue after AXA.
This is a list of the major Italian banks and insurance groups ranked by total assets and gross premiums written.

As of 31 December 2013





Banks[60]

Rank
Company
Headquarter
Assets (€ mil.)


1
UniCredit
Milan
982,151


2
Intesa Sanpaolo
Turin
676,798


3
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena
Siena
197,943


4
Banco Popolare
Verona
123,743


5
UBI Banca
Bergamo
121,323


6
Banca Nazionale del Lavoro
Rome
84,892


7
Mediobanca
Milan
72,428


8
Banca Popolare dell'Emilia Romagna
Modena
61,266


9
Banca Popolare di Milano
Milan
49,257


10
Crédit Agricole–Cariparma Group
Parma
48,235





Insurance groups[60]

Rank
Company
Headquarter
Premiums (€ mil.)


1
Assicurazioni Generali
Trieste
62,535


2
Unipol (UnipolSai and other subsidiaries)
Bologna
16,673


3
Poste italiane (Poste Vita and Poste Assicura)
Rome
13,244


4
Intesa Sanpaolo (Intesa Sanpaolo Vita)
Turin
11,948


5
Allianz (Allianz S.p.A. only)
Trieste
7,296


6
Banca Mediolanum
Milan
4,596


7
Cattolica Assicurazioni
Verona
4,221


8
BNP Paribas's Italian subsidiary

4,174


9
Reale Mutua Assicurazioni
Turin
3,539


10
CNP Assurances–UniCredit (CNP UniCredit Vita)
Milan
2,562


11
Crédit Agricole (Crédit Agricole Vita)

2,213


12
Aviva (Aviva Italia Holding)
Milan
2,151


13
AXA's Italian subsidiary

1,872


14
Groupama's Italian subsidiary

1,484


15
Old Mutual (Old Mutual Wealth Italy)

1,201


16
Vittoria Assicurazioni
Milan
1,150


17
AXA-Banca MPS (AXA MPS Assicurazioni Danni, AXA MPS Assicurazioni Vita )

1,109


18
Covéa–Banca Popolare di Milano (Bipiemme Vita)

1,089


19
Banca Carige (Carige Vita Nuova)
Genoa
1,029


20
Zurich Insurance (Zurich Investment Life)

935





Poverty[edit]
In 2015, poverty in Italy hit the high levels in the previous 10 years. The level of absolute poverty for a 2 people family was 1050,95€/month. The poverty line per capita changed by region from 552,39€/month to 819,13€/month.The numbers of those in absolute poverty rose nearly an entire percent in 2015, from 6.8% in 2014, to 7.6% in 2015.[81] In the south of Italy the numbers are even higher with 10% living in absolute poverty, up from 9 percent in 2014. The north is better off at 6.7%, but still an increase from 5.7% in 2014.[81] The national statics reporting agency, ISTAT, defines absolute poverty as those who can’t buy goods and services which they need to survive. In 2015, the proportion of poor households in relative poverty also increased in 2015 to 13.7 from 12.9 in 2014. ISTAT defines relative poverty as people whose disposable income is less than around half the national average. The unemployment rate in February 2016 remained at 11.7%, which has been the same for almost a year, but even having a job doesn’t guarantee freedom from poverty.[82] Those who have at least one family employed still suffer from 6.1% to 11.7% poverty, the higher number being for those who have factory jobs. The numbers are even higher for the younger generations because their unemployment rate is over 40%. Also, children are hit hard. In 2014, 32% of those aged 0–17 are at risk of poverty or social exclusion, which is one child out of three. In the last ISTAT report poverty is in decline.[83]
References[edit]


^ "Italy". International Monetary Fund. Retrieved 29 June 2015. 
^ http://www.ilsole24ore.com/art/notizie/2017-06-01/pil-l-istat-rivede-rialzo-crescita-i-trimestre-04percento-12percento-anno--100105.shtml?uuid=AEJ7kyWB
^ http://www.ansa.it/sito/notizie/economia/2016/03/14/poverta-istat-in-2014-assoluta-per-147-mln-famiglie_5faaef89-d222-41dd-a04f-6f43459dbc0a.html.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "People at risk of poverty or social exclusion - Eurostat". Eurostat. December 2015. Retrieved 14 March 2016. 
^ "Gini coefficient of equivalised disposable income (source: SILC)". Luxembourg: Eurostat. 15 June 2017. Retrieved 24 June 2017. 
^ http://www.repubblica.it/economia/miojob/lavoro/2017/02/28/news/il_reddito_medio_degli_italiani_a_20_690_euro_bonus_80_euro_da_restituire_per_un_milione_e_700mila_persone-159456014/?ref=RHPPLF-BH-I0-C8-P1-S1.8-T1
^ "Ease of Doing Business in Italy". Doingbusiness.org. Retrieved 2017-01-25. 
^ https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/rankorder/2078rank.html#it
^ https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/rankorder/2087rank.html#it
^ "Biggest aid donors". BBC News. Retrieved 26 March 2009. 
^ "Sovereigns Rating List". Standard & Poor's. Retrieved 26 May 2011. 
^ Bufacchi, Isabella (16 October 2014). "Moody’s confirms stable outlook on Italy’s "Baa2" sovereign rating". Il Sole 24 Ore. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "Fitch Affirms Italy at 'BBB+'; Outlook Stable". Reuters. Retrieved 24 October 2014. 
^ "CIA World Factbook: Italy". CIA. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "The Economist Intelligence Unit’s quality-of-life index" (PDF). The Economist. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Stringa, Giovanni (5 January 2013). "Italia terza al mondo per riserve d'oro, per ogni cittadino dote di 1.650 euro". Corriere della Sera. Retrieved 6 February 2015. 
^ "Quel bilancio Ue poco equilibrato". Il Sole 24 Ore. 1 February 2013. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "Manufacturing statistics". Eurostat. November 2015. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ a b Woodard, Richard (19 March 2013). "Italian wine now 22% of global market". Decanter. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ [1]
^ Italy remains the third market for luxury goods
^ "Convergence between Eu countries and a gap at the territorial level between Italian regions". ISTAT. 19 October 2011. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ [2]
^ [3]
^ Ciccarelli, Carlo; Fenoaltea, Stefano (July 2010). "Through the Magnifying Glass: Provincial Aspects of Industrial Growth in Post-Unification Italy" (PDF). Banca d'Italia. p. 4. 
^ Cohen, Robin (1995). The Cambridge Survey of World Migration. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 114. ISBN 0-521-44405-5. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Clark, Martin (1984). Modern Italy, 1871-1982. New York: Longman. p. 186. ISBN 0-582-48361-1. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ a b c Knight, Patricia (2003). Mussolini and Fascism. New York: Routledge. pp. 64–65. ISBN 0-415-27921-6. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Welk, William G. (1938). Fascist Economy Policy: An Analysis of Italy's Economic Experiment. Cambridge: Harvard University Press. p. 166. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Morgan, Philip (2003). Italian Fascism, 1915-1945. Basingstoke: Macmillan Publishers. p. 160. ISBN 0-333-94998-6. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Lyttelton, Adrian (2002). Liberal and Fascist Italy, 1900-1945. Oxford: Oxford University Press. p. 13. ISBN 0-198-73198-1. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Tagliabue, John (11 August 2007). "Italian Pride Is Revived in a Tiny Fiat". The New York Times. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Hogan, Michael J. (1987). The Marshall Plan: America, Britain, and the reconstruction of Western Europe, 1947–1952. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. pp. 44–45. ISBN 0-521-37840-0. 
^ a b Crafts, Nicholas; Toniolo, Gianni (1996). Economic Growth in Europe Since 1945. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 428. ISBN 0-521-49627-6. 
^ Di Nolfo, Ennio (1992). Power in Europe? Great Britain, France, Germany, and Italy, and the Origins of the EEC, 1952–57. Berlin: Walter de Gruyter. p. 198. ISBN 3-11-012158-1. 
^ "Italy since 1945: Demographic and social change". Encyclopædia Britannica Online. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Vicarelli, Fausto; Sylla, Richard; Cairncross, Alec (1988). Central banks' independence in historical perspective. Berlin: Walter de Gruyter. p. 180. ISBN 978-3110114409. 
^ "Italy since 1945: The economy in the 1980s". Encyclopædia Britannica Online. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "L’Italia in 150 anni. Sommario di statistiche storiche 1861-2010". ISTAT. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ a b Vietor, Richard (1 April 2001). "Italy’s Economic Half-Miracle". Strategy&. Retrieved 8 October 2014. 
^ "Italian Stock Exchange: Main Indicators (1975-2012)". Borsa Italiana. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "Italy: General government gross debt (Percent of GDP)". International Monetary Fund. Retrieved 8 October 2014. 
^ Balcerowicz, Leszek (2013). Economic Growth in the European Union (PDF). Brussels: Lisbon Council. p. 13. ISBN 978-9-0902-7915-2. Retrieved 8 October 2014. 
^ ""Secular stagnation" in graphics". The Economist. 19 November 2014. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "Quarterly Growth Rates of real GDP, change over previous quarter". OECD. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Moody, Barry; Mackenzie, James (8 November 2011). "Berlusconi to resign after parliamentary setback". Reuters. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "General government gross debt". Eurostat. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Auret, Lisa (18 May 2010). "Could Italy Be Better Off than its Peers?". CNBC. Retrieved 30 May 2011. 
^ Sanderson, Rachel (10 January 2011). "Italian deficit narrows in third quarter". Financial Times. Retrieved 16 July 2011. 
^ Fonte, Giuseppe (25 September 2014). "Italy to cut 2014, 2015 GDP forecasts, hike deficit goals". Reuters. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Smith, Dennis M. (1997). Modern Italy: A Political History. Ann Arbor: University of Michigan Press. pp. 209–210. ISBN 978-0-472-10895-4. 
^ Newark, Tim (2007). Mafia Allies: The True Story of America's Secret Alliance with the Mob in World War II. London: MBI Publishing Company. pp. 123–135. ISBN 978-0-7603-2457-8. 
^ "Italy: The South". Encyclopædia Britannica Online. 3 February 2015. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Astarita, Tommaso (2005). Between Salt Water and Holy Water: A History of Southern Italy. New York: W. W. Norton & Company. ISBN 0-393-05864-6. 
^ Kiefer, Peter (22 October 2007). "Mafia crime is 7% of GDP in Italy, group reports". New York Times. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Addiopizzo (30 October 2014). "Report on the activity of "Addiopizzo Catania"" (PDF). European Parliament. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Kington, Tom (9 March 2008). "Shopkeepers revolt against Sicilian Mafia". The Guardian. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ "Gli investimenti delle mafie" (PDF). Programma Operativo Nazionale. Obiettivo Sud. 16 January 2013. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Haigh, Robert (18 February 2014). "Ferrari – The World’s Most Powerful Brand". Brand Finance. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ a b c "Leading Italian Companies". Mediobanca. October 2014. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Mehta, Stephanie (2014). "2014 Fortune Global 500". Fortune. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ a b "Global Wealth Databook 2013" (PDF). Credit Suisse. October 2013. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ "Global Wealth Report 2013" (PDF). Allianz. August 2013. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Kroll, Luisa; Dolan, Kerry A. (2014). "The Richest People On The Planet 2014". Fortune. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ a b "Regional GDP per capita in the EU in 2011" (PDF). Eurostat. 27 February 2014. Retrieved 7 March 2014. 
^ a b c d "Censimento Agricoltura 2010". ISTAT. 24 October 2010. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ a b Mignone, Mario B. (2008). Italy today: Facing the Challenges of the New Millennium. New York: Lang Publishing. pp. 161–162. ISBN 978-1-4331-0187-8. 
^ "Knowledge Economy Forum 2008: Innovative Small And Medium Enterprises Are Key To Europe & Central Asian Growth". World Bank. 19 May 2005. Retrieved 17 June 2008. 
^ Friedman, Jonathan (2003). Globalization, the State, and Violence. Lanham: Rowman & Littlefield. p. 97. ISBN 0-7591-0280-5. 
^ a b "Italy, the economy: Resources and power". Encyclopædia Britannica Online. 3 February 2015. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Eurostat (2008). "Energy, transport and environment indicators" (PDF). EU Bookshop. ISBN 978-92-79-09835-2. Retrieved 10 May 2009. 
^ Eurostat (2009). "Panorama of Energy" (PDF). EU Bookshop. ISBN 978-92-79-11151-8. Retrieved 10 May 2009. 
^ a b c "Emerging Nuclear Energy Countries". World Nuclear Association. December 2014. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ "Nuclear Production". Enel. 31 December 2013. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ a b c "Rapporto Statistico sugli Impianti a fonti rinnovabili" (PDF). Gestore dei Servizi Energetici. 19 December 2013. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ "International Energy Statistics". Energy Information Administration. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ Eurostat (2007). "Panorama of Transport" (PDF). European Commission. ISBN 978-92-79-04618-6. Retrieved 3 May 2009. 
^ Hoggson, Noble F. (1926). Banking Through the Ages. New York: Dodd, Mead and Company. p. 76. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ Goldthwaite, Richard A. (1995). Banks, Palaces, and Entrepreneurs in Renaissance Florence. Aldershot: Ashgate Publishing. ISBN 978-0-860-78484-5. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ Macesich, George (2000). Issues in Money and Banking. Westport: Greenwood Publishing Group. p. 42. ISBN 978-0-275-96777-2. Retrieved 12 March 2009. 
^ a b "Poverty in Italy" (PDF). http://www.istat.it/. Istats. Retrieved 1 December 2016.  External link in |website= (help)
^ "Unemployment by sex and age - monthly average". eurostat.ec. eurostat. Retrieved 2 December 2016. 
^ "Italy: tackling child poverty and overcoming the crisis - European Platform for Investing in Children (EPIC) - European Union". europa.eu. Europa. Retrieved 2 December 2016. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Economy of Italy.



OECD's Italy country website
Italy’s economy and economic policies, on the International Monetary Fund’s website
World Bank Trade Summary Statistics Italy 2013
Italian National Institute of Statistic (ISTAT)
Comprehensive current and historical economic data
Tariffs applied by Italy as provided by ITC's Market Access Map, an online database of customs tariffs and market requirements
Italy Gross Domestic Product (GDP) QoQ







v
t
e


Italy articles



History




Chronology



Prehistory

Italic peoples
Ancient Italian peoples
Pre-Nuragic Sardinia
Nuragic peoples


Etruscan Civilization
Nuragic Civilization
Phoenician / Carthaginian colonies
Magna Graecia
Ancient Rome

Kingdom
Republic
Empire


Middle Ages

Italy under Odoacer
Ostrogoths
Lombards
Regnum Italiae
Arabs
Normans
Guelphs and Ghibellines
Italian city-states
Maritime republics


Renaissance

Italian Wars


Early Modern period
Unification
Monarchy and the World Wars

Kingdom of Italy
Colonial Empire
World War I
Fascist Italy
World War II
Resistance
Civil War


Republic

Economic Boom
Years of Lead
Years of Mud
Mani pulite







By topic



Citizenship
Currency
Economy
Fashion
Flags
Genetic
Historic states
Military
Music
Postal
Railways











Geography







Peninsula
Northern

Northwest
Northeast


Central
Southern

South
Insular


Fauna
Flora
Volcanology

Volcanoes


Mountains

Prealps
Alps
Apennines


Beaches
Canals
Caves
Earthquakes
Islands
Lakes
National parks
Rivers
Valleys








Politics







Constitution
Elections
Referendums
Foreign relations

Missions


Judiciary
Law enforcement
Military
Parliament

Chamber of Deputies
Senate


Political parties
President
Prime Minister
Council of Ministers
Regions
Provinces
Metropolitan cities
Municipalities
Cities








Economy







Economic history

Milan
Naples
Rome
Turin


Regions by GDP
Automotive industry
Banking

Central Bank


Companies
Energy
Government debt
Science and technology
Stock exchange
Taxation
Telecommunications

Internet


Tourism
Trade unions
Transportation
Welfare








Society







Abortion
Adoption
Billionaires
Capital punishment
Corruption
Crime
Demographics
Education

Secondary
Higher
Universities


Emigration
Fathers' rights movement
Feminism
Gambling
Health
Healthcare
Immigration
LGBT rights
Nobility
Prostitution
Racism
Religion
Smoking
Social class
Terrorism
Women





Culture



Duecento
Trecento
Quattrocento
Cinquecento
Seicento
Settecento


Architecture
Art
Castles
Cinema
Cuisine

Wine


Decorations
Design
Fashion
Festivals
Folklore
Italophilia
Italophobia
Languages and dialects

Italian


Literature
Media

Newspapers
Radio
TV


Monuments
Mythology
Music

Classical
Folk
Opera
Popular


National symbols

Anthem
Emblem
Flag

Regions


Personification


People
Philosophy
Public holidays
Sculpture
Sport
Traditions
World Heritage Sites











 Italy portal
 WikiProject
 Commons
Quotes
 News
Travel
 Category












v
t
e


Economy of Italy




 Companies of Italy



Industry and business



Companies
Exports
Made in Italy
Automotive
Steel industry
Film
Fashion
Luxury Real Estate
Robotics





Research



ELETTRA
ENEA
Italian Space Agency (ASI)
Erzelli Hi-Tech Park
Istituto Italiano di Tecnologia





Energy



Renewable

Wind
Solar
Geothermal


Oil

Oil refineries







Infrastructure



Transport
Communications
Tourism





Taxation



Tax system





Finance and banking



Banking
Stock Exchange





Development



International rankings
Science and technology





Events



2006 Winter Olympics
Bologna Motor Show
Biennale di Venezia
Concorso d'Eleganza Villa d'Este
EICMA
Expo 2015
Euroflora
Fieracavalli
Genoa International Boat Show
Lucca Comics & Games
Salone Internazionale del Gusto
Salone Internazionale del Mobile di Milano
Settimana della moda
MICAM
Palio di Siena
Rome Film Festival
Venice Film Festival
Vinitaly








See also:  Category
Economy of Europe












v
t
e


Economy of Europe



Sovereign states



Albania
Andorra
Armenia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Belarus
Belgium
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Georgia
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Iceland
Ireland

Italy
Kazakhstan
Latvia
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malta
Moldova
Monaco
Montenegro
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russia
San Marino
Serbia
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Turkey
Ukraine
United Kingdom
Vatican City





States with limited
recognition



Abkhazia
Kosovo
Nagorno-Karabakh
Northern Cyprus
South Ossetia
Transnistria





Dependencies and
other entities



Åland
Faroe Islands
Gibraltar
Guernsey
Isle of Man
Jersey
Svalbard





Other entities



European Union












v
t
e


World Trade Organization



System



Accession and membership
Appellate Body
Dispute Settlement Body
International Trade Centre
Chronology of key events





Issues



Criticism
Doha Development Round
Singapore issues
Quota Elimination
Peace Clause





Agreements



General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
Agriculture
Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures
Technical Barriers to Trade
Trade Related Investment Measures
Trade in Services
Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights
Government Procurement
Information Technology
Marrakech Agreement
Doha Declaration
Bali Package





Ministerial
Conferences



1st (1996)
2nd (1998)
3rd (1999)
4th (2001)
5th (2003)
6th (2005)
7th (2009)
8th (2011)
9th (2013)
10th (2015)





People



Roberto Azevêdo (Director-General)
Pascal Lamy (former Director-General)
Supachai Panitchpakdi (former Director-General)
Deputy Directors-General:

Yonov Frederick Agah
Karl Brauner
David Shark
Yi Xiaozhun

former: Alejandro Jara
Valentine Rugwabiza
Harsha Singh
Rufus Yerxa









Members



Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
Angola
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belize
Benin
Bolivia
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Republic of the Congo
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Cuba
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
European Union¹
Fiji
Gabon
The Gambia
Georgia
Ghana
Grenada
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong²
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Israel
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
South Korea
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Lesotho
Liberia
Liechtenstein
Macau²
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Moldova
Mongolia
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nepal
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Qatar
Russia
Rwanda
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Suriname
Swaziland
Switzerland
Tajikistan
Taiwan³
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe


1. All twenty-eight member states of the European Union are also members of the WTO in their own right:

Austria
Belgium
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malta
Netherlands
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom


2. Special administrative regions of the People's Republic of China, participates as "Hong Kong, China" and "Macao China".
3. Officially the Republic of China, participates as "Separate Customs Territory of Taiwan, Penghu, Kinmen and Matsu", and "Chinese Taipei" in short.











v
t
e


Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD)



History



Convention on the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development
OECD Anti-Bribery Convention





Guidelines



Multinational Enterprises
Testing of Chemicals










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Economy_of_Italy&oldid=792129020"					
Categories: Economy of ItalyEconomic history of ItalyEuropean Union member economiesOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development member economiesWorld Trade Organization member economiesHidden categories: Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsCS1 errors: external linksUse dmy dates from April 2014Articles to be expanded from February 2015All articles to be expandedArticles with empty sections from February 2015All articles with empty sectionsArticles using small message boxes 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাБеларускаяБългарскиCatalàČeštinaEspañolفارسیFrançaisGalegoIdoItalianoქართულიLietuviųMagyarمصرىBahasa MelayuOccitanPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийShqipSuomiУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 17:03.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Economy of Italy - Wikipedia






















 






Economy of Italy

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Economy of Italy


Milan is the financial centre of Italy



Currency
Euro (EUR), except in Campione d'Italia (CHF)



Fiscal year

calendar year



Trade organisations

European Union, WTO, OECD, AIIB


Statistics


GDP
$1.850,735 trillion (nominal, 2016); $2.234,500 trillion (PPP, 2016)[1]


GDP rank
8th (nominal) / 12th (PPP)



GDP growth

 +0.4% Q1 2017,+1.2% acquired 2017 [2]



GDP per capita

$30,507 (nominal, 2016);
$36,833 (PPP, 2016)



GDP by sector

services (74%), industry (24%), agriculture (2%)



Inflation (CPI)

 +1.2% (June 2017)



Population below poverty line

5.7% in poverty, 2014;[3] 24.7% at risk of poverty or social exclusion, 2014[4]



Gini coefficient

0.324 (2015)[5]



Labour force

 25.7 million



Labour force by occupation

services (68%), industry (28%), agriculture (4%)


Unemployment
 11.1% May 2017



Average gross salary


€20,690 ($23,260), yearly (+1.3%) (2016)
[6] (as gross income and not gross wage)



Main industries

iron and steel, cement, chemicals, plastics, production machinery, motor vehicles, shipbuilding, space and aircraft, machine tools, communications, medical apparatus, pharmaceuticals, food and beverages processing, textiles, clothing, fashion, home appliances, tourism



Ease-of-doing-business rank

50th (2017)[7]


External


Exports
 $436.3 billion (2016)[8]



Export goods

engineering products; electrical equipment; vehicles, aircraft and vessels; base metals and steel; textiles, clothing and footwear; chemicals; food and beverages; precious metals; optical and medical apparatus; stone, cement and glass products; paper



Main export partners

 Germany 12.6%
 France 11.1%
 United States 6.8%
  Switzerland 5.7%
 United Kingdom 4.7%
 Spain 4.4%


Imports
 $372.2 billion (2016)[9]



Import goods

minerals; engineering products; chemicals; motor vehicles; base metals; plastics; textiles



Main import partners

 Germany 14.7%
 France 8.4%
 China 8.4%
 Russia 6.3%
 Netherlands 5.8%
 Spain 4.5%



FDI stock

$0.7 trillion



Gross external debt

 $2.6 trillion


Public finances



Public debt

 131% of GDP


Revenues
$1.0 trillion


Expenses
$1.1 trillion


Economic aid
Donor: $2.5 billion, 0.15% of GDP[10]



Credit rating

Standard & Poor's: BBB+[11]
Outlook: Stable
Moody's: BAA2[12]
Outlook: Stable
Fitch: BBB+[13]
Outlook: Stable



Foreign reserves

$0.2 trillion



Main data source: CIA World Fact Book
All values, unless otherwise stated, are in US dollars.



The economy of Italy is the 3rd-largest national economy in the eurozone, the 8th-largest by nominal GDP in the world, and the 12th-largest by GDP (PPP). The country is a founding member of the European Union, the Eurozone, the OECD, the G7 and the G20. Italy is the eighth largest exporter in the world with $514 billion exported in 2016. Its closest trade ties are with the other countries of the European Union, with whom it conducts about 59% of its total trade. The largest trading partners, in order of market share, are Germany (12.6%), France (11.1%), United States (6.8%), Switzerland (5.7%), United Kingdom (4.7%), and Spain (4.4%).[14]
In the post-war period, Italy was transformed from an agricultural based economy which had been severely affected by the consequences of the World Wars, into one of the world's most industrialized nations, and a leading country in world trade and exports. According to the Human Development Index, the country enjoys a very high standard of living, and has the world's 8th highest quality of life according to The Economist.[15] Italy owns the world's third-largest gold reserve,[16] and is the third net contributor to the budget of the European Union.[17] The country is also well known for its influential and innovative business economic sector, an industrious (Italy is the second largest manufacturer in Europe[18] behind Germany) and competitive agricultural sector (Italy is the world's largest wine producer),[19] and for its creative and high-quality automobile, naval, industrial, appliance and fashion design. Italy is the largest market for luxury goods in Europe (third in the world) and the country's private wealth is one of the largest in the world.[20][21]
Despite these important achievements, the country's economy today suffers from structural and non-structural problems. After strong GDP growth in 1945–1990, the last two decades' average annual growth rates were below the EU average with Italy being hit particularly hard by the late-2000s recession. The stagnation in economic growth, and the political efforts to revive it with massive government spending from the 1980s onwards, eventually produced a severe rise in public debt. In addition, Italian living standards have a considerable North–South divide: the average GDP per capita in Northern and Central Italy significantly exceeds the EU average, while some regions and provinces in Southern Italy are dramatically below.[22]
In recent years, Italy's GDP per capita growth slowly returned to the level of its major partners[23] while its employment rate still lags behind due to a large number of undeclared workers (estimated between 10% and 20% of the labour force) counted among the inactive or the unemployed.[24]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Fascist era
1.2 Post-war economic miracle
1.3 From growth to stagnation
1.4 Great Recession


2 Overview

2.1 North–South divide
2.2 Companies
2.3 Wealth
2.4 Regional data


3 Economic sectors

3.1 Primary
3.2 Secondary
3.3 Tertiary


4 Infrastructure

4.1 Energy and natural resources
4.2 Transport


5 Finance
6 Poverty
7 References
8 External links



History[edit]
Main article: Economic history of Italy




Terni steel mills in 1912.


After the unification, industrialization was largely artisanal, and located in the former political capitals; factory industry was instead attracted by the waterfalls of the subalpine Northwest. From the 1880s, as modernization accelerated, industry concentrated in the Lombard and Piedmontese provinces with the boom in textiles, then particularly in Turin and Milan with the engineering boom; and in Liguria's Genoa, which captured civil and naval shipbuilding.[25]
The diffusion of the industrialization process that characterized the northern and central parts of the country starting from the 1880s, completely excluded large areas in the Northeast and in Southern Italy. The resulting Italian diaspora concerned nearly 26 million Italians, the most part immigrated in the period 1880–1914, and it is considered the biggest mass migration of contemporary times.[26] During the Great War, the Italian Royal Army increased in size, with 5 million recruits in total entering service during the war.[27] This came at a terrible cost: by the end of the war, Italy had lost 700,000 soldiers and had a budget deficit of billions of lira.
Fascist era[edit]
Main article: Economy of Italy under fascism




Achille Starace and Italo Balbo visit Alfa Romeo.


Italy emerged from World War I in a poor and weakened condition. The National Fascist Party of Benito Mussolini came to power in 1922, at the end of a period of social unrest. However, once Mussolini acquired a firmer hold of power, laissez-faire and free trade were progressively abandoned in favour of government intervention and protectionism.[28]
In 1929, Italy was hit hard by the Great Depression.[29] Trying to handle the crisis, the Fascist government nationalized the holdings of large banks which had accrued significant industrial securities, establishing the Istituto per la Ricostruzione Industriale.[30] A number of mixed entities were formed, whose purpose it was to bring together representatives of the government and of the major businesses. These representatives discussed economic policy and manipulated prices and wages so as to satisfy both the wishes of the government and the wishes of business.[28]
This economic model based on a partnership between government and business was soon extended to the political sphere, in what came to be known as corporatism. At the same time, the aggressive foreign policy of Mussolini led to an increasing military expenditure. After the invasion of Ethiopia, Italy intervened to support Franco's nationalists in the Spanish Civil War. By 1939, Italy had the highest percentage of state-owned enterprises after the Soviet Union.[28]
Italy's involvement in World War II as a member of the Axis powers required the establishment of a war economy. The Allied invasion of Italy in 1943 eventually caused the Italian political structure – and the economy – to rapidly collapse. The Allies, on the one hand, and the Germans on the other, took over the administration of the areas of Italy under their control. By the end of the war, Italian per capita income was at its lowest point since the beginning of the 20th century.[31]
Post-war economic miracle[edit]
Main article: Italian economic miracle




The Fiat 500, launched in 1957, is considered a symbol of Italy's postwar economic miracle.[32]


After the end of World War II, Italy was in rubble and occupied by foreign armies, a condition that worsened the chronic development gap towards the more advanced European economies. However, the new geopolitical logic of the Cold War made possible that the former enemy Italy, a hinge-country between Western Europe and the Mediterranean, and now a new, fragile democracy threatened by the NATO occupation forces, the proximity of the Iron Curtain and the presence of a strong Communist party,[33] was considered by the USA as an important ally for the Free World, and received under the Marshall Plan US$1,204 million from 1947-51.
The end of aid through the Plan could have stopped the recovery but it coincided with a crucial point in the Korean War whose demand for metal and manufactured products was a further stimulus of Italian industrial production. In addition, the creation in 1957 of the European Common Market, with Italy as a founding member, provided more investment and eased exports.[34]
These favorable developments, combined with the presence of a large labour force, laid the foundation for spectacular economic growth that lasted almost uninterrupted until the "Hot Autumn's" massive strikes and social unrest of 1969–70, which then combined with the later 1973 oil crisis and put an abrupt end to the prolonged boom. It has been calculated that the Italian economy experienced an average rate of growth of GDP of 5.8% per year between 1951–63, and 5% per year between 1964–73.[34] Italian rates of growth were second only, but very close, to the German rates, in Europe, and among the OEEC countries only Japan had been doing better.[35]
From growth to stagnation[edit]




Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti (far left) with G7 leaders in Bonn, 1978.


The 1970s were a period of economic, political turmoil and social unrest in Italy, known as Years of Lead. Unemployment rose sharply, especially among the young, and by 1977 there were one million unemployed people under age 24. Inflation continued, aggravated by the increases in the price of oil in 1973 and 1979. The budget deficit became permanent and intractable, averaging about 10 percent of the gross domestic product (GDP), higher than any other industrial country. The lira fell steadily, from 560 lira to the U.S. dollar in 1973 to 1,400 lira in 1982.[36]
The economic recession went on into the mid-1980s until a set of reforms led to the independence of the Bank of Italy[37] and a big reduction of the indexation of wages[38] that strongly reduced inflation rates, from 20.6% in 1980 to 4.7% in 1987.[39] The new macroeconomic and political stability resulted in a second, export-led "economic miracle", based on small and medium-sized enterprises, producing clothing, leather products, shoes, furniture, textiles, jewelry, and machine tools. As a result of this rapid expansion, in 1987 Italy overtook the British economy (an event known as il sorpasso), becoming the sixth in the world.[40] The Milan stock exchange increased its market capitalization more than fivefold in the space of a few years.[41]




GDP per capita big four Western Europe.


However, the Italian economy of the 1980s presented a problem: it was booming, thanks to increased productivity and surging exports, but unsustainable fiscal deficits drove the growth.[40] In the 1990s, the new Maastricht criteria boosted the urge to curb the public debt, already at 104% of GDP in 1992.[42] The consequent restrictive economic policies worsened the impact of the global recession already underway. After a brief recover at the end of the 1990s, high tax rates and red tape caused the country to stagnate between 2000 and 2008.[43][44]
Great Recession[edit]
Italy was hit hard by the Great Recession and the subsequent European debt crisis. The national economy shrunk by 6.76% during the whole period, totalizing seven-quarters of recession.[45] In November 2011 the Italian bond yield was 6.74 percent for 10-year bonds, nearing a 7 percent level where Italy is thought to lose access to financial markets.[46] According to Eurostat, in 2015 the Italian government debt stood at 128% of GDP, ranking as the second biggest debt ratio after Greece (with 175%).[47] However, the biggest chunk of Italian public debt is owned by Italian nationals [48] and relatively high levels of private savings and low levels of private indebtedness are seen as making it the safest among Europe's struggling economies.[49] As a result of austerity measures, Italy is targeting a public budget deficit of 2.8% in 2015, remaining inside the European Union's 3 percent ceiling.[50]
Overview[edit]
North–South divide[edit]




European Regional Development Fund 2007–2013: Southern Italy is almost all classified under the Convergence objective (GDP per capita less than 75% of the EU average).


Since the unification of Italy in 1861, a wide and increasing economic divide has been noticeably growing between the northern provinces and the southern half of the Italian state. In the early decades of the new kingdom, the lack of an effective land reform, heavy taxes and other economic measures imposed on the South, together with the removal of protectionist tariffs on agricultural goods, made the situation virtually impossible for many tenant farmers and land owners. Multitudes chose to emigrate rather than try to eke out a meager living, especially from 1892 to 1921.[51]
In addition, the surge of brigandage and the Mafia provoked widespread violence, corruption and illegality. After the rise of Benito Mussolini, the "Iron Prefect" Cesare Mori tried to defeat the already powerful criminal organizations flourishing in the South with some degree of success. Fascist policy aimed at the creation of an Italian empire and Southern Italian ports were strategic for all commerce towards the colonies. With the invasion of Southern Italy, the Allies restored the authority of the mafia families, lost during the Fascist period, and used their influence to maintain public order.[52]
In the 1950s the Cassa per il Mezzogiorno was set up as a huge public master plan to help industrialize the South, aiming to do this in two ways: through land reforms creating 120,000 new smallholdings, and through the "Growth Pole Strategy" whereby 60% of all government investment would go to the South, thus boosting the Southern economy by attracting new capital, stimulating local firms, and providing employment. However, the objectives were largely missed, and as a result the South became increasingly subsidized and state dependent, incapable of generating private growth itself.[53]
Even at present, huge regional disparities persist. Problems in Southern Italy still include widespread political corruption, pervasive organized crime, and very high unemployment rates.[54] In 2007, it was estimated that about 80% of the businesses in the Sicilian cities of Catania and Palermo paid protection money;[55] thanks to grassroots movement like Addiopizzo, the mafia racket is slowly but constantly losing its verve.[56][57] The Italian Ministry of Interior reported that organized crime generated an estimated annual profit of €13 billion.[58]
Companies[edit]
Further information: List of companies of Italy




Ferrari is the world's most powerful brand according to the Global 500 annual study published by Brand Finance in 2014.[59]


The country's major companies by sector are: Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, CNH Industrial, Ducati, Piaggio (motor vehicles); Pirelli (tyre manufacturing); Enel, Edison, A2A, Terna (energy); Eni (petrochemicals); Candy, Indesit, De'Longhi (home appliances); Leonardo that has absorbed its subsidiary companies Alenia Aermacchi, AgustaWestland and Oto Melara (defence); Avio, Telespazio (space); Beretta, Benelli (firearms); Armani, Versace, Dolce & Gabbana, Gucci, Benetton, Diesel, Prada, Luxottica, YOOX (fashion); Ferrero, Barilla, Autogrill, Perfetti Van Melle, Campari, Parmalat (food&beverages); Techint, Lucchini, Gruppo Riva, Danieli (steel); Prysmian, Salini Impregilo, Italcementi, Buzzi Unicem, Astaldi (construction); STMicroelectronics (electronics); Telecom Italia, Mediaset (communications); Assicurazioni Generali, Unipol (insurance); UniCredit, Intesa Sanpaolo (banking); Ferrari, Maserati, Lamborghini (luxury vehicles); Fincantieri, Ferretti, Azimut (shipbuilding).[60]
Of the world's 500 largest stock-market-listed companies measured by revenue in 2014, the Fortune Global 500, these are headquartered in Italy.[61]


Rank
Company
Headquarter
Main sector


22
Eni
Rome
Petroleum


24
Exor
Turin
Automotive


48
Assicurazioni Generali
Trieste
Insurance


56
Enel
Rome
Electric Utility


200
Intesa Sanpaolo
Turin
Banking


204
UniCredit
Milan
Banking


319
Telecom Italia
Rome
Telecommunications


336
Poste italiane
Rome
Postal services


439
Unipol
Bologna
Insurance


Wealth[edit]
Further information: List of Italian billionaires




The owner of confectionery manufacturer Ferrero, Michele Ferrero, was the richest Italian in 2014.


Italy has over 1.4 million people with a net wealth greater than $1 million, a total national wealth of $11.857 trillion, and represents the 5th largest cumulative net wealth globally (it accounts for 4.92% of the net wealth in the world).[62] According to the Credit Suisse's Global Wealth Databook 2013, the median wealth per adult is $138,653 (5th in the world),[62] while according to the Allianz's Global Wealth Report 2013, the net financial wealth per capita is €45,770 (13th in the world).[63]
The following top 10 list of Italian billionaires is based on an annual assessment of wealth and assets compiled and published by Forbes in 2014.[64]


Rank
Name
Net Worth ($ bil.)
Main source


31
Michele Ferrero
23.2
Ferrero


37
Leonardo Del Vecchio
20.2
Luxottica


100
Stefano Pessina
11.8
Walgreens Boots Alliance


176
Silvio Berlusconi
7.5
Fininvest


179
Giorgio Armani
7.4
Armani


245
Augusto & Giorgio Perfetti
5.9
Perfetti Van Melle


285
Paolo & Gianfelice Rocca
5.1
Techint


358
Miuccia Prada
4.4
Prada


359
Patrizio Bertelli
4.4
Prada


558
Renzo Rosso
3.1
Diesel


Regional data[edit]
Further information: List of Italian regions by GDP




Gross domestic product per capita at PPP in 2010, by NUTS-2 regions in the European Union.






The labour productivity levels in Europe in 2012. Italy is at the same level of the UK and Finland.



2011 Gross Domestic Product in Italy (2014 data)[65]

NUTS-1 region
€ mil.
€ per cap.
% of the EU average


North-Western Italy
511,484
31,700
124


North-Eastern Italy
364,560
31,200
122


Central Italy
340,669
28,400
111


Southern Italy
243,895
17,200
67


Insular Italy
117,031
17,400
68



2011 Gross Domestic Product in Italy (2014 data)[65]

Region
€ mil.
€ per cap.
NUTS-1 region


Abruzzo
7004300730000000000♠30,073
7004224000000000000♠22,400
South


Aosta Valley[a]
7003432800000000000♠4,328
7004337000000000000♠33,700
North-West


Apulia
7004699740000000000♠69,974
7004171000000000000♠17,100
South


Basilicata
7004107440000000000♠10,744
7004183000000000000♠18,300
South


Calabria
7004330550000000000♠33,055
7004164000000000000♠16,400
South


Campania
7004936350000000000♠93,635
7004160000000000000♠16,000
South


Emilia-Romagna
7005142609000000000♠142,609
7004321000000000000♠32,100
North-East


Friuli-Venezia Giulia[a]
7004366280000000000♠36,628
7004296000000000000♠29,600
North-East


Lazio
7005172246000000000♠172,246
7004300000000000000♠30,000
Centre


Liguria
7004439980000000000♠43,998
7004272000000000000♠27,200
North-West


Lombardy
7005337161000000000♠337,161
7004339000000000000♠33,900
North-West


Marche
7004408770000000000♠40,877
7004261000000000000♠26,100
Centre


Molise
7003641400000000000♠6,414
7004201000000000000♠20,100
South


Piedmont
7005125997000000000♠125,997
7004282000000000000♠28,200
North-West


Sardinia[a]
7004330750000000000♠33,075
7004197000000000000♠19,700
Islands


Sicily[a]
7004839560000000000♠83,956
7004166000000000000♠16,600
Islands


Tuscany
7005106013000000000♠106,013
7004282000000000000♠28,200
Centre


Trentino-South Tyrol[a]
7004357970000000000♠35,797
7004343000000000000♠34,300
North-East


Umbria
7004215330000000000♠21,533
7004237000000000000♠23,700
Centre


Veneto
7005149527000000000♠149,527
7004302000000000000♠30,200
North-East


^a The autonomous regions with special statute have several financial privileges.
Economic sectors[edit]
Primary[edit]




Vineyards near Certaldo, Tuscany. Italy is the world's top wine producer (22% of global market).[19]


According to the last national agricultural census, there were 1.6 million farms in 2010 (-32.4% since 2000) covering 12.7 million hectares (63% of which are located in Southern Italy).[66] The vast majority (99%) are family-operated and small, averaging only 8 hectares in size.[66] Of the total surface area in agricultural use (forestry excluded), grain fields take up 31%, olive tree orchards 8.2%, vineyards 5.4%, citrus orchards 3.8%, sugar beets 1.7%, and horticulture 2.4%. The remainder is primarily dedicated to pastures (25.9%) and feed grains (11.6%).[66] The northern part of Italy produces primarily maize corn, rice, sugar beets, soybeans, meat, fruits and dairy products, while the South specializes in wheat and citrus fruits. Livestock includes 6 million head of cattle, 8.6 million head of swine, 6.8 million head of sheep, and 0.9 million head of goats.[66] The total annual production of the fishing industry in Italy from capture and aquaculture, including crustaceans and molluscs, stood at 480 tons.
Italy is the first largest producer of wine in the world, and one of the leading in olive oil, fruits (apples, olives, grapes, oranges, lemons, pears, apricots, hazelnuts, peaches, cherries, plums, strawberries and kiwifruits), and vegetables (especially artichokes and tomatoes). The most famous Italian wines are probably the Tuscan Chianti and the Piedmontese Barolo. Other famous wines are Barbaresco, Barbera d'Asti, Brunello di Montalcino, Frascati, Montepulciano d'Abruzzo, Morellino di Scansano, and the sparkling wines Franciacorta and Prosecco. Quality goods in which Italy specialises, particularly the already mentioned wines and regional cheeses, are often protected under the quality assurance labels DOC/DOP. This geographical indication certificate, which is attributed by the European Union, is considered important in order to avoid confusion with low-quality mass-produced ersatz products.
Secondary[edit]




Italy's Product Exports Treemap in 2014 from Harvard Atlas of Economic Complexity.


Italy has a smaller number of global multinational corporations than other economies of comparable size, but there is a large number of small and medium-sized enterprises, many of them grouped in clusters, which are the backbone of the Italian industry.[67] This has produced a manufacturing sector often focused on the export of niche market and luxury products, that on one side is less capable of competing on quantity, but on the other side is more capable of facing the competition from emerging economies based on lower labor costs, with higher quality products.[68] The industrial districts are regionalized: in the Northwest there is a large modern group of industries, as in the so-called "Industrial Triangle" (Milan-Turin-Genoa), where there is an area of intense machinery, automotive, aerospace and naval production; in the Northeast and the Center, previously rural areas that experienced social and economic development around family-based firms, there are small enterprises of low technology but high craftsmanship, specialized in clothing, leather products, footwear, furniture, textiles, machine tools, spare parts, appliances, and jewellery; finally, in the less-developed South, the two forms exist side by side.[67][69]
Tertiary[edit]



This section is empty. You can help by adding to it. (February 2015)


Infrastructure[edit]
Energy and natural resources[edit]
Main article: Energy in Italy




Wind turbines in Varese Ligure.


In the early 1970s Italy was a major producer of pyrites (from the Tuscan Maremma), asbestos (from the Balangero mines), fluorite (found in Sicily), and salt. At the same time, it was self-sufficient in aluminum (from Gargano), sulfur (from Sicily), lead, and zinc (from Sardinia).[70] By the beginning of the 1990s, however, it had lost all its world-ranking positions and was no longer self-sufficient in those resources. There are no substantial deposits of iron, coal, or oil. Moderate natural gas reserves, mainly in the Po Valley and offshore Adriatic Sea, have been discovered in recent years and constitute the country's most important mineral resource. Italy is one of the world's leading producers of pumice, pozzolana, and feldspar.[70] Another mineral resource for which Italy is well-known is marble, especially the world-famous white Carrara marble from the Massa and Carrara quarries in Tuscany. Most raw materials needed for manufacturing and more than 80% of the country's energy sources are imported (99.7% of the solid fuels demand, 92.5% of oil, 91.2% of natural gas and 13% of electricity).[71][72] Due to its reliance on imports, Italians pay approximately 45% more than the EU average for electricity.[73]
Italy has managed four nuclear reactors until the 1980s, but in 1987, after the Chernobyl disaster, a large majority of Italians passed a referendum opting for phasing out nuclear power in Italy. The government responded by closing existing nuclear power plants and stopping work on projects underway, continuing to work to the nuclear energy program abroad. The national power company Enel operates seven nuclear reactors in Spain (through Endesa) and four in Slovakia (through Slovenské elektrárne),[74] and in 2005 made an agreement with Électricité de France for a nuclear reactor in France.[73] With these agreements, Italy has managed to access nuclear power and direct involvement in design, construction, and operation of the plants without placing reactors on Italian territory.[73]
In the last decade, Italy has become one of the world's largest producers of renewable energy, ranking as the third largest producer in the European Union after Germany and Sweden.[75] The country is also the world's second largest producer of energy from solar power.[76] Renewable sources account for the 27.5% of all electricity produced in Italy, with hydro alone reaching 12.6%, followed by solar at 5.7%, wind at 4.1%, bioenergy at 3.5%, and geothermal at 1.6%.[75] The rest of the national demand is covered by fossil fuels (38.2% natural gas, 13% coal, 8.4% oil) and by imports.[75]
Transport[edit]
Main article: Transport in Italy




Rome Fiumicino Airport in 2014 was the eighth-busiest airport in Europe.


Italy was the first country in the world to build motorways, the so-called "autostrade", reserved for motor vehicles. The Milano-Laghi motorway, connecting Milan to Varese and now parts of the A8 and A9 motorways, was devised by Piero Puricelli, a civil engineer and entrepreneur. He received the first authorization to build a public-utility fast road in 1921, and completed the construction between 1924 and 1926. By the end of the 1930s, over 400 kilometers of multi- and dual-single-lane motorways were constructed throughout Italy, linking cities and rural towns. Today there are 668,721 km of serviceable roads in Italy, including 6,661 km of motorways (mostly toll roads, national and local roads), state-owned but privately operated mainly by Atlantia company.
The railway network is also extensive, especially in the north, totalizing 16,862 km of which 69% are electrified and on which 4,937 locomotives and railcars circulate. It is the 12th largest in the world, and is operated by state-owned Ferrovie dello Stato, while the rail tracks and infrastructure are managed by Rete Ferroviaria Italiana. While a number of private railroads exist and provide mostly commuter-type services, the national railway also provides sophisticated high-speed rail service that joins the major cities. The Florence–Rome high-speed railway was the first high-speed line opened in Europe when more than half of it opened in 1977. In 1991 the TAV was created for the planning and construction of high-speed rail lines along Italy's most important and saturated transport routes (Milan-Rome-Naples and Turin-Milan-Venice). High-speed trains include ETR-class trains, with the Frecciarossa 1000 reaching 400 km/h.
There are approximately 130 airports in Italy, of which 99 have paved runways (including the two hubs of Leonardo Da Vinci International in Rome and Malpensa International in Milan), and 43 major seaports including the Port of Genoa, the country's largest and the third busiest by cargo tonnage in the Mediterranean Sea. The national inland waterway network comprises 1,477 km of navigable rivers and channels. In 2007 Italy maintained a civilian air fleet of about 389,000 units and a merchant fleet of 581 ships.[77]
Finance[edit]
Main article: List of banks in Italy
The origins of modern banking can be traced to medieval and early Renaissance Italy, to the rich cities like Florence, Lucca, Siena, Venice and Genoa. The Bardi and Peruzzi families dominated banking in 14th century Florence, establishing branches in many other parts of Europe.[78] One of the most famous Italian banks was the Medici Bank, set up by Giovanni di Bicci de' Medici in 1397.[79] The earliest known state deposit bank, the Bank of Saint George, was founded in 1407 in Genoa,[80] while Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena, founded in 1472, is the oldest surviving bank in the world. Today, among the financial services companies, UniCredit is one of the largest bank in Europe by capitalization and Assicurazioni Generali is second largest insurance group in the world by revenue after AXA.
This is a list of the major Italian banks and insurance groups ranked by total assets and gross premiums written.

As of 31 December 2013





Banks[60]

Rank
Company
Headquarter
Assets (€ mil.)


1
UniCredit
Milan
982,151


2
Intesa Sanpaolo
Turin
676,798


3
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena
Siena
197,943


4
Banco Popolare
Verona
123,743


5
UBI Banca
Bergamo
121,323


6
Banca Nazionale del Lavoro
Rome
84,892


7
Mediobanca
Milan
72,428


8
Banca Popolare dell'Emilia Romagna
Modena
61,266


9
Banca Popolare di Milano
Milan
49,257


10
Crédit Agricole–Cariparma Group
Parma
48,235





Insurance groups[60]

Rank
Company
Headquarter
Premiums (€ mil.)


1
Assicurazioni Generali
Trieste
62,535


2
Unipol (UnipolSai and other subsidiaries)
Bologna
16,673


3
Poste italiane (Poste Vita and Poste Assicura)
Rome
13,244


4
Intesa Sanpaolo (Intesa Sanpaolo Vita)
Turin
11,948


5
Allianz (Allianz S.p.A. only)
Trieste
7,296


6
Banca Mediolanum
Milan
4,596


7
Cattolica Assicurazioni
Verona
4,221


8
BNP Paribas's Italian subsidiary

4,174


9
Reale Mutua Assicurazioni
Turin
3,539


10
CNP Assurances–UniCredit (CNP UniCredit Vita)
Milan
2,562


11
Crédit Agricole (Crédit Agricole Vita)

2,213


12
Aviva (Aviva Italia Holding)
Milan
2,151


13
AXA's Italian subsidiary

1,872


14
Groupama's Italian subsidiary

1,484


15
Old Mutual (Old Mutual Wealth Italy)

1,201


16
Vittoria Assicurazioni
Milan
1,150


17
AXA-Banca MPS (AXA MPS Assicurazioni Danni, AXA MPS Assicurazioni Vita )

1,109


18
Covéa–Banca Popolare di Milano (Bipiemme Vita)

1,089


19
Banca Carige (Carige Vita Nuova)
Genoa
1,029


20
Zurich Insurance (Zurich Investment Life)

935





Poverty[edit]
In 2015, poverty in Italy hit the high levels in the previous 10 years. The level of absolute poverty for a 2 people family was 1050,95€/month. The poverty line per capita changed by region from 552,39€/month to 819,13€/month.The numbers of those in absolute poverty rose nearly an entire percent in 2015, from 6.8% in 2014, to 7.6% in 2015.[81] In the south of Italy the numbers are even higher with 10% living in absolute poverty, up from 9 percent in 2014. The north is better off at 6.7%, but still an increase from 5.7% in 2014.[81] The national statics reporting agency, ISTAT, defines absolute poverty as those who can’t buy goods and services which they need to survive. In 2015, the proportion of poor households in relative poverty also increased in 2015 to 13.7 from 12.9 in 2014. ISTAT defines relative poverty as people whose disposable income is less than around half the national average. The unemployment rate in February 2016 remained at 11.7%, which has been the same for almost a year, but even having a job doesn’t guarantee freedom from poverty.[82] Those who have at least one family employed still suffer from 6.1% to 11.7% poverty, the higher number being for those who have factory jobs. The numbers are even higher for the younger generations because their unemployment rate is over 40%. Also, children are hit hard. In 2014, 32% of those aged 0–17 are at risk of poverty or social exclusion, which is one child out of three. In the last ISTAT report poverty is in decline.[83]
References[edit]


^ "Italy". International Monetary Fund. Retrieved 29 June 2015. 
^ http://www.ilsole24ore.com/art/notizie/2017-06-01/pil-l-istat-rivede-rialzo-crescita-i-trimestre-04percento-12percento-anno--100105.shtml?uuid=AEJ7kyWB
^ http://www.ansa.it/sito/notizie/economia/2016/03/14/poverta-istat-in-2014-assoluta-per-147-mln-famiglie_5faaef89-d222-41dd-a04f-6f43459dbc0a.html.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "People at risk of poverty or social exclusion - Eurostat". Eurostat. December 2015. Retrieved 14 March 2016. 
^ "Gini coefficient of equivalised disposable income (source: SILC)". Luxembourg: Eurostat. 15 June 2017. Retrieved 24 June 2017. 
^ http://www.repubblica.it/economia/miojob/lavoro/2017/02/28/news/il_reddito_medio_degli_italiani_a_20_690_euro_bonus_80_euro_da_restituire_per_un_milione_e_700mila_persone-159456014/?ref=RHPPLF-BH-I0-C8-P1-S1.8-T1
^ "Ease of Doing Business in Italy". Doingbusiness.org. Retrieved 2017-01-25. 
^ https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/rankorder/2078rank.html#it
^ https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/rankorder/2087rank.html#it
^ "Biggest aid donors". BBC News. Retrieved 26 March 2009. 
^ "Sovereigns Rating List". Standard & Poor's. Retrieved 26 May 2011. 
^ Bufacchi, Isabella (16 October 2014). "Moody’s confirms stable outlook on Italy’s "Baa2" sovereign rating". Il Sole 24 Ore. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "Fitch Affirms Italy at 'BBB+'; Outlook Stable". Reuters. Retrieved 24 October 2014. 
^ "CIA World Factbook: Italy". CIA. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "The Economist Intelligence Unit’s quality-of-life index" (PDF). The Economist. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Stringa, Giovanni (5 January 2013). "Italia terza al mondo per riserve d'oro, per ogni cittadino dote di 1.650 euro". Corriere della Sera. Retrieved 6 February 2015. 
^ "Quel bilancio Ue poco equilibrato". Il Sole 24 Ore. 1 February 2013. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "Manufacturing statistics". Eurostat. November 2015. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ a b Woodard, Richard (19 March 2013). "Italian wine now 22% of global market". Decanter. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ [1]
^ Italy remains the third market for luxury goods
^ "Convergence between Eu countries and a gap at the territorial level between Italian regions". ISTAT. 19 October 2011. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ [2]
^ [3]
^ Ciccarelli, Carlo; Fenoaltea, Stefano (July 2010). "Through the Magnifying Glass: Provincial Aspects of Industrial Growth in Post-Unification Italy" (PDF). Banca d'Italia. p. 4. 
^ Cohen, Robin (1995). The Cambridge Survey of World Migration. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 114. ISBN 0-521-44405-5. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Clark, Martin (1984). Modern Italy, 1871-1982. New York: Longman. p. 186. ISBN 0-582-48361-1. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ a b c Knight, Patricia (2003). Mussolini and Fascism. New York: Routledge. pp. 64–65. ISBN 0-415-27921-6. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Welk, William G. (1938). Fascist Economy Policy: An Analysis of Italy's Economic Experiment. Cambridge: Harvard University Press. p. 166. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Morgan, Philip (2003). Italian Fascism, 1915-1945. Basingstoke: Macmillan Publishers. p. 160. ISBN 0-333-94998-6. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Lyttelton, Adrian (2002). Liberal and Fascist Italy, 1900-1945. Oxford: Oxford University Press. p. 13. ISBN 0-198-73198-1. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Tagliabue, John (11 August 2007). "Italian Pride Is Revived in a Tiny Fiat". The New York Times. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Hogan, Michael J. (1987). The Marshall Plan: America, Britain, and the reconstruction of Western Europe, 1947–1952. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. pp. 44–45. ISBN 0-521-37840-0. 
^ a b Crafts, Nicholas; Toniolo, Gianni (1996). Economic Growth in Europe Since 1945. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 428. ISBN 0-521-49627-6. 
^ Di Nolfo, Ennio (1992). Power in Europe? Great Britain, France, Germany, and Italy, and the Origins of the EEC, 1952–57. Berlin: Walter de Gruyter. p. 198. ISBN 3-11-012158-1. 
^ "Italy since 1945: Demographic and social change". Encyclopædia Britannica Online. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Vicarelli, Fausto; Sylla, Richard; Cairncross, Alec (1988). Central banks' independence in historical perspective. Berlin: Walter de Gruyter. p. 180. ISBN 978-3110114409. 
^ "Italy since 1945: The economy in the 1980s". Encyclopædia Britannica Online. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "L’Italia in 150 anni. Sommario di statistiche storiche 1861-2010". ISTAT. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ a b Vietor, Richard (1 April 2001). "Italy’s Economic Half-Miracle". Strategy&. Retrieved 8 October 2014. 
^ "Italian Stock Exchange: Main Indicators (1975-2012)". Borsa Italiana. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "Italy: General government gross debt (Percent of GDP)". International Monetary Fund. Retrieved 8 October 2014. 
^ Balcerowicz, Leszek (2013). Economic Growth in the European Union (PDF). Brussels: Lisbon Council. p. 13. ISBN 978-9-0902-7915-2. Retrieved 8 October 2014. 
^ ""Secular stagnation" in graphics". The Economist. 19 November 2014. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "Quarterly Growth Rates of real GDP, change over previous quarter". OECD. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Moody, Barry; Mackenzie, James (8 November 2011). "Berlusconi to resign after parliamentary setback". Reuters. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ "General government gross debt". Eurostat. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Auret, Lisa (18 May 2010). "Could Italy Be Better Off than its Peers?". CNBC. Retrieved 30 May 2011. 
^ Sanderson, Rachel (10 January 2011). "Italian deficit narrows in third quarter". Financial Times. Retrieved 16 July 2011. 
^ Fonte, Giuseppe (25 September 2014). "Italy to cut 2014, 2015 GDP forecasts, hike deficit goals". Reuters. Retrieved 8 February 2015. 
^ Smith, Dennis M. (1997). Modern Italy: A Political History. Ann Arbor: University of Michigan Press. pp. 209–210. ISBN 978-0-472-10895-4. 
^ Newark, Tim (2007). Mafia Allies: The True Story of America's Secret Alliance with the Mob in World War II. London: MBI Publishing Company. pp. 123–135. ISBN 978-0-7603-2457-8. 
^ "Italy: The South". Encyclopædia Britannica Online. 3 February 2015. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Astarita, Tommaso (2005). Between Salt Water and Holy Water: A History of Southern Italy. New York: W. W. Norton & Company. ISBN 0-393-05864-6. 
^ Kiefer, Peter (22 October 2007). "Mafia crime is 7% of GDP in Italy, group reports". New York Times. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Addiopizzo (30 October 2014). "Report on the activity of "Addiopizzo Catania"" (PDF). European Parliament. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Kington, Tom (9 March 2008). "Shopkeepers revolt against Sicilian Mafia". The Guardian. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ "Gli investimenti delle mafie" (PDF). Programma Operativo Nazionale. Obiettivo Sud. 16 January 2013. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Haigh, Robert (18 February 2014). "Ferrari – The World’s Most Powerful Brand". Brand Finance. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ a b c "Leading Italian Companies". Mediobanca. October 2014. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Mehta, Stephanie (2014). "2014 Fortune Global 500". Fortune. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ a b "Global Wealth Databook 2013" (PDF). Credit Suisse. October 2013. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ "Global Wealth Report 2013" (PDF). Allianz. August 2013. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Kroll, Luisa; Dolan, Kerry A. (2014). "The Richest People On The Planet 2014". Fortune. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ a b "Regional GDP per capita in the EU in 2011" (PDF). Eurostat. 27 February 2014. Retrieved 7 March 2014. 
^ a b c d "Censimento Agricoltura 2010". ISTAT. 24 October 2010. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ a b Mignone, Mario B. (2008). Italy today: Facing the Challenges of the New Millennium. New York: Lang Publishing. pp. 161–162. ISBN 978-1-4331-0187-8. 
^ "Knowledge Economy Forum 2008: Innovative Small And Medium Enterprises Are Key To Europe & Central Asian Growth". World Bank. 19 May 2005. Retrieved 17 June 2008. 
^ Friedman, Jonathan (2003). Globalization, the State, and Violence. Lanham: Rowman & Littlefield. p. 97. ISBN 0-7591-0280-5. 
^ a b "Italy, the economy: Resources and power". Encyclopædia Britannica Online. 3 February 2015. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ Eurostat (2008). "Energy, transport and environment indicators" (PDF). EU Bookshop. ISBN 978-92-79-09835-2. Retrieved 10 May 2009. 
^ Eurostat (2009). "Panorama of Energy" (PDF). EU Bookshop. ISBN 978-92-79-11151-8. Retrieved 10 May 2009. 
^ a b c "Emerging Nuclear Energy Countries". World Nuclear Association. December 2014. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ "Nuclear Production". Enel. 31 December 2013. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ a b c "Rapporto Statistico sugli Impianti a fonti rinnovabili" (PDF). Gestore dei Servizi Energetici. 19 December 2013. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ "International Energy Statistics". Energy Information Administration. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ Eurostat (2007). "Panorama of Transport" (PDF). European Commission. ISBN 978-92-79-04618-6. Retrieved 3 May 2009. 
^ Hoggson, Noble F. (1926). Banking Through the Ages. New York: Dodd, Mead and Company. p. 76. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ Goldthwaite, Richard A. (1995). Banks, Palaces, and Entrepreneurs in Renaissance Florence. Aldershot: Ashgate Publishing. ISBN 978-0-860-78484-5. Retrieved 11 February 2015. 
^ Macesich, George (2000). Issues in Money and Banking. Westport: Greenwood Publishing Group. p. 42. ISBN 978-0-275-96777-2. Retrieved 12 March 2009. 
^ a b "Poverty in Italy" (PDF). http://www.istat.it/. Istats. Retrieved 1 December 2016.  External link in |website= (help)
^ "Unemployment by sex and age - monthly average". eurostat.ec. eurostat. Retrieved 2 December 2016. 
^ "Italy: tackling child poverty and overcoming the crisis - European Platform for Investing in Children (EPIC) - European Union". europa.eu. Europa. Retrieved 2 December 2016. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Economy of Italy.



OECD's Italy country website
Italy’s economy and economic policies, on the International Monetary Fund’s website
World Bank Trade Summary Statistics Italy 2013
Italian National Institute of Statistic (ISTAT)
Comprehensive current and historical economic data
Tariffs applied by Italy as provided by ITC's Market Access Map, an online database of customs tariffs and market requirements
Italy Gross Domestic Product (GDP) QoQ







v
t
e


Italy articles



History




Chronology



Prehistory

Italic peoples
Ancient Italian peoples
Pre-Nuragic Sardinia
Nuragic peoples


Etruscan Civilization
Nuragic Civilization
Phoenician / Carthaginian colonies
Magna Graecia
Ancient Rome

Kingdom
Republic
Empire


Middle Ages

Italy under Odoacer
Ostrogoths
Lombards
Regnum Italiae
Arabs
Normans
Guelphs and Ghibellines
Italian city-states
Maritime republics


Renaissance

Italian Wars


Early Modern period
Unification
Monarchy and the World Wars

Kingdom of Italy
Colonial Empire
World War I
Fascist Italy
World War II
Resistance
Civil War


Republic

Economic Boom
Years of Lead
Years of Mud
Mani pulite







By topic



Citizenship
Currency
Economy
Fashion
Flags
Genetic
Historic states
Military
Music
Postal
Railways











Geography







Peninsula
Northern

Northwest
Northeast


Central
Southern

South
Insular


Fauna
Flora
Volcanology

Volcanoes


Mountains

Prealps
Alps
Apennines


Beaches
Canals
Caves
Earthquakes
Islands
Lakes
National parks
Rivers
Valleys








Politics







Constitution
Elections
Referendums
Foreign relations

Missions


Judiciary
Law enforcement
Military
Parliament

Chamber of Deputies
Senate


Political parties
President
Prime Minister
Council of Ministers
Regions
Provinces
Metropolitan cities
Municipalities
Cities








Economy







Economic history

Milan
Naples
Rome
Turin


Regions by GDP
Automotive industry
Banking

Central Bank


Companies
Energy
Government debt
Science and technology
Stock exchange
Taxation
Telecommunications

Internet


Tourism
Trade unions
Transportation
Welfare








Society







Abortion
Adoption
Billionaires
Capital punishment
Corruption
Crime
Demographics
Education

Secondary
Higher
Universities


Emigration
Fathers' rights movement
Feminism
Gambling
Health
Healthcare
Immigration
LGBT rights
Nobility
Prostitution
Racism
Religion
Smoking
Social class
Terrorism
Women





Culture



Duecento
Trecento
Quattrocento
Cinquecento
Seicento
Settecento


Architecture
Art
Castles
Cinema
Cuisine

Wine


Decorations
Design
Fashion
Festivals
Folklore
Italophilia
Italophobia
Languages and dialects

Italian


Literature
Media

Newspapers
Radio
TV


Monuments
Mythology
Music

Classical
Folk
Opera
Popular


National symbols

Anthem
Emblem
Flag

Regions


Personification


People
Philosophy
Public holidays
Sculpture
Sport
Traditions
World Heritage Sites











 Italy portal
 WikiProject
 Commons
Quotes
 News
Travel
 Category












v
t
e


Economy of Italy




 Companies of Italy



Industry and business



Companies
Exports
Made in Italy
Automotive
Steel industry
Film
Fashion
Luxury Real Estate
Robotics





Research



ELETTRA
ENEA
Italian Space Agency (ASI)
Erzelli Hi-Tech Park
Istituto Italiano di Tecnologia





Energy



Renewable

Wind
Solar
Geothermal


Oil

Oil refineries







Infrastructure



Transport
Communications
Tourism





Taxation



Tax system





Finance and banking



Banking
Stock Exchange





Development



International rankings
Science and technology





Events



2006 Winter Olympics
Bologna Motor Show
Biennale di Venezia
Concorso d'Eleganza Villa d'Este
EICMA
Expo 2015
Euroflora
Fieracavalli
Genoa International Boat Show
Lucca Comics & Games
Salone Internazionale del Gusto
Salone Internazionale del Mobile di Milano
Settimana della moda
MICAM
Palio di Siena
Rome Film Festival
Venice Film Festival
Vinitaly








See also:  Category
Economy of Europe












v
t
e


Economy of Europe



Sovereign states



Albania
Andorra
Armenia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Belarus
Belgium
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Georgia
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Iceland
Ireland

Italy
Kazakhstan
Latvia
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malta
Moldova
Monaco
Montenegro
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russia
San Marino
Serbia
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Turkey
Ukraine
United Kingdom
Vatican City





States with limited
recognition



Abkhazia
Kosovo
Nagorno-Karabakh
Northern Cyprus
South Ossetia
Transnistria





Dependencies and
other entities



Åland
Faroe Islands
Gibraltar
Guernsey
Isle of Man
Jersey
Svalbard





Other entities



European Union












v
t
e


World Trade Organization



System



Accession and membership
Appellate Body
Dispute Settlement Body
International Trade Centre
Chronology of key events





Issues



Criticism
Doha Development Round
Singapore issues
Quota Elimination
Peace Clause





Agreements



General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
Agriculture
Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures
Technical Barriers to Trade
Trade Related Investment Measures
Trade in Services
Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights
Government Procurement
Information Technology
Marrakech Agreement
Doha Declaration
Bali Package





Ministerial
Conferences



1st (1996)
2nd (1998)
3rd (1999)
4th (2001)
5th (2003)
6th (2005)
7th (2009)
8th (2011)
9th (2013)
10th (2015)





People



Roberto Azevêdo (Director-General)
Pascal Lamy (former Director-General)
Supachai Panitchpakdi (former Director-General)
Deputy Directors-General:

Yonov Frederick Agah
Karl Brauner
David Shark
Yi Xiaozhun

former: Alejandro Jara
Valentine Rugwabiza
Harsha Singh
Rufus Yerxa









Members



Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
Angola
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belize
Benin
Bolivia
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Republic of the Congo
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Cuba
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
European Union¹
Fiji
Gabon
The Gambia
Georgia
Ghana
Grenada
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong²
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Israel
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
South Korea
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Lesotho
Liberia
Liechtenstein
Macau²
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Moldova
Mongolia
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nepal
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Qatar
Russia
Rwanda
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Suriname
Swaziland
Switzerland
Tajikistan
Taiwan³
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe


1. All twenty-eight member states of the European Union are also members of the WTO in their own right:

Austria
Belgium
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malta
Netherlands
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom


2. Special administrative regions of the People's Republic of China, participates as "Hong Kong, China" and "Macao China".
3. Officially the Republic of China, participates as "Separate Customs Territory of Taiwan, Penghu, Kinmen and Matsu", and "Chinese Taipei" in short.











v
t
e


Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD)



History



Convention on the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development
OECD Anti-Bribery Convention





Guidelines



Multinational Enterprises
Testing of Chemicals










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Economy_of_Italy&oldid=792129020"					
Categories: Economy of ItalyEconomic history of ItalyEuropean Union member economiesOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development member economiesWorld Trade Organization member economiesHidden categories: Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsCS1 errors: external linksUse dmy dates from April 2014Articles to be expanded from February 2015All articles to be expandedArticles with empty sections from February 2015All articles with empty sectionsArticles using small message boxes 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাБеларускаяБългарскиCatalàČeštinaEspañolفارسیFrançaisGalegoIdoItalianoქართულიLietuviųMagyarمصرىBahasa MelayuOccitanPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийShqipSuomiУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 17:03.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






 





Bank of Italy - Financial Market, Product Market Structure and Economic Performance
































Informativa sui cookie: 
La Banca d’Italia utilizza cookie tecnici e di terze parti per il funzionamento del sito: per maggiori informazioni e per sapere come disabilitarli puoi leggere l'informativa sulla privacy. La prosecuzione della navigazione mediante accesso ad altra area del sito o selezione di un elemento dello stesso (ad esempio, di un'immagine o di un link) comporta la prestazione del consenso all'uso dei cookie.


About this site's cookies: 
The Bank of Italy uses its own cookies and third-party cookies to ensure the smooth functioning of its website: for more information and to find out how to disable them, users are invited to read our Privacy Policy. To proceed to a different area of the website or to select an element on a webpage (such as an image or a link) users must first consent to the use of cookies.



Accetta
I Agree


go to english version 


leggi la versione italiana 









Back to the home page








Back to the home page









Site Search





                            ITaliana versione






Show the navigation menu






main sections of the site

About Us
Our Role
Services for the public
Publications
Statistics
Media



local navigation


back
Other Conference Proceedings












you are here: Home
Publications
Other Conference Proceedings
Financial Market, Product Market Structure and Economic Performance









Financial Market, Product Market Structure and Economic PerformanceFirst Banca d'Italia-CEPR Conference on Money, Banking and Finance - Rome, 10-11 October 2003











Vai alla versione italiana
Site Search

 


Share

Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn
WhatsApp
e-mail



Economic integration between real and financial markets, and the flow of information regarding them, have grown spectacularly over the past decade. The “globalization” of the world’s markets may have affected the way in which international monetary and financial variables interact, and the transmission of shocks between the main world economies.
A growing body of evidence suggests that finance matters for economic growth. Less clear, however, are the mechanisms through which this effect occurs, as well as the other dimensions of an economic system that might be affected by financial development.
At a deeper level of economic analysis, however, many aspects of these topics are not yet understood. The purpose of this conference is to identify whether something fundamental has changed in the way the main economic and financial variables interact across the world economy.
Organizing committee
Francesco Lippi (Banca d'Italia and CEPR), Salvatore Rossi (Banca d'Italia), Fabiano Schivardi (Banca d'Italia), Raman Uppal (London Business School and CEPR) and Luigi Zingales (University of Chicago and CEPR)


Programme



Programme
pdf
39.9 KB


Call for papers
pdf
14.3 KB





Session I - Financial Structures and Economic Performance



Rajeev H Dehejia, Adriana Lleras-Muney: Institutions, Financial Development, and Pathways of growth.
pdf
90.4 KB
The United States From 1900 to 1940

Bruno Biais, Thomas Mariotti: Credit, Wages, and Bankruptcy Laws
pdf
344.1 KB


Luigi Guiso, Paola Sapienza, Luigi Zingales: The Cost of Banking Regulation
pdf
205.5 KB


Bo Becker, David Greenberg: The Real Effects of Finance: Evidence from Exports
pdf
177.8 KB





Session II - Financing Innovation



Oved Yosha: Financing Innovation: Is Transparency a Two-Edged Sword?
pdf
466.8 KB
 Oved Yosha died on 6 August 2003, while this program was being finalized. His paper was in the final shortlist. The organizers decided to include it in the program and to ask the discussant to illustrate the paper and th e scientific figure of Oved Yosha

Ana Fernandes: What Does the Walrasian Auctioneer Know? Technology Adoption and Financial Innovation
pdf
223.1 KB


Masayuki Hirukawa, Masako Ueda: Venture Capital and Productivity
pdf
220.0 KB


Raoul Minetti: Informed Capital and Technological Conservatism
pdf
234.3 KB


Romain Ranciere, Aaron Tornell, Frank Westermann: Crises and Growth: A Re-Evaluation
pdf
565.4 KB





Session III - Banking



Fabio Panetta, Fabiano Schivardi, Matthew Shum: Do Mergers Improve Information? Evidence from the Loan Market
pdf
388.8 KB


Marianne Bertrand, Antoinette Schoar, David Thesmar: Banking Deregulation and Industry Structure.
pdf
245.7 KB
Evidence from the French Banking Reforms of 1985

Marcello Bofondi, Giorgio Gobbi: Bad Loans and Entry into Local Credit Markets
pdf
267.8 KB


Ashoka Mody, Assaf Razin, Efraim Sadka: The Role of Information in Driving FDI Flows.
pdf
879.3 KB
Host-Country Transparency and Source-Country Specialization





 



navigation

    you are here: Home
Publications
Other Conference Proceedings
               Financial Market, Product Market Structure and Economic Performance
        


back
Other Conference Proceedings




main sections of the site

About Us
Our Role
Services for the public
Publications
Statistics
Media













BANK OF ITALY
via Nazionale 91 00184 Rome Phone: +39 06 47921 PEC: bancaditalia@pec.bancaditalia.it e-mail: email@bancaditalia.it

Contact Us
Transparency
Branches
Working for the Bank of Italy
Glossary
FAQ



Links

Financial Intelligence Unit
Banking and Financial Ombudsman

CERTFin
Central bank websites

Legal Information

Public Key Infrastructure
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Copyright

 

Follow us

YouTube
Twitter - Banca d'Italia
Twitter - Ufficio stampa
Google+
LinkedIn
RSS
E-mail Alert
 
 



© Bank of Italy | VAT NO. 00950501007
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




Italy Products and services | Barclays















 




Please enable JavaScript for full functionality.










Barclays uses cookies on this website. They help us to know a little bit about you and how you use our website, which improves the browsing experience and marketing – both for you and for others. They are stored locally on your computer or mobile device. To accept cookies continue browsing as normal. For more information and preferences go to the cookie policy (new window). You will see this message only once.




Close 


Double click here to edit Header component







Main Menu








Signpost is empty.Double click here to edit it in Header component






Search

Search









Products and services in Italy

 Hub Hero 





Products and services
Our banking services cover everything from credit cards to corporate banking, across the globe.



			     
			         Italy
             








 Parsys 1 





 Parsys 2 


Please select a category


For individualsWe're on hand to help you manage your money with a range of bank accounts, products and services to meet your savings, protection and borrowing needs.For small and medium businessesWe are open for business and we want you to be too. Business banking offers specialist advice, products and services for small and medium-sized businesses.For corporates and institutionsWe offer a wide range of products and services to meet the financial needs of both corporations and institutions.







 Parsys 3 





 Parsys 4 





 Parsys 5 





 Parsys 6 





 Parsys 7 





 Parsys 8 





 Parsys 9 





 Parsys 10 





 Parsys11 





 Parsys 12 















	Projects & Applications » By product » Commercial and industrial chillers » Water cooled chillers » Bank of Italy





























































































Corporate







A leading brand
Mission
Responsibility




7 Guiding Principles
















                                        Choose a country and browse our extensive product range
                                    











Select your country
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Antigua e Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Capo Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Côte dIvoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Etiopia
Fiji
Finland
France
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Great Britain
Greece
Grenada
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Reunion
Rumania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Kitts e Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Vietnam
Wallis and Futuna
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe












Chiller plant control with active optimization system












Explore the heat pumps range that satisfy all the heating requirements of residential, small and medium office












Hydronic Systems





All Air Systems





IT Cooling Systems





WLHP Systems







Climaveneta Service







Climaveneta approach to service




Find your nearest service center









Search project






Advanced Search
By geographical area




By product
By Year
















Applications







Industrial
Residential buildings
Sport structures
School / University
Museum
Telecommunications
Fair
Military
Data Center




Airports
Retail
Office Buildings
Cinema
Theatres
Hotel and resorts
Healthcare / Hospitals
Naval
Institutions











Climaveneta Worldwide


                            Select Subsidiaries
                            


                    
                        







Select your subsidiaries
China
Deutschland
España
France
Great Britain
Hong Kong
India
Middle East
Polska
Russia
Southeast Asia




Distributors




Select your country
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Antigua e Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Capo Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Côte dIvoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Etiopia
Fiji
Finland
France
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Great Britain
Greece
Grenada
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Reunion
Rumania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Kitts e Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Vietnam
Wallis and Futuna
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe










Oil-free centrifugal technology



 



Units for 4-pipe systems



 















        
        Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services you agree to our use of cookies
         
         
        OK
More Info






Advanced SearchBy geographical areaBy productResidential unitsHeat pumps for heatingChillersAir cooled chillersWater cooled chillersCondenserless chillersHeat pumpsMultiuse unitsHydronic terminalsIT CoolingTelecom solutionsRoof topControlsAHUAncillaryBy applicationBy customerBy Year













Linked machines
i-FX-W (1+i) 1402 - 4652



Share
|















            Bank of Italy        
        
Rome - Italy

Period: 2016
Investor: Banca d'Italia

Application:
                Offices

Plant type:
                Hydronic System

Cooling capacity: 917 kW
Installed machines:1x i-FX-W(1+i)/CA 2602


« back











 




































Every woman's bank from Bank of America

































Personal 


Small business 


Wealth management 


Business & institutions 


About us 










Search Bar










 
Site Search





 
Menu





Skip to Content

Who we are
+Show Who we are Dropdown

Show Who we are Dropdown


We’re focused on serving our clients to help them live their financial lives.


Our company




																	Our strategy



																	Our businesses



																	Our values



																	Our culture




Our leadership




																	Hear from our CEO




Where we are




																	United States & Canada



																	Asia Pacific



																	Europe, Middle East, & Africa



																	Latin America




History & heritage




																	Our heritage



																	Our roots



																	The rise of an industry



																	The modern era



																	Technology & innovations












											Better Money Habits®
We've partnered with Sal Khan and Khan Academy to give you a simple, self-paced learning experience.....
											
learn  More about Better Money Habits®





											Empowering people with disabilities
Through advocacy, employment, and volunteering, we're proud to support people with disabilities...
											
learn  More about Empowering people with disabilities





											Report center
Get fact sheets, reports and financial updates, and learn about our lending, investing and giving...
											
learn  More about Report center





What guides us
+Show What guides us Dropdown

Show What guides us Dropdown


Making financial lives better through the power of every connection.


Responsible growth
See how our strategy of responsible growth drives every aspect of our business and culture




Making an impact
Investing in people and communities through our business and partnerships



																	Environmental sustainability



																	Driving economic & social progress



																	Enabling financial health




Our business practices
Maintaining a culture of being accountable and responsible



																	Governance



																	Risk management



																	Client focus



																	Vendor management




Our people
Investing in our employees at home and in the workplace so they can better serve our clients



																	Diversity & inclusion



																	Attracting & developing talent 



																	Wellness



																	Recognizing & rewarding performance



																	Volunteerism




Reporting
Providing detailed reports, fact sheets and financial updates about the way we do business



																	GRI Content Index



																	Report center



																	Materiality












											ESG Report
Read about our commitment to Environmental, Social and Governance performance in our new repor..
											
learn  More about ESG Report





											Inspiring tomorrow's leaders
Student Leaders® connects teens to summer jobs, service and leadership opportunities...
											
learn  More about Inspiring tomorrow's leaders





											Report center
Get fact sheets, reports and financial updates, and learn about our lending, investing and giving...
											
learn  More about Report center





Partnering locally
+Show Partnering locally Dropdown

Show Partnering locally Dropdown


What's happening in your community?


United States


Find by State:

Select State


																																												
																							> Alabama


																																												
																							> Alaska


																																												
																							> Arizona


																																												
																							> Arkansas


																																												
																							> California


																																												
																							> Colorado


																																												
																							> Connecticut


																																												
																							> Delaware


																																												
																							> Florida


																																												
																							> Georgia


																																												
																							> Hawaii


																																												
																							> Idaho


																																												
																							> Illinois


																																												
																							> Indiana


																																												
																							> Iowa


																																												
																							> Kansas


																																												
																							> Kentucky


																																												
																							> Louisiana


																																												
																							> Maine


																																												
																							> Maryland


																																												
																							> Massachusetts


																																												
																							> Michigan


																																												
																							> Minnesota


																																												
																							> Mississippi


																																												
																							> Missouri


																																												
																							> Montana


																																												
																							> Nebraska


																																												
																							> Nevada


																																												
																							> New Hampshire


																																												
																							> New Jersey


																																												
																							> New Mexico


																																												
																							> New York


																																												
																							> North Carolina


																																												
																							> North Dakota


																																												
																							> Ohio


																																												
																							> Oklahoma


																																												
																							> Oregon


																																												
																							> Pennsylvania


																																												
																							> Rhode Island


																																												
																							> South Carolina


																																												
																							> South Dakota


																																												
																							> Tennessee


																																												
																							> Texas


																																												
																							> Utah


																																												
																							> Vermont


																																												
																							> Virginia


																																												
																							> Washington


																																												
																							> West Virginia


																																												
																							> Wisconsin


																																												
																							> Wyoming





Featured Metro Areas:

Select Metro Area



																											>
																											Atlanta, GA



																											>
																											Baltimore, MD



																											>
																											Boston, MA



																											>
																											Charlotte, NC



																											>
																											Chicago, IL



																											>
																											Dallas, TX



																											>
																											Detroit, MI



																											>
																											Greater Los Angeles, CA



																											>
																											Greater Washington, D.C.



																											>
																											Houston, TX



																											>
																											New York, NY



																											>
																											Phoenix, AZ



																											>
																											San Diego, CA



																											>
																											San Francisco Bay Area, CA



																											>
																											Seattle, WA



																											>
																											Silicon Valley, CA



																											>
																											South Florida, FL






Global




																					United States & Canada



																					Asia Pacific



																					Europe, Middle East & Africa



																					Latin America



																							VIEW ALL


How we're involved




																					Supporting people with disabilities



																					Investing in women



																					Service members & veterans



																					Student Leaders®



																					Environmental, social and governance performance



																							VIEW ALL


Resources




																					Report center



																					Looking for grants or sponsorships



																					Find a community development financial institution near you












											Supporting those who've served
See how we're helping service members and veterans make the transition to civilian life...
											
learn  More about Supporting those who've served





											Empowering people with disabilities
Through advocacy, employment, and volunteering, we're proud to support people with disabilities...
											
learn  More about Empowering people with disabilities





											Inspiring tomorrow's leaders
Student Leaders® connects teens to summer jobs, service and leadership opportunities...
											
learn  More about Inspiring tomorrow's leaders





Newsroom

Show Newsroom Dropdown


Welcome to Bank of America's Newsroom




Press releases 
Bank of America press releases, searchable by category and year


Press kits 
Comprehensive information on newsworthy subjects






Journalist resources 
Resources for journalists writing stories about Bank of America


Executive biographies
Biographies of Bank of America executives






Awards & recognition 
Awards and recognition Bank of America has received from publications and organizations










Investor relations

Show Investor relations Dropdown


Access Financial Information




Financial information 
Review financial information including our SEC filings, press releases and quarterly earnings


Investor presentations 
Access recent financial presentations delivered to investors


Fixed income information
See credit ratings, information on preferred stock and securitizations and additional fixed income investor materials






Annual reports & proxy statements 
View and download current or historical annual reports and proxy statements


Stock information 
Look up your stock price, view historical quotes, dividend information and more


Shareholder services 
Access your shareholder account, review your history, and perform account transactions






Newsroom 
Access press materials, speeches, executive biographies, corporate facts and more


Corporate governance
Learn more about our management team, board of directors and the principles that govern our business


Contact us
Reach our investor relations team by phone or e-mail






DID YOU KNOW?






Careers

Show Careers Dropdown

















Home
				
					
						
							 / 
						
						
							
								
									
										Our story
									
									
								
							
							
						
					
						
							 / 
						
						
							
							
								
									
									
										Every Womans Bank 



Print this article
Share this article











						Our Heritage
						







						Our Roots
						







						The Rise of Industry
						







						The Modern Era
						







						Technology & Innovations
						







						Today
						








Show or Hide Menu





Every woman's bank
Bank of America’s heritage bank in San Francisco, Bank of Italy, created the country’s first bank by and for women, the Women’s Banking Department—a bank within the bank that gave women access to their own accounts where they could manage their finances without the involvement of their spouses.











Previous






Every woman's bank


everywoman 
defaultPlayer 
true 
black 
/assets/images/our-story/history-and-heritage/Era3_Womens_878x494.jpg|Every woman's bank|Every woman's bank 
|| 
 
 
In 1921, the first significant victory of the women's liberation movement culminated in the passing of the 19th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, which granted women the right to vote.Shortly following this historical achievement, our heritage bank in San Francisco, Bank of Italy, opened the country's first bank by and for women, the Women’s Banking Department.Through this, women had access to their own accounts where they could manage their finances independently. 
 
Every woman's bank 
/en-us/our-story/every-womans-bank.html 
 
 
1359940|enter782|cr-en284 
Every woman's bank 
/en-us/our-story/every-womans-bank.html 
_self 
1359940|enter782|2014_855|| 
1359940|enter782|2014_319|| 
1359940|enter782|2014_00|| 
 
 





















Grace Stoermer at work in the Los Angeles Women's Banking Department, 1924.






Grace Stoermer leading a finance class for women in the Los Angeles Women's Banking Department.






Customers in the Los Angeles Women's Banking Department with Grace Stoermer.






Brochure for the Women's Banking Department in San Francisco, opened in 1921.






The staff of the Women's Banking Department in San Francisco, circa 1921.






Portrait of Grace Stoermer, head of the Los Angeles Women's Banking Department, circa 1923.




Next




1
		/
		7














Prior to the women's liberation movement in the United States, women did not have the right to vote, own property or even manage their own bank accounts. In 1921, the first significant victory of the movement culminated in the passing of the 19th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, which granted women the right to vote. Shortly following this historical achievement, our heritage bank in San Francisco, Bank of Italy, opened the country's first bank by and for women, the Women's Banking Department. For the first time in America, women had access to their own accounts where they could manage their finances without the involvement of their spouses.The department was directed and staffed entirely by women—another first for the country. An office opened in San Francisco in 1921 and another in Los Angeles in 1923. Both departments operated as separate banks, apart from the main banking center. In addition to regular banking services, the Women's Banking Departments offered advisory services and financial education to help empower women to make the best decisions for their finances. Education covered topics such as savings, trust services, commercial banking and investing. Its customers could also take out personal, real estate and building loans. The departments also engaged in community outreach, working to create resources for beyond the area of finances. In Los Angeles, the department financed the construction of the Women’s Athletic Club. In San Francisco, the Women’s Banking Department financed the City and County Federation building, which housed a network of civic and philanthropic organizations run by women. Both departments were a huge success and grew rapidly. By 1927, the Women's Banking Departments had more than 20,000 account holders.A.P. Giannini, the president of our heritage bank in San Francisco, learned that California had appointed its first woman to serve as the Secretary of the California State Senate. After completing her first term in the Senate, Grace Stoermer got an offer from Giannini to run the Women's Banking Department in Los Angeles. Her first instinct was to refuse the offer.“I didn’t want the job when it was offered [to] me,” she said. “Then, I saw in this position a chance for real service to women, so I accepted it.”  Stoermer got to work creating additional services for the Women's Banking Department to offer. She worked to remove the barrier between the Women’s Banking Department and the rest of the company. Stoermer saw the bank as a whole as a “medium through which women could assert themselves and take their rightful place in the financial world.” With this conviction, she coined a term that would become famously associated with our heritage institution, “every woman’s bank.”Stoermer remained active in her efforts to make inroads for women until she retired in 1946. During her tenure at Bank of America, she served as president of the Association of Bank Women, the Business and Professional Women’s Club of Los Angeles, and the Los Angeles Soroptimist Club, where she inaugurated the “Forty Plus” program to assist older women in securing employment. Stoermer helped set a foundation for both Bank of America and the banking industry as a whole that would be built upon to support women colleagues, customers and clients for generations to come. “By raising the economic standard of women, the whole community is helped, and through the upbuilding of the community, the State and the Nation are benefited.” – Grace Stoermer, director, Women’s Banking Department
Visit one of our Heritage Centers for an up close look at this and other stories from our bank’s history. Learn more



































							Who we are 


												Our company



												Our leadership



												Where we are



												History & heritage






							What guides us 


												Responsible growth



												Making an impact



												Our business practices



												Our people



												Reporting






										Partnering locally 

 



													See what is happeningnear you







										Newsroom 



														Press releases , link will open in new window




														Press kits , link will open in new window




														Journalist resources , link will open in new window




														Executive biographies, link will open in new window




														Awards & recognition , link will open in new window







										Investor relations 



														Financial information , link will open in new window




														Investor presentations , link will open in new window




														Fixed income information, link will open in new window




														Annual reports & proxy statements , link will open in new window




														Stock information , link will open in new window




														Shareholder services , link will open in new window













												Careers 



												Locations 



												Contact us 



												Help 



												Accessible banking 



												Privacy & security 



												Social community guidelines 



												Site map 


Advertising practices 


Advertising practices
We strive to provide you with information about products and services you might find interesting and useful. Relationship-based ads and online behavioral advertising help us do that.
Here's how it works: We gather information about your online activities, such as the searches you conduct on our Sites and the pages you visit. This information may be used to deliver advertising on our Sites and offline (for example, by phone, email and direct mail) that's customized to meet specific interests you may have.
If you prefer that we not use this information, you can opt out of online behavioral advertising. If you opt out, though, you may still receive generic advertising.Also, if you opt out of online behavioral advertising, you may still see ads when you sign in to your account, for example through Online Banking or MyMerrill. These ads are based on your specific account relationships with us.
To learn more about relationship-based ads, online behavioral advertising and our privacy practices, please review the Bank of America Online Privacy Notice and our Online Privacy FAQs.































				Connect with us

, link opens in a new window



, link opens in a new window



, link opens in a new window





				This site contains PDF documents that require you to have the latest version of Adobe Reader in order to read them. Download the latest update of Adobe Reader.
				


				Bank of America, N.A. Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender © 2017 Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.
				






Investing in securities involves risks, and there is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities.This material does not take into account your particular investment objectives, financial situations or needs and is not intended as a recommendation, offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any security, financial instrument, or strategy. Before acting on any information in this material, you should consider whether it is suitable for your particular circumstances and, if necessary, seek professional advice. Any opinions expressed herein are given in good faith, are subject to change without notice, and are only correct as of the stated date of their issue.Content contained herein may have been produced by an outside party that is not affiliated with Bank of America or any of its affiliates (Bank of America). Opinions or ideas expressed are not necessarily those of Bank of America nor do they reflect their views or endorsement. These materials are for informational purposes only. Bank of America does not assume liability for any loss or damage resulting from anyone's reliance on the information provided. Certain links may direct you away from Bank of America to an unaffiliated site.  Bank of America has not been involved in the preparation of the content supplied at the unaffiliated sites and does not guarantee or assume any responsibility for its content. When you visit these sites, you are agreeing to all of their terms of use, including their privacy and security policies.Merrill Lynch Wealth Management makes available products and services offered by Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S), a registered broker-dealer and Member Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC), and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation (BofA Corp.). Insurance and annuity products are offered through Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc., a licensed insurance agency and wholly owned subsidiary of BofA Corp. Trust and fiduciary services are provided by U.S. Trust, a division of Bank of America, N.A., and other subsidiaries of BofA Corp. Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of BofA Corp.  Investment, insurance and annuity products: Are Not FDIC Insured | Are Not Bank Guaranteed | May Lose Value | Are Not Deposits | Are Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency | Are Not a Condition to Any Banking Service or Activity MLPF&S and Bank of America, N.A. make available investment products sponsored, managed, distributed or provided by companies that are affiliates of BofA Corp or in which BofA Corp has a substantial economic interest. Company goals are inspirational and not guarantees or promises that all goals will be met. Statistics and metrics included in our ESG documents are estimates and may be based on assumptions or developing standards.General disclaimer for Bank of America Merrill Lynch.


 








































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	 Bank of the West - Personal & Business Bank | Investing, Loans, Credit









































Bank of the West BNP Paribas Group










A new checking account. A new way to waive fees.
Make any deposit a month and we’ll waivethe monthly service charge.
Apply Now















Open an Account
It's fast, secure and easy.

Choose an account
Any Deposit Checking
Premier Checking
Classic Savings
Money Market Savings






BancWest Investment Services1
Investing doesn't have to be so complicated

Get Started
Learn More
Open an Investment Account
Find an Advisor






Locations
Find a branch or ATM. 

Find




 





Bank of the West Premier
Explore a more rewarding relationship with a higher level of benefits.
Learn more




Security
Get the latest info to help you keep your business safe online.
Learn more




Quick Links

Select One
International Clients
Find a Routing Number
Reorder Checks
Refinance My Home
Use My Home Equity
Visit Customer Service
Earn Credit Card Rewards
Financial Education




 





Mortgage Help
Are financial hardships making your mortgage payments difficult to afford?
We're here to help




A Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion
We promote diversity and inclusion as a vital part of the success and future of Bank of the West.
Learn More Find us on Facebook














Deposit and loan products offered by Bank of the West, Member FDIC.
Wireless carriers may charge fees for text transmissions or data usage. Message frequency depends on account settings. Text HELP to BKWST for help. Availability of Mobile Banking may be affected by your mobile device's coverage area.

1 This offer is valid for new or existing BancWest Investment Services, Inc. ("BWIS") customers, and is limited to one "Eligible Account" (as defined below) per customer.  The maximum cash bonus allowable for an Eligible Account is $2,500 within a six-month period.  "Qualifying Assets," for purposes of this offer, shall mean assets (i.e., cash, securities, fixed and variable annuities, and real estate investments trusts) deposited or transferred into the Eligible Account from outside BWIS or any BWIS affiliate within 60 days of enrollment, minus assets withdrawn or transferred out of Eligible Accounts within such 60-day period.  Life insurance holdings and other assets not listed above are not "Qualifying Assets" and are not eligible for this offer. Qualifying Assets will be valued at the time BWIS receives such assets.  An "Eligible Account" is a BWIS account that holds Qualifying Assets, and that has been enrolled to receive this offer prior to depositing or transferring any Qualifying Assets.  Eligible Accounts do not include any account the inclusion of which is prohibited by law or may result in a breach of any fiduciary duty, law or regulation, including, but not limited to, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ("ERISA").  Customers with Qualifying Assets of $50,000-$74,999.99 may receive a bonus in the amount of $200; customers with Qualifying Assets of $75,000-$249,999.99 may receive $300; customers with Qualifying Assets of $250,000-$499,999.99 may receive $700; customers with Qualifying Assets of $500,000-$999,999.99 may receive $1,250; customers with Qualifying Assets of $1,000,000 or more, may receive $2,500. If all requirements for this offer are met, Qualifying Assets will be calculated as of the 60th day after enrollment and the cash bonus will be credited to the Eligible Account within six weeks. The minimum Qualifying Assets for the applicable bonus amount must be maintained in the Eligible Account for one year from the date on which BWIS receives such assets or BWIS may charge the account the amount of the bonus. Any applicable taxes associated with the cash bonus are the responsibility of the BWIS account holder. To the extent required by law, BWIS will report the total value of this bonus to the IRS on Form 1099-INT for the applicable tax year in which the bonus was paid. Customers should consult a tax professional to determine the appropriate tax treatment for this bonus offer.  Employees or associated persons of FINRA, any FINRA member firm (other than BWIS), or a U.S. exchange are not eligible for this offer. Employees, associated persons, and customers of First Hawaiian Bank and First Hawaiian Investment Services are not eligible for this offer.  Offer is non-transferrable and only valid in the United States. BWIS reserves the right to modify or cancel this offer at any time.  Void where prohibited.
Securities and variable annuities are offered through BancWest Investment Services, a registered broker/dealer, Member FINRA/SIPC, and an SEC-registered investment adviser. Financial Advisors are Registered Representatives of BancWest Investment Services. Fixed annuities/insurance products are offered through BancWest Insurance Agency in California, (License #0C52321), through BancWest Insurance Agency in Utah and through BancWest Investment Services, Inc. in AZ, CO, IA, ID, KS, MN, MO, ND, NE, NM, NV, OK, OR, SD, WA, WI, WY, HI, GUAM and CNMI. Bank of the West and its various affiliates and subsidiaries are not tax or legal advisors.
BancWest Investment Services is a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of the West and a part of the Wealth Management Group. BancWest Corporation is the holding company for Bank of the West. BancWest Corporation is a wholly owned subsidiary of BNP Paribas.

1 Securities and variable annuities are offered through BancWest Investment Services, a registered broker/dealer, Member FINRA/SIPC, and SEC Registered Investment Adviser. Financial Advisors are Registered Representatives of BancWest Investment Services. Fixed annuities/insurance products are offered through BancWest Insurance Agency in California, (License #0C52321) and through BancWest Investment Services, Inc. in AZ, CO, IA, ID, KS, MN, MO, ND, NE, NM, NV, OK, OR, SD, UT, WA, WI, WY, HI, Guam and CNMI. Bank of the West and its various affiliates and subsidiaries are not tax or legal advisors. 
BancWest Investment Services is a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of the West. Bank of the West is a wholly owned subsidiary of BNP Paribas.

Investment and Insurance Products:

Not FDIC insured 
Not bank guaranteed 
May lose value 
Not a deposit 
Not insured by any federal government agency 













                        Online Account Access
                    






Forgot?



Save Username





Forgot?





New? Sign up








Sign in to other services








You are leaving the Bank of the West website.


Please be aware: The website you are about to enter is not operated by Bank of the West. Bank of the West does not endorse the content of this website and makes no warranty as to the accuracy of content or functionality of this website. The privacy and security policies of the site may differ from those practiced by Bank of the West.
To proceed to this website, click OK, or hit Cancel to remain on the Bank of the West website.






























	ATM and Branch Locations
































Bank of the West BNP Paribas Group






VISIT US












5 miles
10 miles
20 miles
50 miles




Enter a valid  ZIP or state to complete your search

Refine Your Search
Branch/ATM

Mortgage Loan Officer





















Search by State


            Refine your search. Enter a valid (5-digit) ZIP code above, and try your search again.
        
        Suggestions:
             
Make sure the ZIP or city and state you entered is valid
Select a wider mile radius
Try another ZIP or city and state





You can also select a state below to find an ATM or banking location near you.




Displaying  of  locations 




Schedule a visit at a branch near you.
1-844-222-2689


                            Mon-Fri, 4a.m.-10p.m. PT
                        

                            Sat, Sun, & most holidays 5a.m.-10p.m. PT
                        

                            TTY 1-800-659-5495
                        












Branch/ATM
                            


ATM only
                            




































You are leaving the Bank of the West website.


Please be aware: The website you are about to enter is not operated by Bank of the West. Bank of the West does not endorse the content of this website and makes no warranty as to the accuracy of content or functionality of this website. The privacy and security policies of the site may differ from those practiced by Bank of the West.
To proceed to this website, click OK, or hit Cancel to remain on the Bank of the West website.

















































It's your lucky day, get up to $150 with Any Deposit Checking1.
APPLY NOW
Promotion code automatically applied.

Open a new Any Deposit Checking account by 8/18/17
Get $100 for setting up qualifying direct deposit2
Get $50 for making 10 monthly debit card purchases for two months3








No minimum balance. No suprises.

Waive the monthly service charge 
            with any deposit 
            each statement4.
No fee for overdrawn balances of $5 or less5.
Pick one Overdraft or Returned Item Fee to erase per year6



One great account. A bunch of great features.


 
            No monthly service charge if any account owner is under 25

 
            Cutting-edge online & mobile banking7

 
            Hundreds of branches
FIND YOURS



 
            Deposit checks using your smartphone7

 
            Award-winning customer service

 
            Pay bills and send money instantly7,8



Don't let luck pass you by. Get up to $1501.
Open online in about 10 minutes.
APPLY NOW
Promotion code automatically applied.



*By entering your email address, we will only use it to send the coupon and reminder and it will not be used for other promotions or shared with third parties.
1Requirements to Receive Up to $150 Bonus:
        Open a new personal Any Deposit Checking account at a branch or account application submitted on bankofthewest.com between 07/08/17 to 08/18/17 with any opening deposit amount ($0.01 or more) with funds new to Bank of the West (Bank) received and posted to the account no later than 08/25/17.  This offer also available for any other consumer checking account (minimum to open $100).  UCB Student Checking, Choice Interest Checking and Premier Checking excluded.
Bonus Limitations

Offer is not available to existing Bank of the West customers with an open checking account as of 07/07/17.
If the customer or other individuals residing at the same address received or may receive any other consumer checking bonus from the Bank between 11/01/2015 - 11/29/2017, then no one at that address is eligible.
Limit of one consumer checking bonus per individual and per mailing address.
Employees of Bank of the West and its affiliates are not eligible for this offer.
Account must be in open status and have a positive balance as of 10/31/17 to be eligible to receive any bonus.
Bonus will be credited to the open checking account by 11/30/17.

Offer does not apply to second or multiple checking accounts. Bank will classify the bonus as interest paid to the checking account. Any applicable taxes associated with this offer are the responsibility of the account holder. To the extent required by law, Bank will report total value of the offer to the IRS on Form 1099 for tax year 2017. All accounts are subject to the Bank’s standard terms and conditions and Schedule of Fees and Charges.
2To receive the $100 bonus, customer must have a direct deposit of at least $250 (two or more direct deposits that add up to $250 do not qualify) posted to the account by 10/31/17. Direct deposit must be payroll, Social Security, pension or other government benefits.
3To receive the $50 bonus, customer must request, receive and use a new Bank of the West Debit Card linked to the new checking account for 10 or more debit card purchases all of which must post to the account by the last business day of the month for each of the first two full calendar months immediately following the month in which the opening deposit posts to the account, for a total of 20 or more transactions. Each purchase must be $3 or more. ATM transactions are excluded. All required purchases must be posted by 10/31/17.
4$10.00 monthly service charge waived with one deposit of any amount each statement cycle.  Deposits include direct deposit, mobile deposit, ATM deposit, or in-branch deposit of any amount. Does not include fund transfers between Bank of the West accounts or any credits from Bank of the West.  
5$5 Overdraft Buffer:  You will be charged an Overdraft Fee for an overdraft item paid if your account’s daily ending Available Balance is overdrawn more than $5. 
6Overdraft Fee Eraser:  Upon request, we will refund one Overdraft Fee, Returned Item Fee, or Extended Overdraft Fee up to $36. One refund per rolling 12-month period.
7Enrollment in Online Banking and download of our Mobile App required. Wireless carriers may charge fees for text transmissions or data usage. Additional terms and conditions apply.
8Enrollment in Online Banking required. Fees apply to expedited delivery options. A valid delivery address is required for Overnight Payments. Not all customers will qualify. Additional terms and conditions apply.


        Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender.
©2017 Bank of the West.







