


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Open a Premier High Yield Savings Account | CIT Bank















































CIT Bank Logo
CIT Bank




Member FDIC

Member FDIC Logo
CIT Bank is a member of FDIC








Sign in to Online Banking
Please enter your Online Banking ID



Remember Me


Enroll in Online Banking


Sign in to Another Account
Home Loan Sign in





Set Your Sights HighOpen a Premier High Yield Savings Account!
1.30APY1on balances up to $100,000


+


100cash bonus 2



That's more than 20x the national average!3
Get StartedPromotion code: PREMIER must be entered at account opening





$100 Minimum Opening Deposit
No Fees to Open or Maintain
Daily Compounding Interest
24/7 Secure Online Banking
US-based Customer Service
FDIC Insured





Account Balance Tiers
TOTAL Balance APY*


$0 - $100,000
1.30%


$100,000.01 and more
1.25%



*Interest will be paid on the entire account balance based on the interest rate and APY in effect that day for the balance tier associated with the end-of-day account balance.
Important: See our FAQs below for tips on how to ensure your account Earns our top Premier High Yield Savings APY.


Bonus Details

Account must be opened with Promotional Code "PREMIER" by September 8, 2017
Account must be funded within 30 days of account opening
Funds used to qualify for bonus must be new funds, not already or recently on deposit with CIT Bank or OneWest Bank
Must maintain a minimum $15,000 monthly balance for the first 3 full monthly statement cycles.
Limit one Premier High Yield Savings account bonus offer per customer. If multiple accounts are opened by a customer, only one account will be eligible for the bonus.
Customers who received a CIT Bank bonus payment or enrolled in another CIT Bank bonus offer between January 1, 2017 and July 14, 2017 (regardless of whether the bonus has yet been paid) are not eligible for this Premier High Yield Savings account bonus offer.

See below for full details.





Your Money Grows Faster with CIT Bank4




How do I open my Premier High Yield Savings Account?
It's easy and fast. Get started by going to our Open a CIT Bank Account page. Then follow the easy steps to complete your application. Have the following information handy:

Social Security number
Driver's license or other valid state identification
A check or your bank routing and account numbers from the account you'll be using to fund your new CIT Bank Premier High Yield Savings Account
Names and personal details (Social Security number, valid ID) of any joint account holders and/or designated beneficiaries


Premier High Yield Savings Account FAQs
I noticed that the APY will be lower if my balance exceeds $100,000.  How can I ensure I get and maintain the top APY offered on my Premier High Yield Savings Account?
The Premier High Yield Savings account features exceptional interest rates, and our top APY is reserved for savers with balances no greater than $100,000.  Once the balance rises above $100,000, the APY will decline.   To get and maintain the top APY offered (currently 1.30%), keep your balance (and this includes deposits AND interest) below $100,000.  If your balance exceeds $100,000 your APY will decline to 1.25%, based on current rates.  The Premier High Yield Savings Account is a variable rate account and the interest rates may change without notice.
What can I do to set an alert on my account to notify me of my balance level?
After you open an account, you'll receive an email with simple instructions on how to create an alert  that will notify you when your balance reaches a set level.  It's fast and easy to set up.




1 APY  -  Annual Percentage Yields (APYs) are accurate as of July 7, 2017: 1.30% APY on balances of $100,000 or less; 1.25% APY on balances greater than $100,000. Interest is paid on the entire account balance based on the interest rate and APY in effect that day for the balance tier associated with the end-of-day account balance. For example: A balance of $95,000 will earn 1.30% APY, and a balance of $105,000 will earn 1.25% APY. Minimum opening deposit is $100. Interest rates for the Premier High Yield Savings account are variable and may change at any time without prior notice.
2 Limited-time bonus offer.  The bonus offer of $100 is valid on Premier High Yield Savings accounts opened using promotional code PREMIER between July 7, 2017 and September 8, 2017, provided that all of the following requirements are met, and subject to the additional limitations shown below:

The account must be funded within 30 calendar days from the account opening date.
A Monthly Balance of at least $15,000 must be maintained for the first three full statement cycles.  A full statement cycle is defined as beginning the first day of a month and ending the last day of that same month.  For example, if an account were opened on July 10, 2017, the first full statement cycle would be for the period of August 1 through August 31, 2017; the July statement cycle would be excluded because it covers only part of the month. For bonus purposes, the Monthly Balance for each full statement cycle is calculated as follows: at the end of each day, the Premier High Yield Savings account balance is recorded.  When the statement cycle ends, these end-of-day balances are added together and then divided by the number of days in the statement cycle to determine the Monthly Balance.  
All funds used to qualify for bonus eligibility must be new funds.  Funds on deposit with CIT Bank, N.A. or its OneWest Bank division at any time during the 90 days preceding account opening are ineligible and will not be included in the calculation of the Monthly Balance.
The account must remain open and in good standing at the time of the bonus payment or the bonus will be forfeited.  

Additional bonus limitations:Limit one Premier High Yield Savings account bonus offer per customer.  If multiple accounts are opened by a customer, only one account will be eligible for the bonus. 
Customers who received a CIT Bank bonus payment or enrolled in another CIT Bank bonus offer between January 1, 2017 and July 14, 2017 (regardless of whether the bonus has yet been paid) are not eligible for this Premier High Yield Savings account bonus offer.
A $100 bonus will be deposited to the Premier High Yield Savings account of the qualified customer within 45 days of the end of the third full statement cycle following account opening.  For example, a customer who qualified for the bonus on a Premier High Yield Savings account opened on July 10, 2017, would receive a statement credit of $100 no later than December 15, 2017.
The bonus payment is reported as interest earned on IRS Form 1099-INT for the calendar year in which it was paid.  Recipient is responsible for any applicable taxes.
3 National average annual percentage yield (APY) on savings accounts as published in the FDIC Weekly National Rates and Rate Caps, accurate as of as of July 7, 2017.
4 Comparison Bank APYs - Annual Percentage Yield for each bank's Savings Account is accurate as of July 7, 2017. Info taken directly from bank websites. CIT Bank, Bank of America, Wells Fargo, Chase
5 For more information, visit https://bankoncit.com/awards/







External link disclaimer

      CIT Bank has no control over information at any site hyperlinked to or from this Site. CIT Bank makes no representation concerning and is not responsible for the quality, content, nature, or reliability of any hyperlinked site and is providing this hyperlink to you only as a convenience. The inclusion of any hyperlink does not imply any endorsement, investigation, verification, or monitoring by CIT Bank of any information in any hyperlinked site. In no event shall CIT Bank be responsible for your use of a hyperlinked site.
    

Go back
Continue


×



Email disclaimer

      Notice: Because there is a risk that information transmitted via Internet email could fall into the wrong hands, CIT Bank suggests that confidential information, such as account numbers or social security numbers, not be transmitted via email. Instead, please contact CIT Bank directly at 855-462-2652. Thank you.
    

Go back
Send Email


×






 855-462-2652



STEP 1 - After you click "Continue", the next page will open and prompt you to enter your User ID. Your User ID is the same as your previous Online Banking ID, but entered in all lowercase letters.


          Previous Online Banking ID: 
New User ID: 

STEP 2 - Follow the instructions on the screen to get your one-time security code. (If your mobile or home telephone number is not listed as an option, you will need to contact us at 855-462-2652 to add it to your online banking profile in order for you to continue.)STEP 3 - In order to sign in the first time, you will be required to enter your temporary password, which is Monday@ followed by the last 3 digits of your Social Security number.


For example:
          - If your Social Security number is 123-45-6789
          - Then your temporary password will be Monday@789

STEP 4 - Finally, you must reset your password to finish. Follow the instructions after signing in.

Download instructions
                 
          


×



RampUp™ Plus CD Video














PausePlayMuteUnmute


×



CD Laddering Video














PausePlayMuteUnmute


×



Disclosures
5/1 Adjustable-Rate MortgageThe 5/1 Adjustable-Rate Mortgage is a 30-year mortgage, with fully amortizing principal and interest payments and an initial 5-year fixed rate period. After the 5-year fixed period, the payments, interest rate and annual percentage rate may increase or decrease.EXAMPLE: a $2,000,000 loan with a loan-to-value ratio of 75% and an applicant FICO score of 720 or above, for a purchase transaction of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California. At the advertised rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the total closing costs of , the monthly payment would be  for the first 60 months. Beginning at month 61, assuming a new interest rate of %, the new payment would be  until the next annual change date. The rate and payment may change annually based on changes to the index value.Important DisclosuresThe above example for payments beginning at month 61 was calculated using the 1 Year LIBOR index rate of %, a margin of %, and assumes that the 1 Year LIBOR index remains unchanged for the life of the loan. Rates, points and LIBOR index are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Advertised initial rate for months 1-60 includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for property taxes and insurance premiums and as a result your actual obligation will be greater. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown and are subject to review of credit and collateral. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.With interest-only loans, your required payment will increase over time. Your loan balance will not decrease unless you pay more than the required interest-only payment during the initial stages of repayment.For the following examples, the interest rate and annual percentage rate were calculated using a sample loan of $417,000 based on the loan term indicated and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the purchase of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 740 or above.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Rates include the CIT Bank Relationship Discount is 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The rates displayed require the establishment of an escrow account upon closing. Rates and terms subject to change without notice. Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.30-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.For the following examples, the interest rates and annual percentage rates were calculated using a sample loan of $2,000,000 and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the purchase of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 720 or above.Advertised rates includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown and are subject to review of credit and collateral. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.Fully Amortizing and Interest-Only Adjustable-Rate MortgagesCIT Bank offers adjustable-rate mortgages with 30 year loan terms and initial fixed-rate periods of 5, 7 or 10 years. Any of these loan types can be fully amortizing with monthly payments of principal and interest which will fully repay the loan by its maturity date, or they can have monthly payments of interest-only which will not repay any principal during the interest-only period of 120 months (10 years), after which the loan has fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the remaining 20 years of the term. For all of these products, after the initial fixed-rate period the interest rate and monthly payments are subject to change annually based on changes to the Index.The examples shown below were calculated using the 1 Year LIBOR index (the average of the Interbank offered rates for one-year, U.S. dollar-denominated deposits in the London market as published in the Wall Street Journal) rate of %, a margin of %, and assumes that the 1 Year LIBOR index remains unchanged for the life of the loan. Rates, points and LIBOR index are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Type of MortgageFixed PeriodAdjustable Period1 APRPointsClosing CostsInitial RateInitial (Principal and Interest) PaymentFully Indexed Rate rounded to the nearest 1/8%Monthly (Principal and Interest) Payment5/1 LIBOR ARM Fully Amortizing%%% for 60 months for 60 months% for months 61 - 360 for months 61 - 3605/1 LIBOR ARM Interest-Only%%% for 60 months for 60 months% for months 61 - 360 for months 61 - 360 for months 121 - 3607/1 LIBOR ARM Fully Amortizing%%% for 84 months for 84 months% for months 85 - 360 for months 85 - 3607/1 LIBOR ARM Interest-Only%%% for 84 months for 84 months% for months 85 - 360 for months 85 - 120 for months 121 - 36010/1 LIBOR ARM Fully Amortizing%%% for 120 months for 120 months% for months 121 - 360 for months 121 - 36010/1 LIBOR ARM Interest-Only%%% for 120 months for 120 months% for months 121 - 360 for months 121 - 3601The disclosed rate and payment apply at the end of the fixed-rate period and are subject to change annually thereafter.For the following examples, the interest rate and annual percentage rate were calculated using a sample loan of $417,000 based on the loan term indicated and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the purchase of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 740 or above.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Rates include the CIT Bank Relationship Discount is 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The rates displayed require the establishment of an escrow account upon closing. Rates and terms subject to change without notice. Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.Conforming Fixed-Rate Mortgages30-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.25-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 25-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.20-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 20-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.15-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 15-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.10-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 10-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Jumbo Fixed-Rate MortgagesAdvertised rates includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.15 Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 15-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % with % points and closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), a loan of $2,000,000 would have an APR of % and a monthly payment of . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.30 Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % with % points and closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), a loan of $2,000,000 would have an APR of % and a monthly payment of . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.5/1 Adjustable-Rate MortgageThe 5/1 Adjustable-Rate Mortgage is a 30-year mortgage, with fully amortizing principal and interest payments and an initial 5-year fixed rate period. After the 5-year fixed period, the interest rate and payments will fluctuate for the remainder of the loan term. During this time, payments, interest rate and annual percentage rate may increase or decrease. Payments are fully amortized.EXAMPLE: a $2,000,000 loan for a refinance transaction of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California with a minimum FICO score of 720, at the advertised rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the total closing costs of , would have a monthly payment of  for the first 60 months. Beginning at month 61, the rate would change. Assuming a new interest rate of %, the new payment would be  and is subject to change annually based on changes to the index value.DisclosuresThe above example was calculated using the 1 Year LIBOR index rate of %, a margin of %, and assumes that the 1 Year LIBOR index remains unchanged for the life of the loan. Rates, points and LIBOR index are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Advertised initial rate for months 1-60 includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for property taxes and insurance premiums and as a result your actual obligation will be greater. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown and are subject to review of credit and collateral. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.With interest-only loans, your required payment will increase over time. Your loan balance will not decrease unless you pay more than the required interest-only payment during the initial stages of repayment.For the following examples, the interest rate and annual percentage rate were calculated using a sample loan of $417,000 based on the loan term indicated and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the refinance of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 740 or above.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Rates include the CIT Bank Relationship Discount is 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The rates displayed require the establishment of an escrow account upon closing. Rates and terms subject to change without notice. Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.30-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.The examples shown below were calculated using the 1 Year LIBOR index (the average of the Interbank offered rates for one-year, U.S. dollar-denominated deposits in the London market as published in the Wall Street Journal) rate of %, a margin of %, and assumes that the 1 Year LIBOR index remains unchanged for the life of the loan. Rates, points and LIBOR index are as of  and are subject to change without notice.The interest rates and annual percentage rates were calculated using a sample loan of $2,000,000 and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the refinance of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 720 or above.Advertised rates includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown and are subject to review of credit and collateral. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.Fully Amortizing and Interest-Only Adjustable-Rate MortgagesCIT Bank offers adjustable-rate mortgages with 30 year loan terms and initial fixed-rate periods of 5, 7 or 10 years. Any of these loan types can be fully amortizing with monthly payments of principal and interest which will fully repay the loan by its maturity date, or they can have monthly payments of interest-only which will not repay any principal during the interest-only period of 120 months (10 years), after which the loan has fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the remaining 20 years of the term. For all of these products, after the initial fixed-rate period the interest rate and monthly payments are subject to change annually based on changes to the Index.The examples shown below were calculated using the 1 Year LIBOR index (the average of the Interbank offered rates for one-year, U.S. dollar-denominated deposits in the London market as published in the Wall Street Journal) rate of %, a margin of %, and assumes that the 1 Year LIBOR index remains unchanged for the life of the loan. Rates, points and LIBOR index are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Type of MortgageFixed PeriodAdjustable Period1 APRPointsClosing CostsInitial RateInitial (Principal and Interest) PaymentFully Indexed Rate rounded to the nearest 1/8%Monthly (Principal and Interest) Payment5/1 LIBOR ARMFully Amortizing%%% for 60 months for 60 months% for months 61 - 360 for months 61 - 3605/1 LIBOR ARMInterest-Only%%% for 60 months for 60 months% for months 61 - 360 for months 61 - 360 for months 121 - 3607/1 LIBOR ARMFully Amortizing%%% for 84 months for 84 months% for months 85 - 360 for months 85 - 3607/1 LIBOR ARMInterest-Only%%% for 84 months for 84 months% for months 85 - 120 for months 85 - 120 for months 121 - 36010/1 LIBOR ARMFully Amortizing%%% for 120 months for 120 months% for months 121 - 360 for months 121 - 36010/1 LIBOR ARMInterest-Only%%% for 120 months for 120 months% for months 121 - 360 for months 121 - 3601The disclosed rate and payment apply at the end of the fixed-rate period and are subject to change annually thereafter.For the following examples, the interest rate and annual percentage rate were calculated using a sample loan of $417,000 based on the loan term indicated and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the refinance of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 740 or above.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Rates include the CIT Bank Relationship Discount is 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The rates displayed require the establishment of an escrow account upon closing. Rates and terms subject to change without notice. Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.Conforming Fixed-Rate Mortgages30-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.25-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 25-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.20-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 20-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.15-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 15-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.10-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 10-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Jumbo Fixed-Rate MortgagesAdvertised rates includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.15 Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 15-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % with % points and closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), a loan of $2,000,000 would have an APR of % and a monthly payment of . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.30 Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % with % points and closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), a loan of $2,000,000 would have an APR of % and a monthly payment of . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.

×





Selected products ()

Compare selections
View all products
Open an account







Remove all
|
Hide comparison






Product
APY**
Minimum balances
Available as IRA
Available as Custodial




Close chart








APY**






Minimum balances






Available as IRA






Available as Custodial










                Securely sending your request.









































 


                Maximum reached
                ×


                No more than 10 items can be selected at a time.
            



                Confirm account type for each product.
                ×










Cancel
Submit



 



Bank of America

























More products. More convenience. More ways to bank.

When you have multiple products and services, you’ll enjoy rewards and benefits unique to Bank of America customers.





Get a $100 cash rewards bonus offer

Start earning cash back on all your purchases with the BankAmericard Cash Rewards™ credit card. Plus learn how you can earn a $100 cash rewards bonus.
Learn more





Download the Mobile Banking app

Help stay in control of your accounts from almost anywhere.






Please select device.
Select your device


Select your device
iPhone
iPad
Android




Enter cell number:


Please enter your mobile phone number.


Cell phone area code - three digits number required

Cell phone prefix - three digits number required

Cell phone line number - four digits number required

Get App button



By providing your mobile number you are consenting to receive a text message. Text message fees may apply from your carrier. Text messages may be transmitted automatically.
By clicking "Get the app", you’re going to be taken to your app store.  Just a reminder — your app store site has its own privacy and security policies.





Thank You


            A message was sent to your
### at
            ###




Thank You


            The iTunes App Store is open in a new browser tab.
            Please download the App in the iTunes App Store.
        





Baby steps or big steps, we’re with you every step of the way

Schedule time to talk with a banking specialist, with same day appointments available in many locations.
Learn more







Find the right products that fit your needs and lifestyle








Get the Mobile Banking app to bank on the go
Check balances, deposit checksFootnote 1, send moneyFootnote 2 and more
You can also enroll in Online Banking Link opens in a new window to bank on your time.


Get App
By clicking "Get App", you're going to be taken to your app store. Just a reminder — your app store site has its own privacy and security polices.



Looking for online banking?
Log in






Checking
Convenient, secure access and rewarding features, such as cash back deals.Convenient, secure access and rewarding features, such as cash back deals.
More details

Get started



Credit Card
Credit Cards With No Annual Fee. Find the one that's right for you.
More details

Get started



Home Loans
Knowledgeable lending specialists, from application through closing.
More details

Get started



Small Business
A wide range of solutions for your business.
More details

Get started



Investments
Streamline your investing with Merrill Edge®.
More details

Get started





Checking
Convenient, secure access and rewarding features, such as cash back deals.
Convenient, secure access and rewarding features, such as cash back deals.
Checking Get started



Online only offer: Get $100 for a new, eligible checking account with qualifying direct deposits. Learn MoreGet a debit card with chip technologyFootnote 1Footnote 1 and $0 Liability Guarantee on fraudulent transactionsFootnote 2Footnote 2Set up customizable email and text alertsFootnote 3Footnote 3 to notify you of potential suspicious activityHave 24/7 access with Online and Mobile BankingFootnote 4Footnote 4If you misplace your debit card, temporarily lock it to help prevent unauthorized transactions.Footnote 5Footnote 5Get up to 15% on cash back deals at shops and restaurantsFootnote 6Footnote 6Access conveniently located ATMs and financial centers
Plus, multiple savings account options, including Rewards Money Market Savings accounts



Online only offer: Get $100 for a new, eligible checking account with qualifying direct deposits. Learn MoreGet a debit card with chip technologyFootnote 1Footnote 1 and $0 Liability Guarantee on fraudulent transactionsFootnote 2Footnote 2Set up customizable email and text alertsFootnote 3Footnote 3 to notify you of potential suspicious activityHave 24/7 access with Online and Mobile BankingFootnote 4Footnote 4If you misplace your debit card, temporarily lock it to help prevent unauthorized transactions.Footnote 5Footnote 5Get up to 15% on cash back deals at shops and restaurantsFootnote 6Footnote 6Access conveniently located ATMs and financial centers
Plus, multiple savings account options, including Rewards Money Market Savings Account






Credit Card
Credit Cards With No Annual Fee. Find the one that's right for you.


Get a
$100
online bonus offer


Credit Card Get started


BankAmericard Cash Rewards™ credit card
$150 online bonus offer1% cash back everywhere, every time, 2% cash back at grocery stores and wholesale clubs and 3% cash back on gas for the first $2,500 in combined grocery/wholesale club/gas purchases each quarterNo changing categoriesNo expiration on rewards10% customer bonus offer







Home Loans
Knowledgeable lending specialists, from application through closing.
Home Loans Get started



Stay confident from application to closing with help from our experienced lending specialistsApply for a competitive interest rate on a purchase or refinance loanTrack your application, upload and sign documents and more with our online Home Loan Navigator™. (Not available on certain loan typesHome Loans Footnote 1)Get interest rate discounts on a home equity line of credit







Small Business
A wide range of solutions for your business.


Get a
$200
checking offerFootnote *


Small Business Get started



$200 bonus offerFootnote * for new eligible business checking customers with $1000 in qualifying deposits within 60 days of opening the accountCredit cards - Compare and find the one that's right for your businessEasy retirement solutions for any business from self-employed to large companiesAccept credit and debit cards, gift cards and more with Bank of America Merchant Services







Investments
Streamline your investing with Merrill Edge®.
Investments Get started



See your Merrill Edge® investment and Bank of America® bank accounts with one log-inValidate your investment ideas with easy to use tools, and actionable insights$6.95 per online equity and ETF trade with no balance minimums, no trade minimums. Other fees may apply.Footnote 8Footnote 10 See detailsMerrill Edge Guided Investing—an online investment advisory program that combines the best of online investing with a professionally managed portfolio — all at a low cost




See your Merrill Edge® investment and Bank of America® bank accounts with one log-inValidate your investment ideas with easy to use tools, and actionable insights$6.95 per online equity and ETF trade with no balance minimums, no trade minimums. Other fees may apply.Footnote 8Footnote 10 See detailsMerrill Edge Guided Investing—an online investment advisory program that combines the best of online investing with a professionally managed portfolio — all at a low cost.










Meet Mobile Banking
Get some of your favorite Online Banking features and more—right on your smartphone.
Get app




Boost yourretirement investing
Get up to$600when you invest in a Merrill Edge® account
Learn more



Get $100 for a new, eligible checking account with qualifying direct deposits.
Learn more









Close Popup window


Advertising Practices
We strive to provide you with information about products and services you might find interesting and useful. Relationship-based ads and online behavioral advertising help us do that.
Here's how it works: We gather information about your online activities, such as the searches you conduct on our Sites and the pages you visit. This information may be used to deliver advertising on our Sites and offline (for example, by phone, email and direct mail) that's customized to meet specific interests you may have.
If you prefer that we do not use this information, you may opt out of online behavioral advertising. If you opt out, though, you may still receive generic advertising. In addition, financial advisors/Client Managers may continue to use information collected online to provide product and service information in accordance with account agreements.
Also, if you opt out of online behavioral advertising, you may still see ads when you sign in to your account, for example through Online Banking or MyMerrill. These ads are based on your specific account relationships with us.
To learn more about relationship-based ads, online behavioral advertising and our privacy practices, please review the Bank of America Online Privacy Notice and our Online Privacy FAQs.







You are now leaving a Bank of America page

                By clicking “Continue” you will be taken to a website not affiliated with Bank of America and may offer a different privacy policy and level of security. Bank of America is not responsible for and does not endorse, guarantee or monitor content, availability, viewpoints, products, or services that are offered or expressed on other websites.
            

Continue
Return to Bank of America











Bank of America - $100 Online Only Checking Offer














Deposits


Checking Accounts






$100
Online only offer
See below for details.




Online only: $100 offer for new checking customers
Get $100 when you open a new, eligible checking account with 2 qualifying direct deposits of $250 or more within 90 days*
See below for details







Bank of AmericaCore Checking®


Open Core Checking now

 



Bank of AmericaInterest Checking®


Open Interest Checking now






Core Checking: If you want the basics
Good for you if you use direct deposit and want a straightforward checking account.




Core Checking: Convenient 24/7 access
with Online and Mobile Banking,Footnote 1 debit chip card,Footnote 2 plus thousands of ATMs and financial centers.




Core Checking: Waive the $12 monthly maintenance fee
with direct deposit or daily balance requirements.






Interest Checking: If you want more
Good for you if you keep higher balances across multiple accounts and want to earn interest.




Interest Checking: Earn interest and more
complimentary benefits in addition to all the features of Bank of America Core Checking®.




Interest Checking: Waive the $25 monthly maintenance fee
with combined balance requirements across eligible linked accounts.






Compare features
Expand allCollapse all


$100 Online Only Offer details*

 
Both Checking
Open a Bank of America Core Checking® or Bank of America Interest Checking® account through this page by December 31, 2017.
and
Set up and receive at least two qualifying direct deposits of $250 or more each within the first 90 days of opening your new checking account.
This offer is only for new Bank of America customers who don't already have a personal checking account with us and who open a checking account through this offer page.





Monthly maintenance fee

 
Core Checking
No monthly maintenance fee for each statement cycle that you:
Have at least one Qualifying Direct Deposit of $250 or more
or
maintain a minimum daily balance of $1,500 or more.

Students under age 24 are eligible to have this fee waived while enrolled in high school, college, university, or a vocational program.Footnote 3
Preferred Rewards clients get this fee waived.
Otherwise a$12 monthly maintenance fee


Interest Checking
No monthly maintenance fee for each statement cycle that you:
Maintain a combined balance* of at least $10,000 or more.

*Combined balances include:
The average daily balance in eligible linked checking, savings, and money market savings accounts for the statement cycle
and
The current balances in linked personal CDs and IRAs at the end of the Interest Checking statement cycle
and
The current balances (2 business days before the end of the Interest Checking statement cycle) in your eligible Merrill Edge® and Merrill Lynch® investment accounts.

Preferred Rewards clients get this fee waived.
Otherwise a$25 monthly maintenance fee





Benefits and convenience

 
Core Checking
24/7 Access with Online and Mobile BankingFootnote 1
Customizable email and text alertsFootnote 4 to notify you of suspicious activity
Debit card with chip technologyFootnote 2 and $0 Liability GuaranteeFootnote 5
Ability to temporarily lock your misplaced debit card to help prevent unauthorized transactionsFootnote 6
Great cash back deals with BankAmeriDeals®Footnote 7
Conveniently located ATMs and financial centers


Interest Checking
All the features of Bank of America Core Checking®, PLUS:
Interest on the balances of this account
3 additional Interest Checking® accounts and 4 savings accountswith no monthly maintenance fee
No fee for Overdraft ProtectionFootnote 8transfers from an eligible linked deposit account
No fees for standard checks and incoming domestic wires





Low opening deposit

 
Core Checking
$25 or more
Open a Bank of America Core Checking® account with an initial deposit of as little as $25.


Interest Checking
$100 or more
Open a Bank of America Interest Checking® account with an initial deposit of $100.





Annual percentage yield

 
Core Checking
Does not apply


Interest Checking
Interest is compounded and credited to your account monthly





Need more information? Learn more about these checking accounts.










Close Popup window


Advertising Practices
We strive to provide you with information about products and services you might find interesting and useful. Relationship-based ads and online behavioral advertising help us do that.
Here's how it works: We gather information about your online activities, such as the searches you conduct on our Sites and the pages you visit. This information may be used to deliver advertising on our Sites and offline (for example, by phone, email and direct mail) that's customized to meet specific interests you may have.
If you prefer that we do not use this information, you may opt out of online behavioral advertising. If you opt out, though, you may still receive generic advertising. In addition, financial advisors/Client Managers may continue to use information collected online to provide product and service information in accordance with account agreements.
Also, if you opt out of online behavioral advertising, you may still see ads when you sign in to your account, for example through Online Banking or MyMerrill. These ads are based on your specific account relationships with us.
To learn more about relationship-based ads, online behavioral advertising and our privacy practices, please review the Bank of America Online Privacy Notice and our Online Privacy FAQs.





close popup window

Qualifying direct deposit
A qualifying direct deposit is a recurring direct deposit of a paycheck, pension, Social Security or other eligible regular monthly income, electronically deposited by an employer or an outside agency into your new checking account. Please note, this does not include a transfer done via ATM, online, or teller, or a transfer from a bank or brokerage account, Merrill Edge® or Merrill Lynch® account.









Bank of America credit cards to meet your needs



























Skip to Compare Content


Manage my account

Link opens a new window












a lower interest rate
more cash back
travel rewards






BankAmericard Cash Rewards™ credit card
More cash back for the things you buy most.


NEW OFFER



Apply now Link opens a new window



1% cash back everywhere, every time
2% cash back at grocery stores and wholesale clubs
3% cash back on gas

2% and 3% category rewards bonuses apply on up to $2,500 in combined quarterly spend in those categories.
†Terms and Conditions  Link opens in a new window

+


No annual fee†
No changing categories
Get a 10% customer bonus
every time you redeem cash back into your Bank of America® checking or savings account.



 †Terms and Conditions Link opens a new window




Get even more cash back with the Preferred Rewards programopens a pop up window.
                        






BankAmericard Travel Rewards® credit card
Use your points for more than just flights.





Apply now Link opens in a new window


Unlimited 1.5 points
for every $1 you spend on all
                                         purchases, everywhere, every time.
                                        

 No expiration on your points.

 †Terms and Conditions Link opens in a new window


+


No annual fee†
No foreign transaction fees†
Get an additional 10% customer points bonus

                                                on every purchase when you have an active Bank of America® checking or savings account.
                                            



 †Terms and Conditions Link opens in a new window





                            Get even more points with the Preferred Rewards programopens a pop up window.
                        






BankAmericard credit card
Save on interest to help you pay down your balance faster.



NEW OFFER

Save
on interest
Apply now Link opens a new window


Low intro APR and intro balance transfer fee offers†

+


No annual fee†

No Penalty APR†
Paying late won’t automatically raise your interest rate (APR). Other account pricing and terms apply.


One of the lowest available interest
rates offered by Bank of America



 †Terms and Conditions Link opens in a new window










Bank of America Preferred RewardsGet more rewards with your everyday banking™
Preferred Rewards gives you benefits and rewards across your eligible Bank of America® banking and Merrill Edge® investment accounts. When you are enrolled in the program, you will increase your BankAmericard Cash Rewards™ 10% customer bonus to a 25% - 75% rewards bonus every time you redeem your cash rewards directly into your Bank of America® checking or savings account.
To learn more about this program call
                        1.888.888.7937.
 





Bank of America Preferred RewardsGet more rewards with your everyday banking™
Preferred Rewards gives you benefits and rewards across your eligible Bank of America® banking and Merrill Edge® investment accounts. When you are enrolled in the program, you will increase your BankAmericard Travel Rewards® 10% customer points bonus to a 25% - 75% rewards bonus on every purchase.
To learn more about this program call
                        1.888.888.7937.
 











Compare and find the card that’s right for you
Bank of America has a wide variety of credit cards to meet your needs.
                            Review the chart below to find one that best suits you.



Credit card offers customized for you

Get a response in as little as 60 seconds
Viewing the offers will not impact
                                    your credit score
Safe, easy and secure



Check for offers












CARDS






BankAmericardCash Rewards™credit card
†Terms and Conditions Link opens a new window


Apply now Link opens a new window








BankAmericardTravel Rewards®credit card
†Terms and Conditions Link opens a new window


Apply now Link opens a new window








BankAmericard®credit card

†Terms and Conditions Link opens a new window


Apply now Link opens a new window





CUSTOMER RATINGS &AMP; REVIEWS

Overall rating
4.4/5 stars (27,105 reviews)





See all reviews





BankAmericard Cash Rewards™ credit card


                                        Average overall rating:
                                        



                                            4.4/5 stars based on 27,105 customer reviews
                                        
                                        Recommendation:
                                        
90% of surveyed customers would recommend this card to a friend
                                        


                                        Highest rated features of this card:
                                        

32%
No annual fee (8,594)


23%
3% on gas (6,260)


14%
10% redemption bonus (3,753)






                                                Featured 4-5 star review:
                                                jj
Overall rating:
                                                    



One of the best cards I have ever had. Good rewards program and love the cash back bonus for redeeming into my Bank of America accounts. 


                                                Featured 1-3 star review:
                                                Ron
Overall rating:
                                                    



It should include benefits like rental car insurance, road assistance, no foreign transaction fees. And also to give access to the list of benefits our online account. 



                                            Additional reviews:
                                            




See Important Information About Reviews [+]

Ratings and reviews are voluntarily submitted by bank customers who have completed a customer feedback survey and are screened against moderation standards prior to publication. Ratings and reviews presented should not be interpreted as the opinions of all customers and are shared for informational purposes only. Not all bank products are included and depending upon your circumstances, there may be products which are more appropriate for you. Bank of America makes no guarantees about the accuracy and/or completeness of such reviews and assumes no liability for any actions taken in reliance upon such customer reviews.
The numerical and visual star rating represents the average total number of accepted reviews per product based on a five star rating scale. The percentage of customers who would recommend the product to a friend represents the average number of “yes” responses to the survey question. Featured reviews are selected based on subjective criteria for marketing purposes. Bank of America reserves the right to remove published reviews at any time and at its discretion. Reviews were selected from all submitted reviews, as of 9/30/2016.


Close





Overall rating
4.4/5 stars (4,158 reviews)





See all reviews





BankAmericard Travel Rewards® credit card


                                        Average overall rating:
                                        



                                            4.4/5 stars based on 4,158 customer reviews
                                        
                                        Recommendation:
                                        
90% of surveyed customers would recommend this card to a friend
                                        


                                        Highest rated features of this card:
                                        

42%
No foreign transaction fees (1,760)


18%
Earning 1.5 points per $1 on every purchase (746)


10%
I can pay myself back with statement credit (400)






                                                Featured 4-5 star review:
                                                Taylor
Overall rating:
                                                    



This card is extremely user friendly and I had no issues with it using it both cross country and abroad, highly recommended!


                                                Featured 1-3 star review:
                                                Y
Overall rating:
                                                    



Ok travel card but should have more flexibility to add travel alerts and foreign purchases. Should offer email and text alerts about potential fraud.



                                            Additional reviews:
                                            




See Important Information About Reviews [+]

Ratings and reviews are voluntarily submitted by bank customers who have completed a customer feedback survey and are screened against moderation standards prior to publication. Ratings and reviews presented should not be interpreted as the opinions of all customers and are shared for informational purposes only. Not all bank products are included and depending upon your circumstances, there may be products which are more appropriate for you. Bank of America makes no guarantees about the accuracy and/or completeness of such reviews and assumes no liability for any actions taken in reliance upon such customer reviews.
The numerical and visual star rating represents the average total number of accepted reviews per product based on a five star rating scale. The percentage of customers who would recommend the product to a friend represents the average number of “yes” responses to the survey question. Featured reviews are selected based on subjective criteria for marketing purposes. Bank of America reserves the right to remove published reviews at any time and at its discretion. Reviews were selected from all submitted reviews, as of 9/30/2016.


Close





Overall rating
4.2/5 stars (9,240 reviews)





See all reviews





BankAmericard® credit card


                                        Average overall rating:
                                        



                                            4.2/5 stars based on 9,240 customer reviews
                                        
                                        Recommendation:
                                        
79% of surveyed customers would recommend this card to a friend
                                        


                                        Highest rated features of this card:
                                        

43%
No annual fee (3,956)


11%
Lower interest rate (1,040)


10%
Other (961)






                                                Featured 4-5 star review:
                                                Dave
Overall rating:
                                                    



To date my card has been beneficial in many of my financial transactions allowing me to save money from high interest alternatives.


                                                Featured 1-3 star review:
                                                Will
Overall rating:
                                                    



I think the card is pretty solid. I would like a lower interest rate, but overall no complaints



                                            Additional reviews:
                                            




See Important Information About Reviews [+]

Ratings and reviews are voluntarily submitted by bank customers who have completed a customer feedback survey and are screened against moderation standards prior to publication. Ratings and reviews presented should not be interpreted as the opinions of all customers and are shared for informational purposes only. Not all bank products are included and depending upon your circumstances, there may be products which are more appropriate for you. Bank of America makes no guarantees about the accuracy and/or completeness of such reviews and assumes no liability for any actions taken in reliance upon such customer reviews.
The numerical and visual star rating represents the average total number of accepted reviews per product based on a five star rating scale. The percentage of customers who would recommend the product to a friend represents the average number of “yes” responses to the survey question. Featured reviews are selected based on subjective criteria for marketing purposes. Bank of America reserves the right to remove published reviews at any time and at its discretion. Reviews were selected from all submitted reviews, as of 9/30/2016.


Close







CARD BENEFITS

Cash rewards

$150 cash rewards bonus after making at least $500 in purchases in the first 90 days
                            
1% on purchases everywhere, every time
                            2% at grocery stores and wholesale clubs
                            3% on gas
                            Up to $2,500 in grocery/wholesale club/gas quarterly spend

No changing categories
                            No expiration on rewards
                            10% customer bonus offer
                            


Travel rewards

20,000 bonus points after making at least $1,000 in purchases in the first 90 days
                            
Unlimited 1.5 points for every $1 you spend on all purchases everywhere, every time
                            
No expiration on your points
                            
No blackout dates
                            No booking restrictions
                            No foreign transaction fees†
10% customer points bonus offer
                        

Save on interest


Low intro APR and intro balance transfer fee offers†

One of our lowest available interest rates offered by Bank of America
                            
Save on interest to help pay down your balance faster
                            
No Penalty APR†
Paying late won’t automatically raise your interest rate (APR). Other account pricing and terms apply.
                        


ANNUAL FEE†
$0
$0
$0


APR†

                            Low intro APR offer†

†See Terms and Conditions for Cash Rewards card Link opens in a new window
for rate, fee and other cost information.
                        

                            Low intro APR offer†

†See Terms and Conditions for Travel Rewards card Link opens in a new window
for rate, fee and other cost information.
                        

                            Low intro APR offer†

†See Terms and Conditions for credit card Link opens in a new window
for rate, fee and other cost information.
                        




CHIP-ENABLED





 Link opens a pop up window

Chip Cards
Chip technology provides enhanced security and protection when making purchases at chip-enabled terminals. Soon to be the security standard in the U.S. and accepted in more than 130 countries. Learn more about chip cardsLink opens a new window










 Link opens a pop up window

Chip Cards
Chip technology provides enhanced security and protection when making purchases at chip-enabled terminals. Soon to be the security standard in the U.S. and accepted in more than 130 countries. Learn more about chip cardsLink opens a new window










 Link opens a pop up window

Chip Cards
Chip technology provides enhanced security and protection when making purchases at chip-enabled terminals. Soon to be the security standard in the U.S. and accepted in more than 130 countries. Learn more about chip cardsLink opens a new window












PREFERRED REWARDS





 See preferred rewards details for Cash Rewards. Link opens a pop up window

Preferred Rewards
Preferred Rewards gives you benefits and rewards across your eligible Bank of America® banking and Merrill Edge® investment accounts. When you are enrolled in the program, you will increase your BankAmericard Cash Rewards™ 10% customer bonus to a 25% - 75% rewards bonus every time you redeem your cash rewards directly into your Bank of America® checking or savings account.
To learn more about this program call 1.888.888.7937.










 See preferred rewards details for Travel Rewards. Link opens a pop up window

Preferred Rewards
Preferred Rewards gives you benefits and rewards across your eligible Bank of America® banking and Merrill Edge® investment accounts. When you are enrolled in the program, you will increase your BankAmericard Travel Rewards® 10% customer points bonus to a 25%-75% rewards bonus on every purchase.
To learn more about this program call
1.888.888.7937.













Please refer to the Terms and Conditions link for each card above for information about the rates, fees, other costs and benefits of these credit cards.





You always get

$0 Liability Guarantee, which helps protect you from fraudulent card transactions
Use of our network of financial centers and ATMs
Access to our award-winning Online Banking service






You can also call 877.754.6707







Credit card programs are issued and administered by Bank of America, N.A. Mastercard is a registered trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated and is used by the issuer pursuant to license. Visa and Visa Signature are registered trademarks of Visa International Service Association and are used by the issuer pursuant to license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. BankAmericard Cash Rewards is a trademark and BankAmericard, BankAmericard Travel Rewards, Bank of America and the Bank of America logo are registered trademarks of Bank of America Corporation.
Important Information Concerning Client Ratings and Reviews:

Ratings and reviews are voluntarily submitted by bank customers who have completed a customer feedback survey and are screened against moderation standards prior to publication. Ratings and reviews presented should not be interpreted as the opinions of all customers and are shared for informational purposes only. Not all bank products are included and depending upon your circumstances, there may be products which are more appropriate for you. Bank of America makes no guarantees about the accuracy and/or completeness of such reviews and assumes no liability for any actions taken in reliance upon such customer reviews.
The numerical and visual star rating represents the average total number of accepted reviews per product based on a five star rating scale. The percentage of customers who would recommend the product to a friend represents the average number of “yes” responses to the survey question. Featured reviews are selected based on subjective criteria for marketing purposes. Bank of America reserves the right to remove published reviews at any time and at its discretion. Reviews were selected from all submitted reviews, as of 9/30/16.
Privacy & Security Link opens a new window |
                Advertising Practices
Bank of America, N.A. Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender  Link opens a new window
 ©  Bank of America Corporation.

            ARHH73CX




Close Popup window


Advertising Practices
We strive to provide you with information about products and services you might find interesting and useful. Relationship-based ads and online behavioral advertising help us do that.
Here's how it works: We gather information about your online activities, such as the searches you conduct on our Sites and the pages you visit. This information may be used to deliver advertising on our Sites and offline (for example, by phone, email and direct mail) that's customized to meet specific interests you may have.
If you prefer that we do not use this information, you may opt out of online behavioral advertising. If you opt out, though, you may still receive generic advertising. In addition, financial advisors/Client Managers may continue to use information collected online to provide product and service information in accordance with account agreements.
Also, if you opt out of online behavioral advertising, you may still see ads when you sign in to your account, for example through Online Banking or MyMerrill. These ads are based on your specific account relationships with us.
To learn more about relationship-based ads, online behavioral advertising and our privacy practices, please review the Bank of America Online Privacy Notice and our Online Privacy FAQs.



















Savings Accounts - Open a Savings Account Online

























Skip to main content














Savings Accounts - Open a Savings Account Online
Bank of America savings accounts fit your individual and family saving goals. Open a savings account online.
savings account, savings, saving, savings accounts, saving account, open a savings account, open savings account online, open savings account, open a savings account online









Bank of America








Sign In


Sign In



                                        En español
                                    






Search Term







Show/Hide Menu of Related Links






















                                Savings Accounts


                        













Savings accounts tomeet your needs
Savings accounts tomeet your needs
Savings accounts to meetyour needs





Compare accounts
Compare accounts


Complete Saved Application
Complete a saved application






















Regular Savings Account


You need a basic savings account
 or $0 monthly fee or $0 monthly fee
$0 monthly fee with a minimum daily balance of $300 per statement cycle
Other easy ways to get a $0 monthly fee for Regular Savings Account


Open Regular Savings Account nowLearn more About Regular Savings Account








Rewards Money Market Savings Account


You have higher balances and want to earn a higher interest rate
 or $0 monthly fee or $0 monthly fee
$0 monthly fee with a minimum daily balance of $2,500 per statement cycle
Other easy ways to get a $0 monthly fee for Money Market Savings Account


Open Reward Money Market Savings Account nowLearn more About Reward Money Market Savings Account









Not sure? Compare savings accounts



Regular Savings Account


Rewards Money Market Savings Account






Open now






Open now










                        Standard Annual Percentage Yield (APY)Footnote3




                        Standard Annual Percentage Yield (APY)Footnote3



%


%





                        Preferred Rewards clients receive an interest rate boosterFootnote4 with a higher APYFootnote3




                        Preferred Rewards clients receive an interest rate boosterFootnote4 with a higher APYFootnote3



n/a


% Gold
% Platinum
% Platinum Honors





                        Minimum opening deposit
                    



                        Minimum opening deposit
                    











                        Can be used for Overdraft Protection to cover Bank of America checking accountsFootnote5




                        Can be used for Overdraft Protection to cover Bank of America checking accountsFootnote5



This feature is supported


This feature is supported





                        FDIC insured
                    



                        FDIC insured
                    


This feature is supported


This feature is supported



Fees and Policies




                        No monthly maintenance fee for each statement cycle that you:
                    



                        No monthly maintenance fee for each statement cycle that you:
                    








                                Maintain a minimum daily balance of at least 


or







                                Link your Bank of America Interest Checking® account to your Regular Savings account (waiver applies to first 4 savings accounts)
                              

or







                                When you are a Bank of America Preferred Rewards client (waiver applies to first 4 checking and savings accounts)
                              


You may also make combined monthly automatic transfers of  or more from your Bank of America checking account to your savings account during the immediately preceding statement cycle.Effective with statement cycles that start on or after September 7, 2017, you will no longer be able to use automatic transfers to avoid the $5 Monthly Maintenance Fee for the next statement cycle.








                                Maintain a minimum daily balance of at least 


or







                                Link your Bank of America Interest Checking® account to your Rewards Money Market Savings account (waiver applies to first 4 savings accounts)
                              

or







                                When you are a Bank of America Preferred Rewards client (waiver applies to first 4 checking and savings accounts)
                              














Or pay /month


Or pay /month





                        Withdrawal Limit Fee
                    



                        Withdrawal Limit Fee
                    


Make a total of  transfers and withdrawals each monthly statement cycle with no Withdrawal Limit Fee.  A  fee applies for each withdrawal or transfer exceeding  in a monthly statement cycle.Footnote1
Other limits apply to certain types of withdrawals and transfers.Footnote2


Make a total of  transfers and withdrawals each monthly statement cycle with no Withdrawal Limit Fee.  A  fee applies for each withdrawal or transfer exceeding 6 in a monthly statement cycle.Footnote1
Other limits apply to certain types of withdrawals and transfers.Footnote2





                        Other fees and information
                    



                        Other fees and information
                    


View the Bank of America Regular Savings Account Clarity Statement®


View the Bank of America Rewards Money Market Savings Account Clarity Statement®




Comparison of Accounts



Regular Savings Account
Rewards Money Market Savings Account




Standard Annual Percentage Yield (APY)Footnote3
% %  

Preferred Rewards clients receive an interest rate boosterFootnote4 with a higher APYFootnote3
n/a % Gold % Platinum % Platinum Honors  

Minimum opening deposit
   

Can be used for Overdraft Protection to cover Bank of America checking accountsFootnote5
This feature is supportedThis feature is supported 

FDIC insured
This feature is supportedThis feature is supported 

No monthly maintenance fee for each statement cycle that you:
Maintain a minimum daily balance of at least  Link your Bank of America Interest Checking® account to your Regular Savings account (waiver applies to first 4 savings accounts) When you are a Bank of America Preferred Rewards client (waiver applies to first 4 checking and savings accounts) Maintain a minimum daily balance of at least  Link your Bank of America Interest Checking® account to your Rewards Money Market Savings account (waiver applies to first 4 savings accounts) When you are a Bank of America Preferred Rewards client (waiver applies to first 4 checking and savings accounts)  


Or pay /month Or pay /month  

Withdrawal Limit Fee
Make a total of  transfers and withdrawals each monthly statement cycle with no Withdrawal Limit Fee.  A  fee applies for each withdrawal or transfer exceeding  in a monthly statement cycle.Footnote1 Other limits apply to certain types of withdrawals and transfers.Footnote2 Make a total of  transfers and withdrawals each monthly statement cycle with no Withdrawal Limit Fee.  A  fee applies for each withdrawal or transfer exceeding 6 in a monthly statement cycle.Footnote1 Other limits apply to certain types of withdrawals and transfers.Footnote2  

Other fees and information
View the Bank of America Regular Savings Account Clarity Statement® View the Bank of America Rewards Money Market Savings Account Clarity Statement®  







Other available savings accounts







Savings Accounts for Children


Accounts designed to help you save for a child's future


Learn more about savings accounts for children








CDs and IRAs


Looking for a more long-term savings option? Investigate other types of accounts


Learn more about CDs
Learn more about IRAs






















All savings accounts come with...
All savings accounts come with...




FDIC insurance




Online Banking




Mobile Banking




Alerts




Automatic Transfers




Debit chip card





FDIC insurance

Balances are insured up to applicable limits. Learn more about FDIC insurance



Online Banking

Our online website and mobile appFootnote6 ensure you get convenient savings account access whenever and almost wherever you are.



Mobile BankingFootnote6

Get convenient account access, now with fingerprint sign-in and Touch ID®.Footnote7 Use our free mobile app to deposit checksFootnote8, check balances, pay billsFootnote9, transfer moneyFootnote10 and locate ATMs and financial centers on the go.  Plus, with our customizable mobile app alertsFootnote11 you can stay informed of just about everything that happens with your savings account.



AlertsFootnote12

With Bank of America alerts, you can choose to be notified about a change to your account that's important to you. From monitoring your balance, to tracking a deposit, to paying a bill, just choose when and how you want to be notified.



Automatic transfers

Set up automatic transfers to help build your savings. Simply choose the amount and frequency you want to transfer money. Plus make changes anytime.Footnote1



Debit chip card

Debit cards are a convenient way to pay for everyday purchases - in person or online. All debit cards come with chip technologyFootnote13 for added security when used at terminals or ATMs that are chip-enabled and $0 Liability GuaranteeFootnote14 to help protect you if your card is lost or stolen.
















Why choose Bank of America?
Why choose Bank of America?







Save more
Build your savings automatically with our Keep the Change® savings programFootnote15



Learn more about Keep the Change







Bank of AmericaPreferred Rewards
Get more rewards with your everyday banking™



Learn more about Preferred Rewards







Financial network
Access to our network of financial centers, ATMs, and Online, MobileFootnote6 and TextFootnote16 Banking



Find a financial center near you









Resources to help you manage your money




  	        		Short TermSavings Calculator
  	        	

  	        		Short TermSavings Calculator
  	        	

    	        		See how long it takes to save for things you want in life
    	        	

 


Savings Goal Calculator 




 8 simple ways to save money 
 Create a safety net for life's unexpected events 
 Which type of savings account is right for you? 
















Looking for more information about savings accounts?

We're here to help. Find out more about what matters to you.




Complete a saved application
Personal Schedule of Fees
Deposit Agreement and Disclosures
Bank Account Interest Rates















					Information for:
				

 Zip code    


Go




 Please select your county  



Select a county


Select


Go






 Enter your zip code  


Please enter the zip code for your home address so we can give you accurate rate and fee information for your location.


 Zip code    


Go
















Contact Us


Schedule an appointment


Schedule an appointment


Call us


Phone number:844.375.7027



 









 
                    Legal Information and Disclosures
            







 



Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.Investment products:



Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value


Are Not Deposits
Are Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency
Are Not a Condition to Any Banking Service or Activity



Merrill Edge, available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated ("MLPF&S"), consists of Merrill Edge Advisory Center (investment guidance) or self-directed online investing.
Merrill Lynch Wealth Management makes available products and services offered by Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated.
MLPF&S is a registered broker-dealer, Member SIPC and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.
MasterCard is a registered trademark of MasterCard International Incorporated, and is used pursuant to license. Visa is a registered trademark of Visa International Service Association, and is used pursuant to license from Visa U.S.A. Inc.. Touch ID is a registered trademark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.
"Get more rewards with your everyday banking" is a trademark and Merrill Edge, Merrill Lynch, Keep the Change, Bank of America Interest Checking, Bank of America and the Bank of America logo are registered trademarks of Bank of America Corporation.









Bank of America


Savings








 Checking Open

Checking

Checking Home
Bank of America Interest Checking®
Bank of America Core Checking®
SafeBalance Banking® Account
Debit Cards
Checking Clarity Statement®




 Savings Open

Savings

Savings Home
Rewards Money Market Savings
Regular Savings
Child Savings
Custodial (UTMA) Savings




 CDs Open

CDs

CD Home
Featured CD
Standard Term CD




 IRAs Open

IRAs

IRA Home
Bank IRAs
Merrill Edge® IRAs




 Managing Your Account Open

Managing Your Account

Budgeting & Saving
Managing Your Bank Accounts
FAQs
Glossary
Short Term Savings Tool
BankAmeriDeals®
Keep the Change®
Switch to Bank of America




 Access Accounts Open

Access Accounts

Sign in to Online Banking
Set up Direct Deposit
Personal Schedule of Fees
Request a Debit Card
Deposit Agreement and Disclosures










Home

Privacy & Security

Careers

Feedback

Sitemap

Advertising Practices
 Advertising Practices  We strive to provide you with information about products and services you might find interesting and useful. Relationship-based ads and online behavioral advertising help us do that.Here's how it works: We gather information about your online activities, such as the searches you conduct on our Sites and the pages you visit. This information may be used to deliver advertising on our Sites and offline (for example, by phone, email and direct mail) that's customized to meet specific interests you may have.If you prefer that we do not use this information, you may opt out of online behavioral advertising. If you opt out, though, you may still receive generic advertising. In addition, financial advisors/Client Managers may continue to use information collected online to provide product and service information in accordance with account agreements.Also, if you opt out of online behavioral advertising, you may still see ads when you sign in to your account, for example through Online Banking or MyMerrill. These ads are based on your specific account relationships with us.To learn more about relationship-based ads, online behavioral advertising and our privacy practices, please review Bank of America Online Privacy Notice and our Online Privacy FAQs. 












Bank of America, N.A. Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
© 2017 Bank of America Corporation.  All rights reserved.

















Learn about Mortgages, Refinancing and Home Equity from Bank of AmericaSkip to main contentLearn about Mortgages, Refinancing and Home Equity from Bank of America Learn the steps, benefits, and considerations of the home buying and loan process. Explore mortgage, refinance and home equity options. learn about mortgages, learn about refinancing, learn about home equity, learn about home loans Bank of America Sign inSign inLocationsEn españolSearch TermShow/Hide Menu  related links Learn About Home LoansKnowing more about home loans can help you better manage your financial life.MortgagesRefinancingHome Equity failure Get a call backfrom one of our lending specialists Your contact information*requiredYour first name * Input your first nameYour last name * Input your last nameYour phone number * Input your phone numberYour ZIP code *    We ask for your ZIP code because we need to know your time zone so we can call you during the appropriate business hours.Your email address *    We ask for your email address so that we can contact you in the event we're unable to reach you by phone. If you're concerned about receiving marketing email from us, you can update your privacy choices anytime in the Privacy and Security area of our website.By submitting this form, you authorize Bank of America to contact you at the telephone number or email provided here, even if you’ve previously registered on a Do Not Call registry or requested that we not send you marketing information by email. You agree we may use an auto-dialer to reach you. You understand that you are not required to consent to receiving autodialed calls/texts as a condition of purchasing any Bank of America products or services. Any cellular/mobile telephone number you provide may incur charges from your mobile service provider.SubmitCancelUnderstand your mortgage optionsUnderstand your mortgage optionsWith so many different types of mortgages available, choosing the right one can seem overwhelming. We're here to clearly explain your options.Read more about common mortgage typesRead more about common mortgage typesAvoid some of the most common home-buying mistakesBuying a home is a big decision – and there are lots of small decisions to make along the way.Explore home-buying tipsExplore home-buying tipsYour down payment plays an important roleWhen you're considering buying a home, the amount of your down payment plays an important role.See how it affects your home loanSee how it affects your home loanView more mortgage articlesWhat is mortgage prequalification?What is mortgage prequalification?How mortgages are approvedHow mortgages are approvedGuide to the mortgage processGuide to the mortgage processHow to apply for a mortgageHow to apply for a mortgageHow much home can your budget handle?How much home can your budget handle?Extend your financial know-how with even more information to help you make more confident decisionsLearn more about mortgages at Better Money HabitsResources and toolsMortgage ratesMortgage calculatorDown Payment Resource CenterSearch for down payment and cost savings programs that can help make buying a home more affordableReal Estate CenterSearch millions of existing homes, new homes, and bank-owned propertiesCity, state * City, stateGo Go to real estate centerYour home loan made easyStart onlineSubmit your prequalification request online: There's no cost and no obligation — and it only takes about 5 minutes.Visit our Real Estate Center to search for homes and find home values.Work with a specialistOur experienced lending specialists — rated 4.8 stars out of 5 on Zillow as of 2/1/17 by thousands of customers like you — will help you every step of the way.Prepare for closingSecurely upload and e-sign documents using the Home Loan Navigator.Visit our home loans overview page to explore your mortgage options.Refinancing to a fixed rateRefinancing to a fixed rateSwitching from an adjustable-rate mortgage (or ARM) to a fixed-rate mortgage is one of the most common reasons to finance.Read more about refinancingRead more about refinancingRefinancing to lower your monthly mortgage paymentBefore you decide if refinancing is the right choice for you, take a look at some of the details.Learn how refinancing can affect your budgetLearn how refinancing can affect your budgetEvaluate the equity in your homeThe amount of available equity plays an important role when you apply for a home equity line of credit.Learn how the available equity could affect your financing optionsLearn how the available equity could affect your financing optionsView more refinance articlesAPR vs. interest rateAPR vs. interest rateApplying for a refinance loanApplying for a refinance loanWhat is cash-out refinance?What is cash-out refinance?What happens at closing?What happens at closing?Extend your financial know-how with even more information to help you make more confident decisionsLearn more about refinancing at Better Money HabitsResources and toolsRefinance ratesRefinance calculatorReal Estate CenterSearch for homes and see your home’s estimated value in secondsYour home loan made easyStart onlineSubmit your prequalification request online: There's no cost and no obligation — and it only takes about 5 minutes.Work with a specialistOur experienced lending specialists — rated 4.8 stars out of 5 on Zillow as of 2/1/17 by thousands of customers like you — will help you every step of the way.Prepare for closingSubmit your documents securely online using the Home Loan Navigator.Visit our home loans overview page to explore your refinance options.What is a home equity line of credit (HELOC)?What is a home equity line of credit (HELOC)?A HELOC is a revolving line of credit that you can use for large expenses or to consolidate higher-interest rate debt.Read more about a home equity line of creditRead more about a home equity line of creditEvaluating the available equity you have in your homeThe more equity you have, the more refinancing options may be available to you.See how equity affects your refinancing optionsSee how equity affects your refinancing optionsShould you refinance or take out a home equity line of credit?If you're interested in borrowing against your home's available equity to pay for other expenses, you have choices.Learn about borrowing against your home’s equityLearn about borrowing against your home’s equityView more home equity articlesUnderstanding your debt-to-income-ratioUnderstanding your debt-to-income-ratioSmart ways to use home equityHow much home can your budget handle?How much home can your budget handle?Extend your financial know-how with even more information to help you make more confident decisionsLearn more about refinancing at Better Money HabitsResources and toolsHome equity ratesHome equity calculatorReal Estate CenterSee your home’s estimated value in secondsYour home equity line of credit made easyStart onlineSubmit your secure application online — there’s no fee and no obligation, and it only takes about 15 minutes. Start your application now.Work with a specialistOur experienced specialists will help you every step of the way – and if you decide that predictable monthly payments for a fixed term is best for you, they’ll help you with a Fixed-Rate Loan Option.Complete the processSave time and securely upload documents online. If approved, you can enjoy the convenience of closing at a financial centerfinancial center of your choice. After that, you can easily access your new home equity line of credit asyou need it.Visit our home loans overview page to see what home equity can do for you.The loan process just got easierBank of America’s Home Loan Navigator™ lets you view the current status and details of your application, easily sign and securely submit loan documents and more. Your lending specialist will also be there to help you every step of the way.(Music)Good MorningHiHiSo...What do you think? I think it's perfect.Music: I've been in an endless dream, waiting for the light that's going to wake me.Did you see the note?Ah, yes.Do not forget.Hey buddy, wanna help me take this photo?Got to get lined up there, and press the button.Good Work.Music: ...it's the only sound...Music: ...I feel my feet on the ground.We got approved!Yes babe!How exciting!We did it!Music: I will feel alright.oh we are so excited.Music: I will feel alright.Music: HomewardAlright, we ready?Music: HomewardPlay video Replay video Pause videoPlay video Replay video Pause video0:00 / 0:00Press C to enable closed captioning. Press C to disable closed captioning.Press V to activate volume control. Use the Up and Down arrow keys to adjust the volume.Press F to enable full-screen mode. Press F to exit full-screen mode. View Transcript Transcript collapsed. Press T to show the transcript.Transcript(Music)Good MorningHiHiSo...What do you think? I think it's perfect.Music: I've been in an endless dream, waiting for the light that's going to wake me.Did you see the note?Ah, yes.Do not forget.Hey buddy, wanna help me take this photo?Got to get lined up there, and press the button.Good Work.Music: ...it's the only sound...Music: ...I feel my feet on the ground.We got approved!Yes babe!Music: I will feel alright.How exciting!We did it!Music: I will feel alright.oh we are so excited.Music: I will feel alright.Music: HomewardAlright, we ready?Music: HomewardConnect with a lending specialist: NMLS ID: 866.466.0979 Get a call back layerGet a call back from  layerSchedule an appointmentChange lending specialistFind another loan officer to help you with a mortgage refinance.Enter City or ZIPGoConnect with a lending specialist866.466.0979Mon.-Fri. 8 a.m.-10 p.m. ETSat. 8 a.m.-6:30 p.m. ETGet a call back layerGet a call back from  layerSchedule an appointmentGet a call back layerConnect with a lending specialist: NMLS ID: 866.502.9005 Get a call back layerGet a call back from  layerSchedule an appointmentChange lending specialistFind another loan officer to help you with a mortgage refinance.Enter City or ZIPGoConnect with a lending specialist866.502.9005Mon.-Fri. 8 a.m.-10 p.m. ETSat. 8 a.m.-6:30 p.m. ETGet a call back layerGet a call back from  layerSchedule an appointmentGet a call back layerConnect with a lending specialist: NMLS ID: 866.290.4674 Get a call back layerGet a call back from  layerSchedule an appointmentChange lending specialistFind another loan officer to help you with a mortgage refinance.Enter City or ZIPGoConnect with a lending specialist866.290.4674Mon.-Fri. 8 a.m.-10 p.m. ETSat. 8 a.m.-6:30 p.m. ETGet a call back layerGet a call back from  layerSchedule an appointmentGet a call back layerTalk toTalk to your lending specialistyour lending specialist:from your lending specialist:



Bank of America — Banking, Credit Cards, Mortgages and Auto Loans


























skip to sign in
Skip to main content








Personal


Small Business


Wealth Management


Businesses & Institutions


About Us














 Locations Layer




close
 Locations



Locations

Find a financial center or ATM


Go find a Financial center / ATM results



Schedule an appointment


End of layer.



Contact Us


Help


En español






Search Term















Please Use JavaScript
You need a web browser that supports JavaScript to use our site. Without it, some pages won’t work as designed.
To make sure JavaScript is turned on, please adjust your browser settings.
 
Browser Help and Tips
 


Close














                                You're signed out. Thank you.
                            
Your Online ID is missing. Please try again.
Your Passcode is missing. Please try again.
Secure Sign-in



























Online ID



Passcode



Sign In








Save Online ID



Security & Help







Forgot ID


Forgot Passcode


Enroll







Security & Help

Check your browser address bar to make sure you're on our real website:


www.bankofamerica.com
Green text/shading
Lock icon



Protect yourself from phishing

Your saved Online ID helps us personalize your visit

How we collect and use information









Banking menu. Press Enter to access submenu. To move through items press up or down arrow.


Checking 
Savings
CDs
Business Checking
Student Banking
Online Banking
Mobile Banking

More Banking Products



Preferred Rewards 
					Get more rewards withyour everyday banking
Explore popular features
					See how to get the most outof Mobile & Online Banking


End of submenu





Credit Cards menu. Press Enter to access submenu. To move through items press up or down arrow.


Popular Credit Cards
Cash Rewards Cards
Travel & Airline Rewards Cards
Lower Interest Rate Cards
Cards to Build or Rebuild Credit
Small Business Cards
Shop All Credit Cards
Check for Customized Offers

Manage Your Credit Card Account


End of submenu





Loans menu. Press Enter to access submenu. To move through items press up or down arrow.


Mortgage
Refinance
Home Equity
Auto Loans
Business Loans

Find a Home


End of submenu





Investments  menu. Press Enter to access submenu. To move through items press up or down arrow.


Streamline Investing with Merrill Edge
Why Merrill Edge
Retirement
IRA and 401(k) Rollovers
529 & College Savings Plans
Investment Products

Merrill Lynch Wealth Management
U.S. Trust Private Wealth Management


End of submenu





Learning
						 menu. Press Enter to access submenu. To move through items press up or down arrow.



Managing Credit
Handling Debt
Saving & Budgeting
Privacy & Security

BetterMoneyHabits.comVideos and tips to bettermanage your financial life.



Planning for Life Events
Retirement Planning
College Planning
Home Ownership
Auto Ownership


End of submenu





Bank of America — Banking, Credit Cards, Mortgages and Auto Loans








      








Information for:

Select a state
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming

Go and get state information




Please select a state from the dropdown menu to get information about that state's offerings.


OK









Advertising Practices

Advertising Practices
We strive to provide you with information about products and services you might find interesting and useful. Relationship-based ads and online behavioral advertising help us do that.
Here's how it works: We gather information about your online activities, such as the searches you conduct on our Sites and the pages you visit. This information may be used to deliver advertising on our Sites and offline (for example, by phone, email and direct mail) that's customized to meet specific interests you may have.
If you prefer that we do not use this information, you may opt out of online behavioral advertising. If you opt out, though, you may still receive generic advertising. In addition, financial advisors/Client Managers may continue to use information collected online to provide product and service information in accordance with account agreements.
Also, if you opt out of online behavioral advertising, you may still see ads when you sign in to your account, for example through Online Banking or MyMerrill. These ads are based on your specific account relationships with us.
To learn more about relationship-based ads, online behavioral advertising and our privacy practices, please review the Bank of America Online Privacy Notice and our Online Privacy FAQs.















       













       













       













       















Take charge with a student banking account



Students under the age of 24 can take charge of their finances with Bank of America Core Checking® with a monthly maintenance fee waiver.
Learn more about Core Checking®
















Help with your home loan payments



If you're a homeowner struggling with your loan payments, learn about our home loan assistance programs.»
























Popular links







Schedule an appointment 



Get the Mobile Banking app 



Open a new account 



Order checks 



Tell us you're traveling 



Go paperless now 












Your news and information


New in our Mobile App


 Send money in minutes to almost anyone, using Zelle 






Travel Insights


 International tipping guide 






Security tips


 Victims of identity theft: 5 steps to take action 






Saving and budgeting


 Spending analysis tool 














Online Banking Service Agreement



Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.
Investing in securities involves risks, and there is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities.
Merrill Lynch is the marketing name for Merrill Lynch Wealth Management and Merrill Edge®, both of which are made available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (“MLPF&S”). Merrill Edge consists of the Merrill Edge Advisory Center (investment guidance) and self-directed online investing.
MLPF&S is a registered broker-dealer, registered investment adviser and Member SIPC. Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc. (“MLLA”) is a licensed insurance agency. Both are wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation (“BofA Corp.”).
Merrill Lynch makes available products and services offered by MLPF&S and other subsidiaries of BofA Corp. Insurance and annuity products are offered through MLLA a licensed insurance agency and wholly owned subsidiary of BofA Corp.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through Bank of America, N.A., and other subsidiaries of BofA Corp.
Investment products offered through MLPF&S and insurance and annuity products offered through MLLA:



Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value


Are Not Deposits
Are Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency
Are Not a Condition to Any Banking Service or Activity








Locations


Contact Us


Help


Accessible Banking


Careers


Privacy & Security


McAfee® Internet Security


Site Map



Bank of America, N.A. Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender© 2017 Bank of America Corporation.

















Bank of America RED
YOU'RE ON YOUR WAY TO TURNING YOUR MILES (RED)TM
Pledge your miles with the Nike+ Running App, and Bank of America will make a donation to fight HIV/AIDS. Before you go to Nike.com, we want you to know Nike is solely responsible for their website's content, offerings and level of security, so please refer to the website's posted privacy policy and terms of use.

CONTINUE TO NIKE
RETURN TO BANK OF AMERICA

From October 12 to December 7, 2014, for every mile, up to a weekly cap published at NIKE.COM/ONESTEP4RED, recorded on Nike+ running as part of the Turn Your Miles (RED) pledge program Bank of America Corporation will donate $.40 to the U.S. Fund for the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria to support and fund prevention and treatment of HIV/AIDS, up to a total maximum donation of $1,000,000. No purchase necessary. Bank of America and the Bank of America logo are registered trademarks of Bank of America Corporation. Bank of America. N.A. Member FDIC © 2014 Bank of America Corporation.

















You're going to a page that's in English

We're letting you know the page you're about to view is offered only in English. Applications and documents for specific products and services may also only be in English.
As always, please be sure you've read and understood all terms and conditions before choosing a product, and contact us if you have questions.

Continue in English
Return to Spanish





You're going to another website

Before you go, we want you to know the site owner is responsible for what's on their site. Also, their privacy practices and level of security may be different from ours, so please review their policies.
Please note that this web site may not be available in Spanish.

Continue
Go back to Bank of America





You're going to another website

Before you go, we want you to know the site owner is responsible for what's on their site. Also, their privacy practices and level of security may be different from ours, so please review their policies.

Continue
Go back to Bank of America













Online Banking from Bank of America - Enroll Online Today



























Skip to main content















Online Banking





Sign In

 Home

 Locations

 Contact Us

 Help


En español








Search Term













Overview


Manage Accounts


Pay and Transfer


Budget and Track


Get Answers  for your Online Banking questions


Enroll in Online Banking







Online Banking







Sign in to Online Banking





close sign in widget












text_secure_sign_in

text_use_javascript
text_browser_support_javascript
text_adjust_browser_setting
text_browser_help_tips









Don't miss out
Are you getting the most out of Online and Mobile Banking?
See popular features









Convenient, secure Online Banking.Rated #1 for over 7 years inKeynote's Banker Scorecard
Enroll in Online Banking




Quickly access your accounts





Easily pay bills& transfer funds





Set goals &track spending





Mobile banking from almost anywhere

















Manage accounts


With Online Banking you can check your balance and account activity or search your statements and payment history whenever you like from your laptop, tablet or smartphone. You can also create email and text alertsFootnote 1 that let you know if your account balance is low or if a payment is due to help you avoid fees.










Pay and transfer


At your convenience—pay bills and make transfers online from home, the office, wherever you can connect. Transfer money securely and quickly between your own accounts or to your friends and family even if they have accounts at other banks.Footnote 2 You can also schedule bills in advance knowing they’ll be paid securely.
















Budget and track


From a single site, you can set up budgets, get organized for tax season and track spending in your accounts, even at other financial institutionsFootnote 3. Sign into your all accounts dashboard for easy accounts access and comparison so you never have to hop from site to site again.










Mobile Banking


Access your Bank of America® accounts straight from your mobile device. Check your balance, deposit checksFootnote 4, pay bills, transfer moneyFootnote 2 and get cash-back deals withBankAmeriDeals®Footnote 5 whether you're at home or on the go. Bank on your schedule with Mobile BankingFootnote 6 and get the convenience and security of Online Banking from almost anywhere.















Enroll in Online Banking





 





1.
Alerts received as text messages on your mobile access device may incur a charge from your mobile access service provider. This feature is not available on the Mobile website. Data connection required. Wireless carrier fees may apply. 





2.
See the Online Banking Service agreement for details. Mobile transfers are available on the Mobile Banking app for iPad, iPhone and Android devices. Data connection required. Wireless carrier fees may apply. 





3.
To view accounts from another financial institution you must have online access set up with that institution. 





4.
Mobile Check Deposits are subject to verification and not available for immediate withdrawal. In the Mobile Banking app, select Help & Support, then Mobile Check Deposit for details, including funds availability, deposit limits, proper disposal of checks, restrictions and terms and conditions. Requires at least a 2-megapixel camera. Data connection required. Wireless carrier fees may apply. 





5.
You must be enrolled in Online Banking or Mobile Banking to participate in the BankAmeriDeals® program and have either an eligible Bank of America® debit or credit card or Merrill Lynch® credit card. Select co-brand credit cards are not eligible. Earned cash back will be credited into an eligible checking, savings, money market or credit account in the next month following redemption. For more information, please read the program terms of use. Data connection required. Wireless carrier fees may apply. 





6.
Mobile Banking requires enrollment through the Mobile Banking app, Mobile website or Online Banking. View the Online Banking Service Agreement for more information. Data connection required. Wireless carrier fees may apply. 











Bank of America



Online Banking







Online Banking Overview
Enroll in Online Banking
Service Agreement
eCommunications Disclosure
Online Banking Security Guarantee


Manage Accounts
Manage accounts Activity
Manage accounts Alerts
Manage accounts Statements
Manage accounts BankAmeriDeals®


Pay and Transfer
Payments
Transfers


Budget and Track
My Portfolio®


Get Answers  for your Online Banking questions
Get Answers FAQs









Home
									
Privacy & Security
									
Careers
									
Site Map
									
Advertising Practices

Advertising Practices
We strive to provide you with information about products and services you might find interesting and useful. Relationship-based ads and online behavioral advertising help us do that.
Here's how it works: We gather information about your online activities, such as the searches you conduct on our Sites and the pages you visit. This information may be used to deliver advertising on our Sites and offline (for example, by phone, email and direct mail) that's customized to meet specific interests you may have.
If you prefer that we do not use this information, you may opt out of online behavioral advertising. If you opt out, though, you may still receive generic advertising. In addition, financial advisors/Client Managers may continue to use information collected online to provide product and service information in accordance with account agreements.
Also, if you opt out of online behavioral advertising, you may still see ads when you sign in to your account, for example through Online Banking or MyMerrill. These ads are based on your specific account relationships with us.
To learn more about relationship-based ads, online behavioral advertising and our privacy practices, please review the Bank of America Online Privacy Notice and our Online Privacy FAQs.



BankAmeriDeals, My portfolio, Merrill Lynch, Bank of America and the Bank of America logo are registered trademarks of Bank of America Corporation.
Some accounts, services and fees vary from state to state. Please review the Personal Schedule of Fees for your state, also available at your local financial center.
Bank of America, N.A. Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender© 2017 Bank of America Corporation.








Online Banking from Bank of America - Enroll Online Today

Enroll online today to manage your bank accounts, pay your bills, transfer funds and more with Bank of America Online Banking.

Bank of America
bank of america online banking, internet banking, online banking, bank online, banking online, online banking account, enroll in online banking, digital banking









Bank of America Financial Centers and ATMs























































Skip to main content

https://locators.bankofamerica.com/






Locations





Locations






Find locations with...Expand 








Done
Clear filters

International ATMs
Find a Merrill Edge Financial Solutions Advisor
Merrill Lynch Wealth Management locations





Location Search.  Enter Address, city and state, zip code, or landmark to find locations near you.
Search zip code, city or state








Find a financial center or ATM

ArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMissouriNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaTennesseeTexasUtahVirginiaWashington



Schedule an appointment











        Investment Products:
        

Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value



            MLPF&S is a registered broker-dealer, Member SIPC and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.
        

            Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.
        

            Investing in securities involves risks, and there is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities.
        

            Merrill Edge is available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S), and consists of the Merrill Edge Advisory Center (investment guidance) and self-directed online investing.
        

Home
Accessible Banking
Privacy & Security
Careers
Site Map


            Bank of America, N.A. Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender
© 2017 Bank of America Corporation.
        




Important Notice
You Are Leaving Bank of America
By clicking Continue, you will be taken to a website that is not affiliated with Bank of America and may offer a different privacy policy and level of security. Bank of America is not responsible for and does not endorse, guarantee or monitor content, availability, viewpoints, products or services that are offered or expressed on other websites. Please be advised that some of the Global ATM Alliance partner websites may be in languages other than English.
You can click the Return to Bank of America button now to return to the previous page or you can use the Back button on your browser after you leave.
Return to Bank of AmericaContinue
close














×

				You must enable JavaScript. You can download it for free here: https://java.com/en/download/ 








Bank of America Customer Service













Skip to main content












Contact Us





Home


Locations


Contact Us


Help


Sign In








Search Term

























Select your location


Please tell us where you are currently so we can give you information for your location. Traveling internationally? See how to contact us from outside the U.S.


State Selection Form


Current State

Select state
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming

Go
















Home
									
Privacy & Security
									
Careers
									
Site Map
									
Branch and ATM Locations
									
Advertising Practices

Advertising Practices
We strive to provide you with information about products and services you might find interesting and useful. Relationship-based ads and online behavioral advertising help us do that.
Here's how it works: We gather information about your online activities, such as the searches you conduct on our Sites and the pages you visit. This information may be used to deliver advertising on our Sites and offline (for example, by phone, email and direct mail) that's customized to meet specific interests you may have.
If you prefer that we do not use this information, you may opt out of online behavioral advertising. If you opt out, though, you may still receive generic advertising. In addition, financial advisors/Client Managers may continue to use information collected online to provide product and service information in accordance with account agreements.
Also, if you opt out of online behavioral advertising, you may still see ads when you sign in to your account, for example through Online Banking or MyMerrill. These ads are based on your specific account relationships with us.
To learn more about relationship-based ads, online behavioral advertising and our privacy practices, please review the Bank of America Online Privacy Notice and our Online Privacy FAQs.



Bank of America, N.A. Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender opens in a new window © 2017 Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.
Glossary Term: Unsolicited Idea Submission Policy














Bank of America's Unsolicited Idea Submission Policy
Bank of America and its associates do not accept or consider unsolicited ideas, including ideas for new or improved products, processes or technologies, product enhancements, advertising and marketing campaigns, promotions or new product names. Please do not send any original materials, suggestions or other items. The sole purpose of this policy is to avoid potential misunderstandings or disputes when Bank of America's products or marketing efforts might seem similar to ideas submitted to the Bank. If, despite our request not to send us your ideas, you still do, then regardless of what your communication states, the following terms shall apply to your idea submission.TERMS OF IDEA SUBMISSIONYou agree that: (a) your ideas will automatically become the property of Bank of America, without compensation to you, (b) Bank of America can use the ideas for any purpose and in any way, and (c) any information you provide will be considered non-confidential.










Credit Cards - Apply for a Credit Card Online

























Skip to main content








We're sorry, this page is temporarily unavailable. We apologize for the inconvenience.
Visit our homepage


We're sorry, this page is temporarily unavailable. We apologize for the inconvenience.
Visit credit card homepage


Interstitial Link: language-change | Placeholder - hidden
   One or more of the cards you chose to compare are not serviced in Spanish.

Continue in Spanish
Go back to English







Credit Cards - Apply for a Credit Card Online
Explore a variety of credit cards so you can find and apply for the credit card that's right for you.
credit cards, credit card, credit card applications, credit card application, apply for a credit card, apply for credit card, apply for credit card online, credit card apply

















Bank of America








Sign In


Sign In



                                        En español
                                    






Search Term







Show/Hide Menu of Related Links






















                                Credit Cards


                        







Looking for the perfect credit card?Finding the right one is quick and easy. 
Looking for the perfect credit card? Finding the right one is quick and easy.
 Try our credit card finder. Find My Card Now 
 Try our credit card finder. Find My Card Now 







x  Click X to close and reset card finder quiz








             Please turn your device
        









Form to help you find the perfect card





Back to previous question in Card Finder Quiz | Reset







Result  of 
We found  that matched your criteria. 


Back to previous question in Card Finder Quiz | Reset







 Results not found 
We’re sorry, the results are temporarily unavailable. We apologize for the inconvenience.
Go back to credit card homepage






















            Filter Cards
            






Rates & Fees    No Annual Fee      No Foreign Transaction Fee      Low Intro APR on Balance Transfers      Low Intro APR on Purchases    




Features    Preferred Rewards    




Card Type    Visa® Visa     American Express® American Expresss     MasterCard® Master Card   


View Cards
Reset






























Close layer
×











Remove {CARD_NAME} from compare list








Remove {CARD_NAME} from compare list








Remove {CARD_NAME} from compare list








Remove {CARD_NAME} from compare list


Compare
Compare

  
You can only compare up to 4 cards. Please remove a card before adding another.
You can only compare up to 3 cards. Please remove a card before adding another.
You can only compare up to 2 cards. Please remove a card before adding another.











Compare the benefits of our most popular cards. Compare cards









Try our Card Finder to find the best card for you
Find my card now














Customized offers fast and easy
Tell us who you are and what you like, to see what offers are available to you. It will only take a minute and won’t impact your credit score.
Already a Bank of America customer? Be sure to sign in when you check for offers to see what’s already waiting for you.
Check for your offers
Check for offers




























Preferred Rewards makes your credit card even better
When you enroll in the Preferred Rewards program, you can get a 25% or more rewards bonus on all eligible Bank of America® credit cards.
Plus, as a Preferred Rewards client, you’ll get even more benefits and rewards with your every day banking. As your qualifying Bank of America® deposit accounts and/or Merrill Edge® and Merrill Lynch® investment balances grow, so do your benefits.
Learn more about Preferred Rewards
















Looking for information about your account?
Activate your card, enroll in online banking, pay your bill, check your account, and more. 
 Manage your account


Application Links

 Complete your saved application 
 Check application status 
 Respond to mail offer 
 View sample credit card agreements 















Understanding credit is key to your financial health















Selecting a credit card
Choosing a credit card can be overwhelming. We’ve compiled some important considerations to help you pick the best credit card for you.


Managing your credit card
Get the most out of your credit card. Find out how you can take advantage of all the opportunities that may be available to you as a cardholder.




Paying down your debt
By following a few simple steps, you can help ensure you’re headed in the right direction when it comes to managing your credit card debt.


Improving your credit
Better credit habits can lead to a better credit score. If you’re looking to improve your credit, check out some of our helpful tips.













        Connect one on one with a credit card specialist
    

Schedule an appointment










Bank of America


Credit Cards








 Credit Cards Open

Credit Cards

Credit Card Home
Customized Credit Card Offers
Customized Credit Card Offers
Check Application Status
Return to Saved Application
Respond to Mail Offer
Compare Credit Cards
Get Your FICO® Score
Small Business Credit Cards




 Credit Card Categories Open

Credit Card Categories

Cash Rewards Credit Cards
Travel & Airline Rewards Credit Cards
Lower Interest Rate Credit Cards
Build or Rebuild Credit
Credit Cards for Students
Points Rewards Credit Cards
Credit Cards with No Annual Fee




 Learn About Credit Open

Learn About Credit

Selecting a Credit Card
Managing Your Credit Card
Paying Down Debt
Improving Your Credit
FAQs
Glossary




 Manage Your Credit Card Open

Manage Your Credit Card

Manage Your Credit Card Account
Online & Mobile Banking
Sign Into Your Account
Protect Your Account
Get Payment & Debt Management Tips










Home

Privacy & Security

Careers

Feedback

Sitemap

Advertising Practices
 Advertising Practices  We strive to provide you with information about products and services you might find interesting and useful. Relationship-based ads and online behavioral advertising help us do that.Here's how it works: We gather information about your online activities, such as the searches you conduct on our Sites and the pages you visit. This information may be used to deliver advertising on our Sites and offline (for example, by phone, email and direct mail) that's customized to meet specific interests you may have.If you prefer that we do not use this information, you may opt out of online behavioral advertising. If you opt out, though, you may still receive generic advertising. In addition, financial advisors/Client Managers may continue to use information collected online to provide product and service information in accordance with account agreements.Also, if you opt out of online behavioral advertising, you may still see ads when you sign in to your account, for example through Online Banking or MyMerrill. These ads are based on your specific account relationships with us.To learn more about relationship-based ads, online behavioral advertising and our privacy practices, please review Bank of America Online Privacy Notice and our Online Privacy FAQs. 












Bank of America, N.A. Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
© 2017 Bank of America Corporation.  All rights reserved.























Online Bill Pay from Bank of America



























Skip to main content















Online Banking





Sign In

 Home

 Locations

 Contact Us

 Help


En español








Search Term













Overview


Manage Accounts


Pay and Transfer


Budget and Track


Get Answers  for your Online Banking questions


Enroll in Online Banking







Online Bill Pay & Money Transfers





Make your payments from anywhere.Fast, convenientand secure.
Whether you’re paying bills or paying back a friend, you can send money now or schedule a payment or transferfor later. Online Banking makes life a little more convenient with Online Bill Pay, money transfers and automatic transfers.













Pay your monthly bills from one place online


No more balancing a checkbook or stashing a paper file. Set up Pay To accounts once and schedule recurring or one-time bill payments from your checking or money market accounts or from your Home Equity Line of Credit (HELOC).Footnote 1 Many bills can be paid electronically as soon as the next business day (utilities, cable, phone)Footnote 2 with Online Bill Pay.
Use Online Bill Pay Today










Transfer money online, quickly and securelyFootnote 3


Need to make a quick payment? Sign in to Online Banking, select the Transfers tab and move funds between your credit card, home equity line of creditFootnote 4, installment loan, mortgage or Merrill Lynch investmentFootnote 5 accounts.
To help you save, you can also set up automatic transfers (weekly, biweekly, monthly and more) from your checking to your savings. It’s a convenient way to increase your savings account balance.
Paying back a friend or family member is just as easy, too: Transfer money from your Bank of America account to their account at another financial institution by using a mobile number or email address.Footnote 6
Transfer money now














Enroll in Online Banking





 











1.
Refers to standalone HELOCs only (does not include combo or piggyback). Additionally, HELOCs originated in Texas are not eligible Pay From accounts in Online Bill Pay. 





2.
Payments from a SafeBalance Banking account may require additional business day(s). 





3.
See the Online Banking Service agreement for details. Mobile transfers are available on the Mobile Banking app for iPad, iPhone and Android devices. Data connection required. Wireless carrier fees may apply. 





4.
In Texas, the minimum draw on the line is $4,000. 





5.
Merrill Edge is available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S), and consists of the Merrill Edge Advisory Center (investment guidance) and self-directed online investing. 





6.
Email and mobile transfers require enrollment in the service and must be made from a Bank of America consumer checking or savings account to a domestic bank account. Recipients have 14 days to register to receive money or the transfer will be cancelled. Dollar and frequency limits apply. See the Online Banking Service Agreement for details, including cut-off and delivery times.  This feature is available on the Mobile Banking app for iPad, iPhone and Android devices. Data connection required. Wireless carrier charges may apply. 







Merrill Lynch Wealth Management makes available products and services offered by MLPF&S and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.
Investment products:



Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value



MLPF&S is a registered broker-dealer, Member SIPC and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.








Bank of America




Online Banking



Online Bill Pay & Money Transfers







Online Banking Overview
Enroll in Online Banking
Service Agreement
eCommunications Disclosure
Online Banking Security Guarantee


Manage Accounts
Manage accounts Activity
Manage accounts Alerts
Manage accounts Statements
Manage accounts BankAmeriDeals®


Pay and Transfer
Payments
Transfers


Budget and Track
My Portfolio®


Get Answers  for your Online Banking questions
Get Answers FAQs









Home
									
Privacy & Security
									
Careers
									
Site Map
									
Advertising Practices

Advertising Practices
We strive to provide you with information about products and services you might find interesting and useful. Relationship-based ads and online behavioral advertising help us do that.
Here's how it works: We gather information about your online activities, such as the searches you conduct on our Sites and the pages you visit. This information may be used to deliver advertising on our Sites and offline (for example, by phone, email and direct mail) that's customized to meet specific interests you may have.
If you prefer that we do not use this information, you may opt out of online behavioral advertising. If you opt out, though, you may still receive generic advertising. In addition, financial advisors/Client Managers may continue to use information collected online to provide product and service information in accordance with account agreements.
Also, if you opt out of online behavioral advertising, you may still see ads when you sign in to your account, for example through Online Banking or MyMerrill. These ads are based on your specific account relationships with us.
To learn more about relationship-based ads, online behavioral advertising and our privacy practices, please review the Bank of America Online Privacy Notice and our Online Privacy FAQs.



BankAmeriDeals, My portfolio, Merrill Lynch, Bank of America and the Bank of America logo are registered trademarks of Bank of America Corporation.
Some accounts, services and fees vary from state to state. Please review the Personal Schedule of Fees for your state, also available at your local financial center.
Bank of America, N.A. Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender© 2017 Bank of America Corporation.








Online Bill Pay from Bank of America

Simplify your life with online bill pay. Enroll in Online Banking today to get started with your bill pay needs. 

Bank of America
 bill pay, online bill pay











Small Business Banking Accounts and Services from Bank of America




















skip to sign in
Skip to main content








Personal


Small Business


Wealth Management


Businesses & Institutions


About Us













Please Use JavaScript
You need a web browser that supports JavaScript to use our site. Without it, some pages won’t work as designed.
To make sure JavaScript is turned on, please adjust your browser settings.
 
Browser Help and Tips
 


Close













 Locations Layer




close
 Locations



Locations

Find a financial center or ATM


Go find a Financial center / ATM results



Schedule an appointment


End of layer.



Contact Us


Help






Search Term
















                                You're signed out. Thank you.
                            
Your Online ID is missing. Please try again.
Your Passcode is missing. Please try again.
Secure Sign-in



























Online ID



Passcode



Sign In








Save Online ID



Security & Help







Forgot ID


Forgot Passcode


Enroll







Security & Help

Check your browser address bar to make sure you're on our real website:


www.bankofamerica.com
Green text/shading
Lock icon



Protect yourself from phishing

Your saved Online ID helps us personalize your visit

How we collect and use information









Bankingmenu. Press Enter to access submenu. To move through items press up or down arrow.


Business Checking
Business Savings & CDs
Debit Cards
Credit Cards

Online Banking
Mobile Banking


End of submenu



Business Servicesmenu. Press Enter to access submenu. To move through items press up or down arrow.


Cash Management Tools
Payroll Services
Remote Deposit
Account Permissions
Invoicing and Payments
Tax Services
Health Savings Account


				Online Banking
				 
					Manage your accounts in one simple, integrated view
				

				Merchant Services
				 
					Accept credit and debit cards, gift cards, electronic checks and more
				



End of submenu



Creditmenu. Press Enter to access submenu. To move through items press up or down arrow.


Financing Overview
Credit Cards
Unsecured Line of Credit
Business Line of Credit
Unsecured Loan
Business Loans
Commercial Real Estate


Business Auto Loan
				Get a Recommendation
				 
					Narrow your choices to find the right financing option
				

				Practice Loans
				 
					For dentists, veterinarians, physicians and optometrists
				



End of submenu



Investing menu. Press Enter to access submenu. To move through items press up or down arrow.


Streamline Investing with Merrill Edge
Small Business Retirement
Small Business 401(k)
SEP IRA
SIMPLE IRA

Personal Investing
Individual 401(k)


End of submenu



Learning
						menu. Press Enter to access submenu. To move through items press up or down arrow.


Starting Your Business
Managing Your Business
Growing Your Business
Financing Your Business


				Online Community
				 
					Access small business news, articles & more
				

				Small Business Videos
				 
					Discover tools & services to help your business
				



End of submenu





Bank of America | Home | Small Business








      








Information for:

Select a state
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming

Go and get state information




Please select a state from the dropdown menu to get information about that state's offerings.


OK









Advertising Practices

Advertising Practices
We strive to provide you with information about products and services you might find interesting and useful. Relationship-based ads and online behavioral advertising help us do that.
Here's how it works: We gather information about your online activities, such as the searches you conduct on our Sites and the pages you visit. This information may be used to deliver advertising on our Sites and offline (for example, by phone, email and direct mail) that's customized to meet specific interests you may have.
If you prefer that we do not use this information, you may opt out of online behavioral advertising. If you opt out, though, you may still receive generic advertising. In addition, financial advisors/Client Managers may continue to use information collected online to provide product and service information in accordance with account agreements.
Also, if you opt out of online behavioral advertising, you may still see ads when you sign in to your account, for example through Online Banking or MyMerrill. These ads are based on your specific account relationships with us.
To learn more about relationship-based ads, online behavioral advertising and our privacy practices, please review the Bank of America Online Privacy Notice and our Online Privacy FAQs.















      













      













      













      















Get up to $400 for your business



Open an eligible business checking and credit card account and enjoy great features designed to fit a variety of business needs.





$200 checking bonus


$200 statement credit on a credit card










Optimizing cash flow is simple and quick



Business Advantage Credit Line provides an unsecured cash flow solution for longer-term financing of large amounts with competitive interest rates.





Learn more about a Business Advantage Credit Line















Popular links







Get the Mobile Banking appGet the NEW Mobile Banking app 



Schedule an appointmentSchedule an appointment 



Open an accountOpen an account 



Order business checksOrder business checks 



Online banking in QuickBooks®Online banking in QuickBooks® 












Your news & information


Small business lending


 Our recommendation tool can help you find the right financing 






Make an appointment


 You can meet with a small business specialist by phone or in person 






Small Business Owner Report


 U.S. small business owners' confidence in the economy jumps 






Articles, tips & tools


 We can help you start, manage & grow your business 










Online Banking Service Agreement



Investment and insurance products:




Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value


Are Not Deposits
Are Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency
Are Not a Condition to Any Banking Service or Activity




Merrill Edge, available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated ("MLPF&S"), consists of Merrill Edge Advisory Center (investment guidance) or self-directed online investing.
MLPF&S is a registered broker-dealer, Member SIPC and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.
Insurance products are offered through Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc., Bank of America, N.A. and/or Banc of America Insurance Services, Inc., all of which are licensed insurance agencies and wholly-owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.





Locations


Contact Us


Help


Careers


Privacy & Security


Site Map



Bank of America, N.A. Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender© 2017 Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






























Bank of America NA: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















bank of america na
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Banking
Sub-Industry: Banks
Bank of America National Association operates as a bank. The Bank accepts deposits, makes loans, and provides other financial and investment services for the public. Bank of America serves individual and institutional customers throughout the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

100 North Tryon Street
Charlotte, NC 28255-0001
United States


Phone:
1-704-386-5000


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.bankofamerica.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

































 



Bank of America

























More products. More convenience. More ways to bank.

When you have multiple products and services, you’ll enjoy rewards and benefits unique to Bank of America customers.





Get a $100 cash rewards bonus offer

Start earning cash back on all your purchases with the BankAmericard Cash Rewards™ credit card. Plus learn how you can earn a $100 cash rewards bonus.
Learn more





Download the Mobile Banking app

Help stay in control of your accounts from almost anywhere.






Please select device.
Select your device


Select your device
iPhone
iPad
Android




Enter cell number:


Please enter your mobile phone number.


Cell phone area code - three digits number required

Cell phone prefix - three digits number required

Cell phone line number - four digits number required

Get App button



By providing your mobile number you are consenting to receive a text message. Text message fees may apply from your carrier. Text messages may be transmitted automatically.
By clicking "Get the app", you’re going to be taken to your app store.  Just a reminder — your app store site has its own privacy and security policies.





Thank You


            A message was sent to your
### at
            ###




Thank You


            The iTunes App Store is open in a new browser tab.
            Please download the App in the iTunes App Store.
        





Baby steps or big steps, we’re with you every step of the way

Schedule time to talk with a banking specialist, with same day appointments available in many locations.
Learn more







Find the right products that fit your needs and lifestyle








Get the Mobile Banking app to bank on the go
Check balances, deposit checksFootnote 1, send moneyFootnote 2 and more
You can also enroll in Online Banking Link opens in a new window to bank on your time.


Get App
By clicking "Get App", you're going to be taken to your app store. Just a reminder — your app store site has its own privacy and security polices.



Looking for online banking?
Log in






Checking
Convenient, secure access and rewarding features, such as cash back deals.Convenient, secure access and rewarding features, such as cash back deals.
More details

Get started



Credit Card
Credit Cards With No Annual Fee. Find the one that's right for you.
More details

Get started



Home Loans
Knowledgeable lending specialists, from application through closing.
More details

Get started



Small Business
A wide range of solutions for your business.
More details

Get started



Investments
Streamline your investing with Merrill Edge®.
More details

Get started





Checking
Convenient, secure access and rewarding features, such as cash back deals.
Convenient, secure access and rewarding features, such as cash back deals.
Checking Get started



Online only offer: Get $100 for a new, eligible checking account with qualifying direct deposits. Learn MoreGet a debit card with chip technologyFootnote 1Footnote 1 and $0 Liability Guarantee on fraudulent transactionsFootnote 2Footnote 2Set up customizable email and text alertsFootnote 3Footnote 3 to notify you of potential suspicious activityHave 24/7 access with Online and Mobile BankingFootnote 4Footnote 4If you misplace your debit card, temporarily lock it to help prevent unauthorized transactions.Footnote 5Footnote 5Get up to 15% on cash back deals at shops and restaurantsFootnote 6Footnote 6Access conveniently located ATMs and financial centers
Plus, multiple savings account options, including Rewards Money Market Savings accounts



Online only offer: Get $100 for a new, eligible checking account with qualifying direct deposits. Learn MoreGet a debit card with chip technologyFootnote 1Footnote 1 and $0 Liability Guarantee on fraudulent transactionsFootnote 2Footnote 2Set up customizable email and text alertsFootnote 3Footnote 3 to notify you of potential suspicious activityHave 24/7 access with Online and Mobile BankingFootnote 4Footnote 4If you misplace your debit card, temporarily lock it to help prevent unauthorized transactions.Footnote 5Footnote 5Get up to 15% on cash back deals at shops and restaurantsFootnote 6Footnote 6Access conveniently located ATMs and financial centers
Plus, multiple savings account options, including Rewards Money Market Savings Account






Credit Card
Credit Cards With No Annual Fee. Find the one that's right for you.


Get a
$100
online bonus offer


Credit Card Get started


BankAmericard Cash Rewards™ credit card
$150 online bonus offer1% cash back everywhere, every time, 2% cash back at grocery stores and wholesale clubs and 3% cash back on gas for the first $2,500 in combined grocery/wholesale club/gas purchases each quarterNo changing categoriesNo expiration on rewards10% customer bonus offer







Home Loans
Knowledgeable lending specialists, from application through closing.
Home Loans Get started



Stay confident from application to closing with help from our experienced lending specialistsApply for a competitive interest rate on a purchase or refinance loanTrack your application, upload and sign documents and more with our online Home Loan Navigator™. (Not available on certain loan typesHome Loans Footnote 1)Get interest rate discounts on a home equity line of credit







Small Business
A wide range of solutions for your business.


Get a
$200
checking offerFootnote *


Small Business Get started



$200 bonus offerFootnote * for new eligible business checking customers with $1000 in qualifying deposits within 60 days of opening the accountCredit cards - Compare and find the one that's right for your businessEasy retirement solutions for any business from self-employed to large companiesAccept credit and debit cards, gift cards and more with Bank of America Merchant Services







Investments
Streamline your investing with Merrill Edge®.
Investments Get started



See your Merrill Edge® investment and Bank of America® bank accounts with one log-inValidate your investment ideas with easy to use tools, and actionable insights$6.95 per online equity and ETF trade with no balance minimums, no trade minimums. Other fees may apply.Footnote 8Footnote 10 See detailsMerrill Edge Guided Investing—an online investment advisory program that combines the best of online investing with a professionally managed portfolio — all at a low cost




See your Merrill Edge® investment and Bank of America® bank accounts with one log-inValidate your investment ideas with easy to use tools, and actionable insights$6.95 per online equity and ETF trade with no balance minimums, no trade minimums. Other fees may apply.Footnote 8Footnote 10 See detailsMerrill Edge Guided Investing—an online investment advisory program that combines the best of online investing with a professionally managed portfolio — all at a low cost.










Meet Mobile Banking
Get some of your favorite Online Banking features and more—right on your smartphone.
Get app




Boost yourretirement investing
Get up to$600when you invest in a Merrill Edge® account
Learn more



Get $100 for a new, eligible checking account with qualifying direct deposits.
Learn more









Close Popup window


Advertising Practices
We strive to provide you with information about products and services you might find interesting and useful. Relationship-based ads and online behavioral advertising help us do that.
Here's how it works: We gather information about your online activities, such as the searches you conduct on our Sites and the pages you visit. This information may be used to deliver advertising on our Sites and offline (for example, by phone, email and direct mail) that's customized to meet specific interests you may have.
If you prefer that we do not use this information, you may opt out of online behavioral advertising. If you opt out, though, you may still receive generic advertising. In addition, financial advisors/Client Managers may continue to use information collected online to provide product and service information in accordance with account agreements.
Also, if you opt out of online behavioral advertising, you may still see ads when you sign in to your account, for example through Online Banking or MyMerrill. These ads are based on your specific account relationships with us.
To learn more about relationship-based ads, online behavioral advertising and our privacy practices, please review the Bank of America Online Privacy Notice and our Online Privacy FAQs.







You are now leaving a Bank of America page

                By clicking “Continue” you will be taken to a website not affiliated with Bank of America and may offer a different privacy policy and level of security. Bank of America is not responsible for and does not endorse, guarantee or monitor content, availability, viewpoints, products, or services that are offered or expressed on other websites.
            

Continue
Return to Bank of America












Bank of America - Online Business Suite®
















    Bank of America
      
Bank of America




Press Enter to expand navigation 
      	Menu
      









         Payments, invoicing and reporting all in one place with Viewpost®
         
        

          Bank of America is excited to announce an online invoicing and payment system by Viewpost that's ready to help you and your business. It’s just another example of how we work to connect you with the most effective and convenient services, so you can focus on what’s most important—your business.
        

          Viewpost is looking to change the game by helping businesses across the country improve the efficiency and payment speed of business-to-business transactions. With their consolidated, easy-to-use online system, businesses can access Viewpost from a desktop, tablet or smartphone.
        
With Viewpost, you’ll get:





Access on the go



				Viewpost provides an easy-to-use online payments and invoicing tool. It lets you create and send electronic invoices to your customers, receive and pay invoices from suppliers and vendors, as well as track and receive electronic deposits. And since it’s online, you can do all of this almost wherever, whenever it’s best for you.
			




Save time



				Paperless invoices and payments mean you can save time. Your funds are deposited directly into your account, with details sent to your email. Electronic payments also eliminate the cost, risk and inefficiency of paper checks, including managing sensitive account information. Plus, your vendors can track their invoices for better visibility and fewer phone calls you have to respond to. All of these benefits are designed by Viewpost to help you get paid with quick invoicing.
			




Online reporting



				Access your business’ cash flow position right on your desktop, tablet or smartphone. You’ll be able to track or manage your invoices and payments in real time — almost anywhere, anytime. You can also set thresholds to alert you when cash projections are trending low. Plus, you can request early payments of your receivables and offer your customers incentives to encourage early payments.
			




Security & Privacy



				Viewpost watches over your business with security and controls verified and audited by trusted third parties. Your data and the Viewpost network are protected from unauthorized access by a number of defensive measures, including enterprise-strength firewalls, file-level encryption, secured buildings and biometric access controls to the Viewpost data center. You can learn more by visiting the Viewpost website or calling the number below.
			




Syncing simplicity



				Viewpost is easy to adopt and introduce to your business. If you’re using QuickBooks® or Microsoft Dynamics GP®, Viewpost can easily sync up with them. The Viewpost team will guide you through implementation, and setup only takes minutes. Plus, the tool lets you interact with other Viewpost users, all in one place.
			




Sign up today. Call 1.866.283.87041.855.971.2216 to get started.


Click to call
Enroll now in account management. Opens a pop up.











0days left

Go to Viewpost Opens a pop up.









            Viewpost brings visibility, efficiency and simplicity to the everyday exchange of invoices and payments through a secure network designed to empower business owners.
          



Enroll now in account management. Opens a pop up.

            Sign up today. Call 1.866.283.87041.855.971.2216 to get started.
          







Other products & services:


        Payroll Services
      



        Remote Deposit Online
      



        Account Management
      



        Payments and Invoicing by Viewpost®




        Flexible Banking
      






Click to Print steps to Enroll Now.







Close Steps to Enroll Popup

Get started in3 easy steps:





          Sign in
          to Small Business Online Banking. Link opens a new window.
 to Small Business Online Banking.
          



Select your desired services on the Business Services tab.
      


Follow instructions, read agreements and then continue with the enrollment process.
      

Continue  with application. Opens a new window.






Close Online Business Suite Video Popup








Link will open Enroll Now popup window.


Link will go to terms and conditions.







Opens Pricing and Product Details
Opens Pricing and Product Details






Opens popup window to enroll now in 3 easy steps
Click to call

Link opens video transcript






You have reached the end of this section





Close Popup window


Advertising Practices
We strive to provide you with information about products and services you might find interesting and useful. Relationship-based ads and online behavioral advertising help us do that.
Here's how it works: We gather information about your online activities, such as the searches you conduct on our Sites and the pages you visit. This information may be used to deliver advertising on our Sites and offline (for example, by phone, email and direct mail) that's customized to meet specific interests you may have.
If you prefer that we do not use this information, you may opt out of online behavioral advertising. If you opt out, though, you may still receive generic advertising. In addition, financial advisors/Client Managers may continue to use information collected online to provide product and service information in accordance with account agreements.
Also, if you opt out of online behavioral advertising, you may still see ads when you sign in to your account, for example through Online Banking or MyMerrill. These ads are based on your specific account relationships with us.
To learn more about relationship-based ads, online behavioral advertising and our privacy practices, please review the Bank of America Online Privacy Notice and our Online Privacy FAQs.

































Bank of America - Products and Services



















































X























World Finance  » Largest Banks in the World » Bank of America – Products and Services 






Bank of America – Products and Services


The products and services of Bank of America are available in four major domains � personal, wealth management, small business, and businesses and institutions. 










Personal Banking – Products and Services
In the personal banking segment, Bank of America offers the following products and services:

Checking
Student banking
Savings and CDs
Online banking
CREDIT CARDS
Mobile and text banking

The following products are offered in the Borrow section of the personal banking segment:

credit cards
Home equity loans
Mortgage
Auto loans
Refinance

Bank of America offers the products and services mentioned below in the INVESTsection of the personal banking segment:

Merrill Edge Self-DirectedINVESTING
US Trust Private Wealth Management
Merrill Edge Advisory Center
IRAs
Merrill Lynch Wealth Management

The products and services mentioned below are available in the Protect section of Bank of America�s personal banking segment: 






Home, renters and auto insurance
Identity theft protection
Life insurance
Credit protection
Health Savings Accounts

The personal banking customers of Bank of America can avail the following services:

Retirement center
Car research center
Student center
Real estate center

Small Business – Products and Services:
The small business clients of Bank of America can opt from any of the following banking products and services:

Business checking
Online banking
Business savings and CDs
Mobile and text banking
Debit cards
BusinessCREDIT CARDS
Account recommendation

The following business products and services are provided for the small business customers:

Payroll services
Account permissions
Remote deposit
Merchant services
Invoicing
Online tax services
Direct payments
Online Business Suite

The credit facilities mentioned below are provided to the small business enterprises by the Bank of America:

CREDIT CARDSand charge cards
Business leasing
Business loans
Medical and CPA practice loans
Business lines of credit
SBAFINANCING

The following resources are made available to the small business clients of Bank of America: 






Starting a business
Internet/commerce
Sales and marketing
Online community
Legal and insurance
Retirement planning
Technology management

Wealth Management – Products and Services:
The wealth management products and services of Bank of America are provided through Merrill Lynch:

Merrill Edge Self DirectedINVESTING
Wealth Management
Merrill Edge Advisory Center
Private Banking andINVESTMENT Group

Products and Services for Businesses and Institutions
The small and mid sized businesses are offered the following products and services by the Bank of America: 







Commercial banking: Affinity Banking, Merchant Services, Card Solutions, Trade and Supply Chain, and Cash Management
Workplace Benefit Solutions: Retirement and Benefit Plan Services, and Employee Benefit Solutions
FINANCING Asset-Based Lending, EquipmentFINANCE/Leasing, Business Loans and Lines of Credit, Real EstateFINANCING
Research: Global Research
investing Global Institutional Consulting, Private Equity andINVESTMENT Solutions
Global Markets: Rates and Currencies (FX), and Commodities
INVESTMENTBanking: Debt Capital Markets, Mergers and Acquisitions Advisory, and Equity Capital Markets


 
The SMEs can avail the following
Industry Solutions
from the Bank of America:




Accounting
Government
Dealers (Auto, Marine, RV)
Healthcare
Education
Law Firms
Franchises and Restaurants
Not-for-Profit
Security Alarm
Real Estate




 
The major institutions and corporations are provided with the following products and services at the Bank of America:




Global markets: Clearing andFINANCING, Mortgages, Commodities, Prime Brokerage, Credit, Rates and Currencies, Equity Execution Services, and Value-Added Services
investmentBanking: Debt Capital Markets, Mergers and Acquisitions Advisory, and Equity Capital Markets
Research: Global Research
Corporate Banking: Affinity Banking, Merchant Services, Asset-Based Lending Equipment, Trade and Supply Chain, Equipment finance/Leasing, and Treasury Management
investing Global Institutional Consulting, Private Equity, and investment Solutions




 
The following Industry Solutions are offered in this segment:




Consumer and Retail
Global Industries
Energy and Power
Healthcare
Financial Institutions
Real Estate
Financial Sponsors
Technology, Media and Telecommunications
Gaming




 
 
More Information On Banks



Top 10 Investment Banks
Rural Banks


Bank Rate
Rural Credit Cooperative Bank


Discount Rate
Financial Instruments


Statutory Liquidity Ratio
Bank Interest Rate


Banks in USA
Rural Credit


Banks in UK
Rural Credit Cooperatives


Micro-finance
Rural Credit Development


History of Micro finance
Rural Credit Union


Impact of Micro-finance
Cash Reserve Ratio



Last Updated on : 30th July 2013
 



























Largest Banks in the World 
Fifth Third Bank


Deutsche Bank


Compass Bank


Standard Chartered Bank


Central Bank of Sri Lanka


Wachovia Bank


Commercial Banks


Banks in UK


National City Corporation


Citibank


Barclays


Central Bank of Philippines


Central Bank of Brazil


Bank of America


Central Bank of Iraq


Financial Organizations Managed by Central Bank of Iraq


Sky Bank


Central Bank of Oman


Royal Bank of Scotland


Bank of America – Products and Services


Central Bank of Kuwait


Central Bank of Kenya


Central Bank of Nigeria


Central Bank


Bank of New York


Bank of Canada


AmSouth Bank


Key Bank


Chevy Chase Bank


Central Bank Ireland


Central Bank of Egypt


Central Bank of Sri Lanka – Corporate Information


SunTrust Bank


Central Bank of Philippines – Corporate Information


Central Bank of The Bahamas


Central Bank of China


BNP Paribas


Sovereign Bank


Huntington Bank


Harris Bank


Webster Bank


Comerica Bank


Chase Bank


Washington Mutual


ING Group


Central Bank of Malaysia


People’s Bank


WestLB


JPMorgan Chase


Central Bank of Chile


Banco Bradesco


Banks in USA


IBC Bank


TCF Bank


HSBC


Merrick Bank


Credit Agricole

Rural CreditMobile Banking Penetration World wideRural BanksMicrofinanceBank RateMore..









 
 
 
 



















Finance Terms

Statutory Liquidity Ratio
Discount Rate Formula
Financial Institutions
Investment Definition
Meaning of Tax
Capital Market Line (CML)
Return On Investment (ROI)
Merger and Acquisition



Banks

Largest Banks in the World
Top Investment Banks
Barclays Bank
Commercial Banks
Citibank
HSBC
Bank of America
Deutsche Bank



Market

Capital Market
Primary Market
Secondary Market
Bond Market
Bull and Bear Market
Global Financial Market
Stock Market



Companies

Fortune 500 Companies
Marketing Company
IPO process
Top Insurance Companies
Top Software Companies
Top Advertising Companies
Top 10 Brands in the World



Insurance

Insurance Definition
What is Insurance ?
Types of Insurance
Mobile Phone Insurance
Mortgage Insurance
Family Insurance
Insurance Companies in Switzerland
Insurance Companies in France



Recent Topics

Centers of Start up Ecosystems
World Financial Hubs
Top Growing Economies in the World
World listed companies
World Financial Learning Centers
Top 10 Source countries for FDI
World Top Stock Exchanges




About Us
Terms & Copyright
Disclamer
Privacy Policy
Surfing Agreement
Feedback
Sitemap
 










Copyright © 2017 —All Rights Reserved



 



























































Largest Banks in the World | World's Largest Banks 2016




















































X























World Finance  » Largest Banks in the World 






Largest Banks in the World


 





Largest Banks in the World – Banks are a financial intermediary that accept deposits and channel those deposits into lending activities, either directly or through capital markets. They connect customers with capital deficits to customers with capital surpluses. Banks are a pivotal part of the economy and throughout history have played an important part in the global economy’s collapse or success. Some banks have carved a niche for themselves and have emerged as global players due to their market capitalization, total assets, professional workforce, customer services and overseas expansions. 




Banking is generally a highly regulated industry, and government restrictions on financial activities by banks have varied over time and location. The current set of global bank capital standards is called Basel II. In some countries such as Germany, banks have historically owned major stakes in industrial corporations while in other countries such as the United States, banks are prohibited from owning non-financial companies. In Japan, banks are usually the nexus of a cross-share holding entity known as the keiretsu. In Iceland, banks had very light regulation prior to the 2008 collapse. Banks not only help in the growth of the country economy but also give stability to capital market.
The world’s top ten banks come from the United States and China. Of the top ten world’s largest banks, four are Chinese and four belong to the United States. The United Kingdom and Australia account for one bank each.


List of World’s Largest Banks





Rank
Bank
Headquaters
Market Capital, US$b (March 2016)




1
Wells Fargo & Co
San Francisco, California, U.S.
254.19B


2
Industrial & Commercial Bank of China (ICBC)
Beijing, China
226.55B


3
JP Morgan Chase & Co
270 Park Avenue, New York, U.S.
217.79B


4
China Construction Bank
Beijing, China
155.97B


5
Agricultural Bank of China
Beijing, China
155.04B


6
Bank of China
Beijing, China
144.16B


7
Bank of America
North Carolina, U.S.
142.39B


8
HSBC Holdings
London, United Kingdom
128.91B


9
Citigroup Inc
New York City, NY, U.S
126.74B


10
Commonwealth Bank of Australia
Sydney, Australia
99.69B


11
Westpac Banking Corporation
Sydney, Australia
83.53B


12
Royal Bank of Canada
Montreal, Canada
83.36B


13
Toronto­Dominion Bank
Toronto, Canada
77.11B


14
Lloyds Banking Group
25 Gresham Street, London, United Kingdom
73.777


15
Banco Santander
Santander, Spain
71.16B


16
US Bancorp
Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States
70.24B


17
Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG)
Chiyoda, Tokyo, Japan
69.43B


18
Goldman Sachs Group
Manhattan, New York City, New York, U.S.
67.91B


19
UBS Group AG
Basel, Switzerland
65.33B


20
BNP Paribas
Boulevard des Italiens, Paris, France
62.60B


21
China Merchants Bank
Shenzhen, China
59.17B


22
Bank of Nova Scotia (Scotiabank)
Toronto, Ontario, Canada
56.62B


23
Australia & New Zealand Banking (ANZ)
833 Collins Street, Docklands, Melbourne, Australia
56.48B


24
National Australia Bank
Melbourne, Australia
56.27B


25
Bank of Communications
Shanghai, China
55.08B


26
Intesa Sanpaolo
Torre Intesa Sanpaolo, Turin, Italy
51.40B


27
Itau Unibanco Holding
São Paulo, Brazil
51.007


28
Morgan Stanley
New York City, New York, U.S
50.92B


29
Shanghai Pudong Development Bank
Shanghai, China
48.71B


30
HDFC Bank Limited
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
48.45B


31
China Minsheng Banking Corp (CMBC)
Beijing, China
47.67B


32
BBVA
Bilbao, Spain
46.60B


33
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial
Chiyoda, Tokyo, Japan
45.53B


34
Industrial Bank Co
Fuzhou, China
44.48B


35
Nordea Bank
Stockholm, Sweden
44.19B


36
PNC Financial Services
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, U.S
43.30B


37
Banco Bradesco
Osasco, São Paulo, Brazil
40.87B


38
Bank of New York Mellon
New York City, New York, U.S
40.62B


39
Barclays Plc
One Churchill Place, Canary Wharf, London, England, United Kingdom
40.60B


40
Mizuho Financial Group
Chiyoda, Tokyo, Japan
39.95B


41
China Citic Bank
Hong Kong, China
39.41B


42
Royal Bank of Scotland Group
Edinburgh, Scotland, United Kingdom
38.94B


43
Bank of Montreal (BMO)
Toronto, Canada
38.05B


44
Capital One Financial
Tysons Corner, Virginia, U.S.
37.46B


45
Charles Schwab
San Francisco, California, U.S.
37.24B


46
Sberbank of Russia
Moscow, Russia
36.43B


47
Societe Generale
Paris, France
33.02B


48
Hang Seng Bank
83 Des Voeux Road, Central, Hong Kong
32.49B


49
Credit Agricole SA
Montrouge, France
31.36B


50
Credit Suisse Group
Paradeplatz 8 Zürich, Switzerland
31.18B




 
Source: relbanks.com 





Following is the list of World’s Largest Banks ranked according to total Assets and market capitalization:
# Wells Fargo & Co
One of the premier banks in the United States, Wells Fargo and Company is rated as the largest bank in the world in terms of market capitalization, as of March 2016. It is also rated as the second largest bank in services such as debit cards, deposits and home mortgage servicing. Wells Fargo and Company made it to the 7th spot on the 2016 Forbes Magazine Global list of the world’s largest public companies. It also bagged the 27th spot on the Fortune 500 list of the largest companies in the United States.
Other laurels that the bank has bagged include the world’s 7th most respected company and the world’s 22nd most admired company. Wells Fargo and Company is based in San Francisco, which is based in the US state of California. As of March 2016, the market capitalization of the bank stood at $254.19 billion.
# Industrial & Commercial Bank of China (ICBC)
Based in Beijing, Industrial & Commercial Bank of China is the second largest in the world in terms of market capitalization, as of March 2016. Along with the Bank of China, Agricultural Bank of China, and China Construction Bank, ICBC is counted among the ‘Big Four’ state-owned commercial banks. A relatively new bank, Industrial & Commercial Bank of China was founded on January 1, 1984. 





The bank has achieved the distinction of bagging the first rank in both the Banker’s Top 1000 World Banks ranking, and the Forbes Global 2000 list of the world’s biggest public companies. As of March 2016, the market capitalization of the bank stood at $226.55 billion.
# JP Morgan Chase & Co 





The third largest bank in terms of Market capitalization, as of March 2016, is JP Morgan Chase & Co. Based in New York City, the United States, JP Morgan Chase & Co is a premium bank providing financial services. One of the most prominent banks in the United States, JP Morgan Chase & Co has carved a solid reputation around the world and has been rated by the Forbes magazine as the 6th largest public company based upon a composite ranking in the world. As of 2016, the market capitalization of the bank stood at $217.79 billion.
# China Construction Bank
A prominent bank with its headquarters in Xicheng District, Beijing, the China Construction Bank is one of the big four banks of the country. Standing 4th on the list of the world’s largest banks according to market capitalization, the bank has a strong presence in China with around 13,629 domestic branches. Its overseas branches are based in Luxembourg, Barcelona, New York City, Melbourne, Frankfurt, Auckland, Johannesburg, Sydney, Seoul, Singapore, Tokyo and Hong Kong. Apart from this, China Construction Bank also has a wholly owned subsidiary in London, the United Kingdom. As of March 2016, the bank’s market capitalization was around $155.97 billion.
# Agricultural Bank of China
Founded in 1951, Agricultural Bank of China is a Beijing based bank. A part of the Big Four banks of China, the bank has a strong presence around the world and has branches in Hong Kong, London (UK), Tokyo (Japan), New York (The US), Frankfurt (Germany), Sydney (Australia), Seoul (South Korea), and Singapore. In 2015, Agricultural Bank of China was placed at the third spot in Forbes’ 13th annual Global 2000 ranking of the biggest, most powerful and most valuable companies in the world. As of 2016, the bank’s market was $155.04 billion.
# Bank of China
Another Chinese bank that has made it to the list of the world’s largest banks according to market capitalization is the Bank of China. Based in Xicheng District, Beijing, the bank was established in 1912. It is the sixth largest bank by market capitalization. The bank has been estimated to have the third highest proportion of interest payable of Chinese companies as of 2015.
# Bank of America
Bank of America is headquartered in the city of Charlotte in North Carolina. As of 2016, the bank’s market capitalization stands at $142.39 billion. It is also the 26th largest company in the United States by revenue as of 2016. The bank has around 210,516 employees who work at its various offices around the world.
# HSBC Holdings
HSBC is a British multinational and financial services company. Headquartered in London, the United Kingdom, HSBC’s market capitalization, as of March 2016, stood at $128.91billion. HSBC has a wide presence around the world with some 6,000 offices in 71 countries and territories. As of 2014, around 266,273 employees were working at its various offices around the world.
# Citigroup Inc
Based in Manhattan, New York, Citibank is an American multinational investment banking and financial services company. It was founded on June 16, 1812. As of March 2016, Citibank’s market capitalization was $126.74 billion. In the Fortune 500 list of 2016, Citigroup ranked 29th in size. As of 2015, Citibank had a workforce of 239,000 employed at its various offices around the world.
# Commonwealth Bank of Australia
An Australian bank with its headquarters in Sydney, the Commonwealth Bank of Australia is one of the Big Four Banks of the country. With a market capitalization of $99.69 billion as of March 2016, the bank operates in New Zealand, the United Kingdom, USA, Asia, and Fiji. As of 2016, the bank had 45,129 employees.

Top 10 Banks in the World in 2015




Rank
Bank
Country
Total Assets, US$b




1
Industrial & Commercial Bank of China
China
3427


2
China Construction Bank Corp
China
2831


3
Agricultural Bank of China
China
2745


4
Bank of China
China
2595


5
Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group
Japan
2456


6
HSBC Holdings
UK
2410


7
JPMorgan Chase & Co
US
2352


8
BNP Paribas
France
2180


9
Bank of America
US
2144


10
China Development Bank
China
1898



 
More Information On Banks



Top 10 Investment Banks
Rural Banks


Bank Rate
Rural Credit Cooperative Bank


Discount Rate
Financial Instruments


Statutory Liquidity Ratio
Bank Interest Rate


Banks in USA
Rural Credit


Banks in UK
Rural Credit Cooperatives


Micro-finance
Rural Credit Development


History of Micro finance
Rural Credit Union


Impact of Micro-finance
Cash Reserve Ratio



Last Updated on : 21st September 2016



























Largest Banks in the World 
Fifth Third Bank


Deutsche Bank


Compass Bank


Standard Chartered Bank


Central Bank of Sri Lanka


Wachovia Bank


Commercial Banks


Banks in UK


National City Corporation


Citibank


Barclays


Central Bank of Philippines


Central Bank of Brazil


Bank of America


Central Bank of Iraq


Financial Organizations Managed by Central Bank of Iraq


Sky Bank


Central Bank of Oman


Royal Bank of Scotland


Bank of America – Products and Services


Central Bank of Kuwait


Central Bank of Kenya


Central Bank of Nigeria


Central Bank


Bank of New York


Bank of Canada


AmSouth Bank


Key Bank


Chevy Chase Bank


Central Bank Ireland


Central Bank of Egypt


Central Bank of Sri Lanka – Corporate Information


SunTrust Bank


Central Bank of Philippines – Corporate Information


Central Bank of The Bahamas


Central Bank of China


BNP Paribas


Sovereign Bank


Huntington Bank


Harris Bank


Webster Bank


Comerica Bank


Chase Bank


Washington Mutual


ING Group


Central Bank of Malaysia


People’s Bank


WestLB


JPMorgan Chase


Central Bank of Chile


Banco Bradesco


Banks in USA


IBC Bank


TCF Bank


HSBC


Merrick Bank


Credit Agricole

Rural CreditMobile Banking Penetration World wideRural BanksMicrofinanceBank RateMore..









 
 
 
 



















Finance Terms

Statutory Liquidity Ratio
Discount Rate Formula
Financial Institutions
Investment Definition
Meaning of Tax
Capital Market Line (CML)
Return On Investment (ROI)
Merger and Acquisition



Banks

Largest Banks in the World
Top Investment Banks
Barclays Bank
Commercial Banks
Citibank
HSBC
Bank of America
Deutsche Bank



Market

Capital Market
Primary Market
Secondary Market
Bond Market
Bull and Bear Market
Global Financial Market
Stock Market



Companies

Fortune 500 Companies
Marketing Company
IPO process
Top Insurance Companies
Top Software Companies
Top Advertising Companies
Top 10 Brands in the World



Insurance

Insurance Definition
What is Insurance ?
Types of Insurance
Mobile Phone Insurance
Mortgage Insurance
Family Insurance
Insurance Companies in Switzerland
Insurance Companies in France



Recent Topics

Centers of Start up Ecosystems
World Financial Hubs
Top Growing Economies in the World
World listed companies
World Financial Learning Centers
Top 10 Source countries for FDI
World Top Stock Exchanges




About Us
Terms & Copyright
Disclamer
Privacy Policy
Surfing Agreement
Feedback
Sitemap
 










Copyright © 2017 —All Rights Reserved



 

























































Our Lines of Business | Careers at Bank of America - Careers - Bank of America 




Skip to main content
Menu








Our Business
Go to Search Jobs  : Get started/Apply now >
Select a business


Overview


Global Wealth & Investment Management


The Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Group


Retail and Preferred & Small Business


Global Risk Management


Corporate Audit


Corporate Security


Global Banking & Markets


Global Marketing & Corporate Affairs


Global Human Resources


Global Technology & Operations


Mortgage (Legacy Asset Servicing)


Legal


Bank of America Merchant Services, LLC




Overview
Bank of America provides financial products and services for our customers and clients throughout the United States.
To find out where you might best fit within Bank of America, we invite you to read an overview of each of our businesses.


Global Wealth & Investment Management 
Global Wealth & Investment Management (GWIM) provides comprehensive wealth management to affluent and high-net-worth clients. We also provide retirement and benefit plan services, philanthropic management and asset management to individuals and institutions.
GWIM is committed to promoting an inclusive environment where all employees have the opportunity to achieve personal success and contribute to our company. Visit our GWIM Diversity & Inclusion site to learn more.
Our clients have access to a range of services offered through the following businesses:
Merrill Lynch Global Wealth and Retirement Solutions delivers high quality investment advice and guidance, and product capabilities to external clients and internal businesses.  Investment solutions include equity, debt and structured products, alternative investments and investment management solutions for client portfolios. This group also provides administration, recordkeeping, custodial, communications, consulting and execution services to approximately 40,000 workplace-based benefit plans.
Merrill Lynch Wealth Management provides clients with a personalized financial review, hands-on advice and guidance through a network of approximately 15,000 Financial Advisors throughout the world. Clients with a personal wealth profile of at least $250,000 of investable assets can meet with a highly trained Merrill Lynch Financial Advisor who is committed to understanding their needs and supported by the broad resources of Merrill Lynch.
Private Banking and Investment Group provides tailored solutions to meet the sophisticated needs of ultra-high net worth individuals. Our clients are served by over 150 Private Wealth Advisor teams across the country, along with a team of specialists in areas such as investment management, concentrated stock management and inter-generational wealth transfer strategies. 
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management, provides comprehensive investment and wealth management solutions to wealthy and ultra-wealthy clients with investable assets of $3 million or more. Our company has 4,400 associates serving clients in more than 140 offices in 32 states across the country.
Chief Operating Officer, GWIM, creates and drives business and strategic planning across lines of business within GWIM and works outside of GWIM on key cross-organizational strategies and projects. 
Merrill Edge
Merrill Edge is among the fastest-growing brokerages with strong asset growth. Merrill Edge brings together access to the banking convenience of Bank of America and investment capabilities of Merrill Lynch to simplify the financial lives of clients. Clients have a choice of managing their own investments using Merrill Edge’s online and mobile platforms or working with one of the Merrill Edge Financial Solutions Advisors in select Bank of America branches or over the phone to meet their financial goals. J.D. Power and Associates recognized Merrill Edge call centers in 2013 for providing “An Outstanding Customer Service Experience” for the second year in a row. We are looking for successful individuals with proven financial, sales and relationship-building skills to join our program.
The Consumer Academy at Bank of America
The Consumer Academy is our training and career path curriculum that equips associates with all of the resources they need to succeed in their careers, including clear and distinct career paths to follow.
Visit The Consumer Academy page to learn more.
View the Merrill Edge Academy video to learn more about Merrill Edge and the Merrill Edge Academy. 






		  Your browser doesn't support HTML5 video tag.
		



The Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Group 
The Chief Financial Officer Group encompasses finance functions including Balance Sheet and Capital Management, Finance, Accounting, Corporate Treasury, Investor Relations and Corporate Investments.
• Balance Sheet and Capital Management partners closely with our lines of business, control partners and business support functions to ensure execution of capital-related priorities.  This approach to Bank of America’s capital management process ensures the efficient and proactive management of economic and regulatory capital as well as the successful implementation of related initiatives.• The Chief Accounting Officer group includes the Corporate Controller and oversees the business controllers and has a team providing finance support to Corporate Treasury, the Chief Investment Officer and Global Principal Investments. In addition, this team includes dedicated functions that deal with federal and state taxes; SEC and bank regulatory reporting; accounting policies; and securitizations.• The Global Infrastructure Finance team provides financial reporting and controls for support teams across the organization. Responsibilities include strategic financial planning, forecasting and analysis processes; oversight of the internal control environment; financial reporting; and strategic cost measurement. • The Line of Business Finance teams – Consumer Finance; Global Banking and Markets Finance; and Global Wealth and Investment Management Finance – provide strategic counsel and analysis to the lines of business, are responsible for executing all core finance functions and key control processes to ensure the integrity of financial results. The teams monitor and offer insight on appropriate market metrics for the business, helping to drive the business to deliver its financial commitments and contributing to the overall strategy. The Finance teams also ensure appropriate financial rigor is in place for all strategic initiatives.• Corporate Treasury is responsible for providing world-class management of the company’s interest rate and liquidity risks using a state-of-the-art framework for balancing the tradeoffs between risk and return. Treasury's primary responsibilities include funding the company’s balance sheet, forecasting net interest income, managing relationships with rating agencies and fixed income investors, and analyzing interest rate and liquidity risks.• Global Principal Investments (GPI) invests capital and manages investments on behalf of the enterprise to enhance strategic growth opportunities and generate returns.• The Chief Investment Officer team manages the activities of the Corporate Investments Group and is responsible for ensuring that its actions are consistent with the policy, guidelines and direction of the Finance Committee and Asset Liability Risk Management Committee. The CIO has discretion in implementing the portfolio strategy to optimize execution and returns as market conditions allow.• Investor Relations creates and implements programs to keep the financial community current on company performance and industry trends.


Retail and Preferred & Small Business
Each day, Bank of America's Retail and Preferred & Small Business employees are working to make financial lives better for millions of customers and small businesses. These teams are focused on meeting the deposit, borrowing, saving, investment and small business needs of our customers. As the largest business in the company, our Retail and Preferred & Small Business teams serve approximately 51 million consumer households through checking, savings, credit and debit cards, investments, home equity lending and mortgages. Some of the services we provide our customers to meet their financial needs include helping them to acquire their first home and establish credit, paying bills via mobile phone, saving for retirement and funding a small business owner's dream.Careers in our Retail and Preferred & Small Business organization would include positions in the Retail Bank such as financial centers and call centers and in Preferred & Small Business within Merrill Edge, Home Loans, Consumer Vehicle Lending, Preferred Sales, and Small Business.
The Consumer Academy at Bank of America
Your first step to a long term career path
The Consumer Academy is our training and career path curriculum that equips associates with all of the resources they need to succeed in their careers, including clear and distinct career paths to follow. The Consumer Academy focuses specifically on career paths within our Retail and Preferred & Small Business line of business. 
Learn more  about the Consumer Academy at Bank of America 


Global Risk Management
At Bank of America, managing risk is foundational to our business and our ability to serve our customers, clients, communities, shareholders and employees. This relies on the sound judgment of every employee across the company regardless of where you work or what role you have. When we all take personal ownership for risk management and help one another succeed, it contributes to the strength and sustainability of our company.
The Global Risk Management organization is responsible for overseeing the company’s strategy and governance for risk management, maintaining relationships with regulators and supervisory institutions worldwide, and promoting a bank culture where risk is always top of mind.
Global Risk Management is comprised of:

Enterprise Risk teams who work collaboratively across the company to establish companywide risk management policies, standards and programs; and who also monitor and report on systematic and emerging risk issues.
Business and Regional Risk teams who work collaboratively across the company to oversee and monitor risk management policies, controls and governance specific to the bank’s eight lines of businesses and support functions.
Global Compliance teams who work collaboratively across the company to assess compliance risk and monitor adherence to applicable laws, rules and regulations across the bank’s eight lines of business and support functions.

Whether you work in Risk Management or any other area of the company, we look to you to identify risks in all activities throughout the company, escalate concerns about risks that pose a threat to the company; and discuss, debate and analyze concerns so that decisions can be made that lead to better outcomes. 
 


Corporate Audit
Corporate Audit is a global team responsible for providing independent assessments of business activities throughout Bank of America. The group supports how the company manages risk by determining whether controls over key risks are in place and functioning properly. Corporate Audit also makes recommendations to management in support of Bank of America's strategies and business objectives. Our Corporate Audit team reports directly to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors to maintain independence.
Our Credit Review team provides an independent assessment of credit risk and the quality of credit processes. These assessments are provided to executive management of the Board of Directors, regulators and other stakeholders.


Corporate Security
Global Corporate Security protects Bank of America, its employees, customers and assets from a variety of threats and increasing risks we face across the globe. Through an intelligence-driven, prevention-focused program, our Background Screening Investigations, Protective Services and Security Operations Analysis Command Center (SOACC) business groups provide a safe and secure environment for employees and customers worldwide, protect the Bank of America brand, minimize risk and exposure from both current and emerging threats, and consistently deliver excellent service and results.


Global Banking & Markets
Whether raising capital in Singapore or hedging currencies in Frankfurt, Bank of America Merrill Lynch can do more for our clients than any other financial services firm. We understand the challenges our clients face around the world, and we use the full resources of our company to help them achieve their goals. Our solutions span the complete range of advisory, capital raising, banking, treasury and liquidity, sales and trading, and research capabilities.
Our Global Banking & Markets division serves mid- to large-sized corporations and institutional clients worldwide. It is comprised of Business Banking, Global Commercial Banking, Global Corporate & Investment Banking, Global Markets and Wholesale Credit. Aligned with these client-facing groups are Global Capital Markets and Global Research.
Global Markets
Global Markets offers sales and trading services, including research, to institutional clients across fixed-income, credit, currency, and commodity and equity businesses. Global Markets product coverage includes securities and derivative products in both the primary and secondary markets. 
Global Markets provides market-making, financing, securities clearing, settlement and custody services globally to our institutional investor clients in support of their investing and trading activities. We also work with our commercial and corporate clients to provide risk management products using interest rate, equity, credit, currency and commodity derivatives, foreign exchange, fixed-income and mortgage-related products. 
Global Research
More than 700 professionals in our award-winning Global Research organization support the institutional sales and trading teams and their clients. Their expertise is at the core of the value delivered to investor clients. Our research analysts provide insightful, objective and decisive research designed to enable their clients to make informed investment decisions in six primary disciplines and Corporate Access:

Global Equities
Global Credit Research & GEM Fixed Income Strategy
Global Equity Strategy
Global Economics
Global Commodities
Global Rates and Currencies

Global Corporate & Investment Banking (GCIB)
Global Corporate & Investment Banking focuses on building long-term relationships with more than 5,000 large U.S. and multinational corporations, financial institutions and financial sponsors. We provide strong advisory expertise, capitalizing on powerful mergers and acquisitions, corporate banking, treasury, debt and equity underwriting to deliver integrated financial solutions.
In addition to Investment Banking and Capital Markets, GCIB is made of three businesses:

Global Corporate Banking includes both Corporate Banking coverage officers, as well as the product development and delivery capabilities that are part of Global Transaction Services. We’re bringing together corporate bankers, product delivery officers and the product development teams to help us fully integrate corporate banking product capabilities with our client coverage model, further pulling the business together end-to-end in partnership with investment banking.
Global Transaction Services (GTS): The Global Transaction Services business provides liquidity management, payments and receipts, trade and supply chain finance, foreign exchange and commercial card services to three million small businesses, thousands of middle market companies, and to multinational corporations, financial institutions and governments around the world.
Global Leasing: Global Leasing provides equipment finance solutions to more than 62,000 clients worldwide -- small businesses, middle-market companies, large corporations and government entities. Leasing offers product expertise in wholesale vendor financing as well as tailored programs specific to industry segments, including aviation, healthcare, energy services and renewable energy. The team includes employees with a wide range of skills and expertise, including sales originators, syndicators, attorneys, accountants, appraisers, credit underwriters, contract administrators and equipment managers.

Global Commercial Banking (GCB)
Global Commercial Banking serves approximately 20,000 companies – that’s one in three U.S. companies with annual revenues of $50 million to more than $2 billion. GCB serves primarily U.S. and Canadian clients, working to deliver a full suite of financial solutions, including the international needs of our clients’ overseas subsidiaries.
GCB is organized by industry and geography, to deliver both local coverage and industry expertise. Our unique client coverage model and close partnerships with other businesses in Global Banking & Markets plus Global Wealth & Investment Management and Consumer Banking and Small Business, enable our commercial client teams to seamlessly deliver all of the company’s capabilities as integrated solutions.
Global Commercial Banking includes:

Bank of America Business Capital
Commercial Real Estate Banking
Global Credit Products
Middle Market Banking
Specialized Industries (Health & Institutions, Commercial Dealer Financial Services, Sports Finance and Middle Market Financial Sponsors)

Business Banking
Business Banking serves nearly 40,000 mid-sized U.S. based companies, generally with annual revenues between $5 million and $50 million, by delivering strategic financial advice and solutions to help companies grow, improve cash flow, manage U.S. and international payments, and invest for the future.
Organized by geography, our dedicated US based client management teams work closely with partners across the enterprise to deliver a wide range of financial solutions, including credit, cash management, foreign exchange, equipment finance and merchant services.
Since many business owners and entrepreneurs often find their personal wealth closely intertwined with their business finances, Business Banking client managers connect clients with personal wealth management specialists in U.S Trust and Merrill Lynch, who offer employer 401k solutions and succession planning.
Wholesale Credit
Wholesale Credit is an integrated underwriting, monitoring and product management division servicing wholesale businesses in Business Banking, Global Commercial Banking and Global Corporate & Investment Banking. It interfaces with an aligned, single fulfillment and servicing function, supported by an independent risk management approval function. The business facilitates a streamlined local delivery of credit that improves the customer experience and enhances employee productivity.

 Global Loan Products (GLP): Global Loan Products is responsible for driving improved performance of GCIB’s loan exposure and capital, including pricing, profitability and returns, as well as utilization and allocation of the balance sheet across the business.



Global Marketing & Corporate Affairs
The mission of Global Marketing & Corporate Affairs (GM&CA) is to proactively build, advance and protect the Company’s brand, interests and reputation globally. GM&CA is comprised of the following teams:

Consumer Marketing is responsible for marketing and analytics, operations for online and mobile platforms as well as the design, development and delivery of digital user experiences through Online Banking.
Enterprise Marketing and Local Delivery manages the bank’s brand through a Market President Network that integrates businesses, brand activities and corporate social responsibility activities with the aim of delivering one company locally to customers, clients and communities.
Global Corporate Communications and Public Policy is responsible for internal and external communications that promote and protect the Bank of America brand and positively influence the attitudes and behaviors of key audiences, including employees, the media, legislators and customers.
Global Corporate Social Responsibility leads efforts to improve our neighborhoods and create and maintain sustainable and profitable business practices that benefit employees, stakeholders and the communities that we serve through the Bank of America Charitable Foundation. This includes programs supporting arts and culture; Community Development Financial Institutions; Community Reinvestment Act and Low and Moderate Income programs; Community Affairs and Environmental programs.
Global Wealth and Investment Management Marketing provides comprehensive, integrated programs covering the Global Wealth and Investment Management business, including U.S. Trust, Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, Merrill Lynch Private Banking and Investment Group, Global Wealth and Retirement Solutions and Global Wealth Banking.

Our integrated structure ensures strong, coordinated and strategic management of communications activities with customers, employees and shareholders.


Global Human Resources 
We recognize that talented, engaged and satisfied employees are the foundation to help make the financial lives of our customers and clients better. Our Global Human Resources (GHR) team is focused on making Bank of America a great place for people to work by creating an environment where all employees have the opportunity to achieve their goals. We align human resources strategy to the business strategy, enabling the company to connect with customers and clients by attracting, developing and retaining a world-class workforce.
In addition to advising our clients on a wide variety of topics, our GHR team helps the company provide comprehensive and competitive benefits, development opportunities and an inclusive workplace for our employees worldwide. GHR employees must display strong business acumen, strategic partnership skills and a commitment to realizing the power of our people. Our HR teams consist of Global Talent Acquisition, Global Mobility, Global Learning, Leadership Development, Diversity and Inclusion, Advisory Services, HR Business Controls, Compensation and Benefits.


Global Technology & Operations
With more than 110,000 employees and contractors in 34 countries, Global Technology & Operations (GT&O) delivers technology and operating services that form the backbone of the company’s retail, commercial and institutional businesses, as well as its key support functions.
A leader in technology
GT&O’s technology professionals benefit from billions of dollars the company invests annually to develop and deploy leading-edge technology in areas such as:

Mobile and online banking
Payments processing
Technology infrastructure
Cybersecurity
Risk and capital management
Enterprise data management

A leader in operations
GT&O’s operations professionals provide operating and fulfillment services that sustain the company’s industry-leading businesses. Several client contact centers are perennial winners of J.D. Power & Associates recognition for “customer satisfaction excellence,” including the Merrill Lynch Retirement Services contact center, the Corporate and Commercial Banking contact center and the Merrill Edge contact center.
Innovation
In GT&O, our team expects excellence, rewards high performance, develops its leaders, encourages innovation, demands integrity, cultivates trust and teamwork, and promotes diversity and inclusion. That culture, combined with market leadership and a wide array of professional opportunities, enables GT&O to attract and retain the brightest minds in the business.
A business culture built on diversity and inclusion
Valuing our differences – in thought, style, sexual orientation, gender identity, culture, ethnicity and experience – is central to our values and makes us stronger as a company. To build a diverse team, we respect every individual, and strive to help our employees reach their full potential.
In addition to supporting the many company-wide employee networks that promote diversity and inclusion, GT&O supports advisory councils and forums designed to ensure diversity and inclusion by encouraging development, outreach and networking, including:

Women in Technology & Operations
GT&O Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender (LGBT) Advisory Council
GT&O Black Leadership Advisory Council
GT&O Hispanic/Latino Advisory Council
GT&O Military Advisory Council

 
 
 
 


Mortgage (Legacy Asset Servicing)
Bank of America Legacy Asset Servicing is dedicated to addressing the special needs of distressed mortgage customers, and is committed to delivering fair, fast and final resolution to their situation. We provide solutions that range from loan modifications to foreclosure alternatives such as short sales and deeds in lieu; and in cases where foreclosure is unavoidable; we offer specialized support services to borrowers who must transition out of their home. We’re committed to hiring top talent to join our team and help provide the best possible customer experience.


Legal
The Legal Department is comprised of attorneys, paralegals and support staff located across the globe that manage the bank’s legal affairs and legal risks. Our Legal Department provides professional legal services for Bank of America and its subsidiaries by addressing legal risks and identifying opportunities for our business partners. As a key control partner for Bank of America, we understand the businesses we support and their ultimate customer, shareholder and employee goals.


Bank of America Merchant Services, LLC
Bank of America Merchant Services is one of the largest electronic payments companies in the industry. Our associates sell products and services to businesses that enable them to accept credit, debit and all other non-cash forms of payment. When you swipe your debit or credit card at the grocery store or gas station, you’re using the products and services that we provide to businesses of all sizes, from your neighborhood dry cleaner to the major retail stores you frequent every day.
Formed in 2009 as a joint venture between Bank of America Corporation and First Data Corporation, we provide clients with transaction speed, security and reliability, point-of-sale devices, gift card and loyalty programs, and transaction trend reporting across a host of retail and eCommerce platforms to merchants of all sizes.
For more information about Bank of America Merchant Services and current career opportunities, please click here.




Join our Talent  Community >




 Learn How We Are Improving Banking 
Our Global Technology team is revolutionizing how we do business at Bank of America.





 Diversity & Inclusion 
We’re committed to attracting, recruiting and retaining diverse talent from across the globe.





 Search Career Events 
Connect with us in person. Find a Career Event we are hosting in your area.















﻿


# Bank Of America Na [Simple!]

































Common Conditions

View All



law school debt statistics
amortization table car loan
direct tax loans kentucky ky
mobile loan loan to payday texas tx
poor credit car loans
fast cash loans today
direct money advances wisconsin wi


cash advance cash advance
auto loan caculator
loan finance.company
my payday loan
loan.companies in austin tx
national direct loans
home loan mortgage va
payday loans phoenix arizona
savings account loans

bad credit payday loans direct lenders
bad credit personal loans 5000
bad credit loans banks
www.loan.com



Featured Topics



450 cash

mortgage home loan calculator



Refer to Offical Site
Partner Site

Unsecured Payday Loan Illinois Il
Bankk Of America
Legit Pay Day Loans
Line Of Credit With Cash Advance
Direct Education
Cash Title Loans
Online Loan Shark
Car Title For Cash
First International Payday Loans
Merrill Login
Home Savings And Loan Online
Direct Loan Servicing Department Of Education
Auto Refinance.companies
Christmas Loans
Payday Loans Richmond Va
Rehab Lender
Actual Loan Lenders
Loans Brownsville Texas
Bankofamreica
First Time Tax Loans Washington Wa
Personal Loans No Credit Check
No Interest Cash888 Colorado Co
Direct Christmas Loans Virginia Va
Cash Until Payday Loans
Mortgages For Manufactured Homes
Ed Dl Gov
No Interest Payday Loan Tonight
Second Chance Payday Loan
Payday Loan Info
Bad Credit Payday Advances Loans California Ca
Borrow And Loan
Guaranteed Unsecured Tax Loans Florida Fl
Consumer Tax Refund Loans Florida Fl
Car Repair Loans For Bad Credit
Real Payday Loans Online
Online Fast Cash
Where To Get Cash Loan Louisiana La
Direct Auto Loans
Loans With Poor Credit History
Www.cash Advance.com
Apple Payday Loan
30 Day Pay Day Loans

Small Business Loans From Banks
Checks Into Cash
Fafsa Direct Loan
Personal Loan Indianapolis Indiana
Borrow Money For Business
Interest Rates On New Cars
Veterans Administration Loan


 Bank Of America NaBY 24HR CASH ADVANCES in Articles 












Offical Site 2


Bank Of America Mortgage Account Sign In
Best Payday Loans Sites
Ace Check Cash Advance
Payday Xpress
Cash Advance No Debit Card
Bank Of Americxa
Getting A Payday Loan
Loans Rates Calculator
Loan Officer Online Training
Home Mortgage Calculator
Interest Free Loan To Payday Washington Wa
Merrill Lynch Mortgages
Refinance Home Mortgages
Payday Advance Houston Tx
Financial Aid Debt
Stafford Loan Consolidation
How To Refinance Car
1 Hour Christmas Loans Kentucky Ky
Mortgage Payment Calulator
Online Loan Application Software
Need Help Paying Off Payday Loans
Debt Consolidation With Bad Credit
Bac Home Loan Service
Pay Day Usa
Consumer Tax Loans South Carolina Sc
Manufactured Home Refinance Rates
Bank Of America Home Loans Account Login
Consumer Money Loan With No Cosigner
Veterans Home
Apply For Money Loan Now
Types Of Car Loans
Nations Bank Corporation
Nak Of America
Us Department Of Education Bill Pay
Cash Advance Business
Payday
Money Borrowing Sites
Cashadvancesnow Us
Think Cash.com
Cash Advances In North Carolina
Bad Credit Loans For Homeowners
Installment Loans By Phone
Payday Loan Services
700cash.com
Fixmycash.com
Mobile Loan Christmas Loans Michigan Mi
Personal Home Loan
Personal Loans Clarksville Tn
Bac Homeloans






Bank Of America Na
Bank Of America Na

			★ Bank Of America Na ★★ Go here to apply for Quick and easy Advance Loan..[ BANK OF AMERICA NA ] Easy Advance Loan in U.s No faxing,Bank Of America Na Go to this page to apply for Fast and easy Payday Advances.  The unsecured financial loans will allow you to in handling the small debts and to get this assist you to will not have to place any safety. Therefore, that's great information for you and you can now get these loans at whenever. Although charge of interest in it would have been a touch high but nevertheless you can stay away from it by choosing anther proper loans. First, you need to find out your situation. If your credit report is over 650, then it's not too bad and you may get a mortgage from numerous loan companies. Possibly even your bank. If your credit score is between 550 and 650, then it is rather poor and your choices would have been a small Bank Of America Na bit more limited to non traditional loan businesses like National General. If your credit score is Bank Of America Na beneath 550, then you have only two options. Another way to obtain a good credit history is to consider at least $1000 and open a 6 thirty day time CD (certification of deposit) account. If you can do more, go for it. Preferably you are Bank Of America Na able to do $5000. Whatever the case, to keep on that approach, a mortgage for $1000, employing that CD as collateral. This is because simple. You're far significantly prone to get authorized for a attached loan than an unsecured loan when youre only beginning out. Now I am aware youre thinking, Just contemplate that $1000 and pay off the loan using the same $1000. But don't stop there. Get the $1000 loan, and open yet another six thirty day period CD account at numerous economic institution. Get yet another loan for the $1000 at the 2nd economic institution. Do this one a lot more time at a third bank  Your credit report card obligations are used first to the economic debt that holds the most affordable APR. For event, if %25 APR applies only to transfers, the obligations you make is likely to be put on that balance initial; buys made that have Bank Of America Na a higher APR, is likely to be repaid final. Also, keep in thoughts that after the introductory time frame is over, the entire balance may revert to the decided on regular APR. Quick Money support offers numerous strong benefits that can boost your business procedure although strengthening client relationships. For instance, it could be faster than economic institution wires and eliminates the time delays and complications of cashing foreign checks. The low, collection for each-transaction charge is normally less than the price of lowering a check and sending it via show courier. And while the globes greatest money transfer system, Fast Money services supplies a trustworthy means of transferring cash every time. Obviously, a lender is a lot more many prone to offer a attached poor credit score mortgage. This type of loan guarantees that they may get at Bank Of America Na least element of their income Bank Of America Na again should you default. There are some unsecured economic loans, but they could be specially difficult to find.			
Offical Site 2
Get Started



Resources for Bank Of America Na

Tingling In Feet DiabetesDiabetes Symptoms Brain Fog Read More
Diabetes Reversal Seminar In MarylandDiabetes Reversal Seminar In Maryland Read More
Atkins Diet For DiabeticsAtkins Diet For Diabetics Read More
Diabetes Foods To Avoid 5 TipsDiabetes Foods To Avoid 5 Tips Read More



Pain Coach for Bank Of America Na





★ Bank Of America Na ★★ Just click here to try to get Easily payday Loan..[ BANK OF AMERICA NA ] Easy Advance Loan in U.s No faxing,Bank Of America Na Fax Payday Cash Advances. Apply Online Now  This is the fantastic rule when it happens to simple loans Bank Of America Na Strong lender -- dont more than borrow! Once you use more on the mortgage, you have to cover a great deal more out of your pocket. If you need $300, acquire $300. Require $400? Then use for a $400 payday loan. Fairly Bank Of America Na easy concept, right? It is quite simple to loans regular obligations via these 3 figures. The complete house loan charge can increase with such mortgage financial loans. Home loan adjustment ideas may be beneficial to save the cash. Economic institution of America is one of the key US house loan companies. There will come a period if you want income and you have nowhere to turn to. Your bank account is exhausted, your savings account reaches zero, and your budget only has enough to get you through the 7 days. Your payday is nevertheless a 7 days absent and an emergency got up. Exactly where would you look Bank Of America Na for money?  Dont access extra money, also when it Bank Of America Na is offered. Once the rapid money lender financial loans you far more, it is capable to cost you a great deal more charges. Consequently, you must just borrow the total amount of money that you fully require. Do not borrow more! You do not should do any report operates for verification. Your confirmation will be approved via on the web or phone and also number credit verify dependence on these Bank Of America Na loans. Therefore these loans are incredibly great for bed credit rating record people also and you may not spend a time for this. So you've no need to invest your time and energy to organize any collateral documents or either. Most of us are conscious of our breaks costs and following finance payments therefore we typically make because of it in advance. Usually it is the money quantities within our financial institution accounts which stop people type this kind of expenditures. But, a few of the persons mightn't be capable to provide Bank Of America Na with specific charge (sometimes for their monetary dilemmas or due to an urgent requirement.) what actually that urgent requisite is? It is essential how to deal with it.
Download
Offical Site 3











Skip to content


Check Your Symptoms
Find A Doctor



Sign In
Sign Up
Subscribe




My Profile
Welcome 



My Tools
My WebMD Pages
My Account
Sign Out














Bank Of America Na Featured Content




Diabetes Management Education For Providers



Allergy App



★ Bank Of America Na ★★ Get payday Lending in The united states Instant Approval.[ BANK OF AMERICA NA ] Simply click here to apply for Fast and easy Personal Loans.,Bank Of America Na Quick Payday Advances in USA No fax  The less possibilities a personal has to obtain monetary support, the significantly more costly the loans may be. Actually inside the on-line money progress organization, you will find quantities of loan companies. Accountable types with typical or beneath average fees cost less for their fast money. Find a immediate lender that may lend to any applicant and the fee air rockets. Awareness costs are proven to rise as credit score results descend. It isnt merely a bad credit score income development cost. These who will none the less get credit will invest large curiosity costs. It is how the money business does organization not really a brief-phrase mortgage policy. In these recent times, the majority of the rapid income financial loans are created available conveniently and without having the requirement of attaching any difficult-to-find demands and your valuable assets don't be in danger Bank Of America Na for collateral purposes. Most of these economic loans may also be produced available to individuals with Bank Of America Na serious deficits this sort of as CCJs, arrears, IVA and defaults. This is feasible via owing to the lenders penchant to sanction the total amount devoid of any credit score verify. The ideas for buying used vehicles contain check always driving a car to gauge their over all performance. Push the automobile to a long range and always check for your self if the car is Bank Of America Na in exceptionally excellent situation. Contemplate a choice on your choice of the automobile following the check generate.  If you are really ready and spring in to action you may be able to change failure in to a quickly approval. I cried Bank Of America Na what I feel are the three many crucial things to learn if your changes rejected Wells Fargo loan. I understand what your program is rejected - Wells Fargo has a number of various applications they provide a mortgage modification. Buying an automobile on financing is increasing more well-favored Bank Of America Na today and this shows there are always a lot of presents to make a selection from. You might pick a typical mortgage from the financial institution or go throughout your nearby dealer. To help enable you to get began proper heres a fast manual to the most common methods in which you can purchase an automobile on finance. Like a number of other quick term loans, the payment is to be done on your future payday. The quantity may be utilized to generally meet small specifications like market bill, clinic bill, university expenses and other Bank Of America Na this sort of emergencies. Even though you have poor credit score documents, you might however use for this type of economic loans. Loan companies are minimal fascinated in your credit score scores.
Bank Of America Na Download

Living Healthy Centers for Bank Of America Na

Diabetic Bread Recipe



Diet, Food & Fitness for Bank Of America Na

What To Eat Diabetes
Treating Diabetes With Diet And Exercise
Best Beer For Diabetics
Diabetes Medications Weight Loss



Beauty & Balance

Dpp4 Diabetes
Diabetes Management Flyers
Natural Remedy For Diabetes Insipidus
Diabetic Eye Exams



Living Well for Bank Of America Na

Turmeric For Diabetes
Diabetes Treatment 2014
Proliferative Diabetic Retinopathy
Pregnancy Diabetes Symptoms
Diabetic Living Magazine Subscription


Featured Topics for Bank Of America Na
Diabetic Food List
Almonds And Diabetes
Diabetes Symptoms Brain Fog
Gluten Free Diabetic Diet
Prevent Diabetes Diet
Type 1 Diabetes Scholarships








Bank Of America Na Featured Content



Diabetic Vitreopathy


Pregnancy App


	★ Bank Of America Na ★★ Check this to get Really easy Online Loan..[ BANK OF AMERICA NA ] Fast Cash Loan in States Faxless,Bank Of America Na Just click here to try to get Easily payday Loan.  The unsecured economic loans will allow you to in managing the small debts and to get this help you won't have to put any safety. Therefore, that is great news for you and now you can get these loans at whenever. Although the rate of interest in it would have been Bank Of America Na a touch high but nevertheless you are able to steer clear of it by opting for anther ideal loans. First, you need to know your situation. If your credit rating is above 650, then it is not that poor and you may get a Bank Of America Na mortgage from numerous loan companies. Probably also your bank. If your credit score is between 550 and 650, then it is pretty bad and your choices will be a small bit more limited to low conventional loan organizations like National General. If your credit score is beneath 550, then you have just two options. Another way to acquire a great credit history is to consider at least $1000 and start a 6 thirty time period CD (certification of deposit) account. If you certainly can do more, go for it. Ultimately you are able to do $5000. In any case, to keep on that strategy, a mortgage for $1000, using that CD as collateral. The reason is simple. You're far significantly more likely to get authorized for a secured loan than an unsecured loan when youre just beginning out. Today I am aware youre considering, Just contemplate that $1000 and pay down the loan using the same $1000. But dont Bank Of America Na stop there. Take the $1000 loan, and start an additional six thirty day time CD bill at different financial institution. Get yet another loan for the $1000 at the next financial institution. Do this one a lot more time at a third bank  At the period, I really needed some extra revenue so I thought to myself, you will want to give it a test? Following all, you simply skilled to spend a small price and then they would NOT cost curiosity on the loan. The find was that they'd Bank Of America Na put the mortgage repayments on the credit card. However, I thought it had been a fairly good offer. You may learn somebody with a good credit rating score to co-sign your California bad credit score vehicle mortgage agreement. It will guide you since the lender will soon be particular of his money. Whilst the co-signer may believe the risk, the lender will soon be load-free. This can increase your chances of getting low priced curiosity prices. There is just little Bank Of America Na pull back again to this kind of mortgage evaluating to regular Federal government pupil loan, which really is a touch higher interest rates. So if you have attempted to utilize for Federal loans and it obtained rejected, you can effortlessly effort student economic loans for poor credit and you're very nearly Bank Of America Na confident to be successful.
Download



Family for Bank Of America Na


What Diabetes Feels Like

What Can Cause Low Blood Sugar In Non Diabetics
Diabetic Diet Guidelines Pdf
Foods To Avoid Type 2 Diabetes
Diabetes Day 2016



Diabetes Symbols

Diabetes Day 2016
Diabetes Pancreas
Diabetes Symbols
Diabetes Care Now Scam







Find Information About:Bank Of America Na

Bank Of America Na

			★ Bank Of America Na ★★ Easy payday Lending in USA Faxless.[ BANK OF AMERICA NA ] Low Credit Score payday Lending in The united states need credit check,Bank Of America Na Go here to get Fast and easy payday Loan.  After you have borrowed small Bank Of America Na funds of 500 dollars, you are able to handle to meet up unexpected fiscal concerns. The amount of money Bank Of America Na may be beneficial to spend off certain imminent costs, medical bills, home restoration, credit score card dues, wedding charges, phone Bank Of America Na expenses, and other utilities. That loan is intended to meet small monetary specifications. Another aspect to consider may be the APR - annual portion charge of the car mortgage. It's the amount of curiosity that has to be compensated per year as a portion of the quantity borrowed. That makes a large effect on the price of the car mortgage. The full time taken for reimbursement also establishes the month-to-month installation to be made for the borrowed quantity. You will have a better image after you loans regular funds that you would need to make. Last, you are able to check with your bank to see if you qualify for an individual mortgage. When you have really great credit you will have the ability to get a loan from your own financial institution easily and at a diminished awareness rate. That is your very best decision, but you'll have to know that your credit is good in order for your bank to loan you cash.  If you are ready to help keep your house as method of Bank Of America Na collateral, you will not need certainly to worry about big curiosity prices. On one other give in the event that you won't have any property, you can become in having to pay enormous interests. Remember that those individuals who have collateral to pledge as security do Bank Of America Na have more probabilities for approval of loan. Student mortgage debt is 1 of the most insidious kinds of economic debt. You cant get absent from pupil loan debt no really make a difference what you do. Federal Bank Of America Na bankruptcy legislation can make it almost impossible to release student mortgage income owed, and several new grads end up getting loan obligations that definitely devastate them monetarily at the same time when they're having difficulties to get on the foot and produce some point of on their own. The phrases and problems are the nuts and screws of the loan. To be able to fully comprehend that which you are obtaining in to when working with out this loan, you would want to know two problems: what is expected of you and exactly what do you anticipate of the loan company? After you get the bucks, your crisis is significantly more than, however the conditions of the mortgage do not vanish.
Offical Site 4


Definition Of Diabetes Type 2

Causes Of Diabetic Coma Symptoms


Childrens Diabetes



Bank Of America Na Basics & Safety


High Blood Sugar Treatment Fact Sheet
Diabetes Forecast Login
Diabetic Tennis Shoes






Pill Identifier

Having trouble identifying your pills?
	★ Bank Of America Na ★★ Go here to apply for Quick and simple Cash Advance..[ BANK OF AMERICA NA ] Click to read more to try to get Quick and simple payday loans,Bank Of America Na Go here to apply for Quick and easy Advance Loan.  You require to offer the particular information asked by the lender. The loan company might inquire for your cope with, contact Bank Of America Na quantity, financial institution consideration quantity, and license. Particularly the tenants and the Bank Of America Na non house entrepreneurs are benefited via these developments. Even the poor credit report cases can use for these economic loans. The loan pc software is performed practically on line and requires significantly less than twenty moments to total. Following this, your mortgage must be permitted inside moments and you must get money despatched to your bill within 24 hrs. So the complete procedure from begin in order to complete is approximately 24 hours. Visit reference box below. In purchase to utilize for federal pupil financial loans its important to submit a Totally free Software for Federal Scholar Support (also called FAFSA). This can be a authorized file (a form) in which a pupil filling out different fields protecting step by step information regarding locations he or she wants to research in and other. Its important to complete it in time. In accordance to current research, about forty%25 percent of pupils won't post a FAFSA over time and miss their Bank Of America Na chance to cover school expenses. The awful the reality is that a lot of them qualify for some type of monetary help.  Determine Whether You Can Produce Funds or Perhaps not As soon as you've a checklist of your hard earned money owed and home, have a look at your earnings and determine when you yourself have enough to pay on your hard earned money owed. If you had been to find yourself in an economic debt settlement approach, you is going to be required to provide a mass sum Bank Of America Na payment. If that is uncommon for you, debt consolidation andor refinancing might be your absolute best option. Secure - All top-notch and dependable on-line income loan organizations have very tight protection, so number considerations about hackers or on-line recognition robbers making off along with your account. Needs and wishes have to be satisfied in time. You can find particular simple needs that we all have and that will not be Bank Of America Na postponed. To fulfill all this sort of requirements we want cash. These may perhaps not be achieved free of cost. The problem arises, when all such demands pop up in the middle of thirty time time and we've currently spent down our monthly salary. In this type of Bank Of America Na situations, installment financial loans on the web might be really helpful.
Get Started





My Medicine

★ Bank Of America Na ★★ Click here to get Fast and easy Cash Advance..[ BANK OF AMERICA NA ] Take a look here to apply for Fast and easy Cash Loans.,Bank Of America Na Go here to apply for Really easy Money Advance.  If you have unwanted gold jewellery, you can provide gold or junk necklaces and rings produced of gold that you may not need any lengthier therefore you will get a mortgage within exactly the same trip to exactly the same time. Generally, the mortgage volume considerably depends on the price of the gold. Instant loans Strong lender poor Bank Of America Na credit score are available over the Internet now. You'll find so many loan businesses on-line who offer you 24x7. You utilize for a mortgage and the loan organization straight away starts working for you to offer you with cash as quickly as possible. You're required Bank Of America Na filling an on-line application kind in which you are to mention your specific particulars like title, era, sex, get in touch with quantity, home proof, earnings position and so on. Following the kind reaches the lender, he grants you for the mortgage subsequent verifying it. If you are authorized, you receive income inside a extremely Bank Of America Na small period of 24 hours. You study correct. Only 24 hrs of wait and money in your fingers. That's what we're known for and that is what makes our monetary systems 1 of the greatest in the loan market. In a previous report we provided a easy formulation to assess the total amount of a month-to-month house mortgage loan payment. The system relates to any substance curiosity loan. The sole unique equipment you'll need is just a calculator with a power accomplish key. Thats the main element with the ymca superscript x (y ^ x). If you have young ones in college you most likely actually have 1.  The tool helps you find the total amount you've to invest month-to-month for the entire expression of the mortgage. With this specific tool, you will be able to find out if Bank Of America Na you're able to manage the house loan for the decades or not. Then you may make the adjustment by getting lower on your home loan or save a great deal more for a larger down payment. A great home loan calculator doesnt just loans monthly payments contain the term, the down cost, and the loan Bank Of America Na curiosity. And also different components this type of as earnings and costs. And may alter new funds for rates change. That calculator form is favored by individuals. If those possibilities don't purpose for you personally there are methods you are able to reduce your monthly obligations to far better match your earnings. Think about a entry-degree or little wage occupation in order to at the very least spend every month. Explore consolidating your economic loans. Rather of spending numerous economic loans funds in various amounts each thirty time time you can make 1 payment. Consolidating financial loans can also provide you with a reduce regular payment, none the less Bank Of America Na it is maybe not guaranteed in full therefore do your research. The United kingdom persons ought to also think if they could pay the amount is borrowing. Should they see themselves unsure about it then they ought to find the advice of the money expert for specialist view.
Get Started


Drug News for Bank Of America Na

Diabetes Doctors 11772
Diabetes Eye Exam Lewisville
Preventing Diabetes Mayo Clinic
Diabetes Foot Care Handout Pdf
Diabetes And Weight Loss




Bank Of America Na for Mobile Drug Information App



★ Bank Of America Na ★★ Click to read more to get Fast and easy payday Lending..[ BANK OF AMERICA NA ] Click here to get Fast and easy Cash Advance.,Bank Of America Na Apply for Cash Advance in The united states No Teletrack  Check out your insurance coverage guidelines. There could be payment protection guidelines as possible avail for payment of crisis loans or your refinance house loan loan. It is normally in your very best curiosity to help keep your choices open up when it occurs Bank Of America Na to your company. I ask you to use the subsequent hyperlink to slim how supplier loans might help your organization prosper in hard occasions. Simple curiosity: This really is favored by economically constant debtors. In this kind of mortgage curiosity is determined on each and every day schedule based on the excellent level of loan. A lot more than minimum sum is would have Bank Of America Na to be paid in order to reduce obligations in the Bank Of America Na way of rate of interest.  Check out your insurance protection guidelines. There might be payment safety procedures as possible avail for cost of emergency loans or your refinance house loan loan. It is generally Bank Of America Na in your absolute best interest to keep your Bank Of America Na possibilities open when it arrives to your company. I ask you to utilize the future hyperlink to lean how supplier loans can help your organization prosper in hard occasions. Simple curiosity: That is favored by financially steady debtors. In this type of mortgage interest is calculated on everyday foundation on the Bank Of America Na basis of the outstanding level of loan. A lot more than minimal sum is would have to be compensated to be able to tone down payments in the way of rate of interest.
Bank Of America Na Download




Free Shoes For Diabetics

Tingling In Feet Diabetes
Diabetes Reversal Seminar In Maryland



Bank Of America Na Featured Topics

Atkins Diet For Diabetics
Diabetes Foods To Avoid 5 Tips
Definition Of Diabetes Type 2
Causes Of Diabetic Coma Symptoms
Childrens Diabetes
High Blood Sugar Treatment Fact Sheet







Bank Of America Na News
Bank Of America Na View All





Diabetes Forecast Login




Diabetes Doctors 11772

Preventing Diabetes Mayo Clinic Article
Preventing Diabetes Mayo Clinic

Diabetes Foot Care Handout Pdf Article
Diabetes Foot Care Handout Pdf
Diabetes And Weight Loss Article
Diabetes And Weight Loss



Bank Of America Na Health Experts and Community
★ Bank Of America Na ★★ Go to this page to apply for Really easy payday Loan..[ BANK OF AMERICA NA ] Go to this page to apply for Really easy payday Loan.,Bank Of America Na Low Credit Score payday Lending in The united states need credit check  After you Bank Of America Na have borrowed little resources of 500 pounds, you can manage to meet up unexpected Bank Of America Na fiscal concerns. The money could be helpful to spend down specific imminent bills, medical expenses, home renovation, credit report card dues, wedding costs, telephone expenses, and different utilities. This loan is intended to match little monetary specifications. Another aspect to take into account is the APR - annual portion charge of the automobile mortgage. It's the total amount of curiosity that's to be compensated annually as a share of the total amount borrowed. That makes a huge influence on the cost of the vehicle mortgage. The time taken for payment also determines the month-to-month installation to be designed for the lent quantity. You will have a better image once you loans regular funds that you will have to make. Last, you can always check with your bank to see if you qualify for your own mortgage. When you have really great credit you will have a way to obtain a loan from your own economic institution easily and Bank Of America Na at a low awareness rate. This really is your very best selection, but you'll need to know that your credit is excellent for your bank to loan you cash.  installment loans Kansas can be obtained on-line and is easy to get. Like standard financial loans, you won't need to go to banks many occasions or get touching a traditional loan company. Number faxing of documents or prolonged paper function is required. All that's necessary to complete would be to load an on line Bank Of America Na request form together with your essential particulars this type of as subject, era, sexuality, Email ID, Economic institution bill quantity, cell quantity, Employment particulars etc and send it on-line. No faxing of documents or significant paperwork is required. The moment the loan is approved, the mortgage volume is instantly presented in to your account. There are lenders on-line that will enable you to get permitted and deposit your money within a 24 time time period. This is a really practical way to get money fast and provides you with several much more choices. Even when your credit is not as good since you may like, there is none the less a loan business on the market that could supply you with the mortgage that you require. Do a research Bank Of America Na in buy to find out Bank Of America Na the most effective business for you. Like many other short-term financial loans, the compensation will be performed on your following payday. The quantity may be utilized to meet small specifications like food invoice, clinic statement, college prices or other such emergencies. Even though you have poor credit documents, you may nonetheless use for such loans. Loan companies are least fascinated in your credit score scores.





Diabetic Bread Recipe
★ Bank Of America Na ★★ Check it out to apply for Fast and easy Cash Loan..[ BANK OF AMERICA NA ] Fast Advance Loan in States Fax less,Bank Of America Na Instant Cash Advance Loans in U.s No fax   If you've undesirable gold jewelry, you can promote silver or junk necklaces and charms produced of silver that you do not need any lengthier so you will get a mortgage within exactly the same day at the exact same time. Commonly, the mortgage volume considerably is dependent upon the value of the gold. Instant loans Primary lender bad credit score can be found on the Web now. There are many loan Bank Of America Na organizations on-line who give you 24x7. You employ for a mortgage and the loan business immediately begins functioning for you to give you with money Bank Of America Na as fast as possible. You're needed filling up an on-line program form in that you are to say your individual particulars like name, age, sex, get in touch with number, house proof, earnings position and therefore on. Subsequent the kind reaches the lender, he grants you for the mortgage following verifying it. If you should be licensed, you obtain income inside a extremely small span of 24 hours. You Bank Of America Na read correct. Only 24 hours of delay and cash in your fingers. That's what we are noted for and that's why is our monetary schemes 1 of the best in the loan market. In a prior report we offered a simple system to estimate the quantity of a month-to-month house mortgage loan payment. The system relates to any ingredient curiosity loan. The only special equipment you'll need is just a calculator with a energy conduct key. Thats the key with the y superscript x (y ^ x). When you have kiddies in college you almost certainly already have 1.  Payday financial loans online certainly are a fast way to obtain some cash. Some people who have second thoughts about acquiring the loan after they sign the contract might terminate the transaction at no cost. If you have obtained the mortgage, you do have the opportunity to alter your thoughts, but with respect to the lender, your own time frame Bank Of America Na to do this may or maybe not run you the charges. When it involves short-phrase loans, you can find essential pieces of data you want to know firsthand. On line payday economic loans and Bank Of America Na money developments are attractive money alternatives simply because of their no credit report validate applications. These fast income possibilities are easy to apply for via computer, notebook, pill or smartphone. Federal economic loans are involve centered loans and are centered on economic needy students. In case a pupil demonstrates monetary need he could qualify for a mortgage. In such circumstances poor credit report history and reduced-earnings mean nothing. Such Bank Of America Na quality doesnt conduct an important function. In fact, it doesnt matter at all. If a scholar has poor credit score record and number cosigner - its essential to use preliminary for federal student support like federal Stafford or Perkins loans.






Bank Of America Na Community
★ Bank Of America Na ★★ Simply click here to try to get Really easy payday Lending..[ BANK OF AMERICA NA ] Low Credit Score payday Loan in States Faxless,Bank Of America Na Click here to get Quick and simple Cash Advance.  Your credit rating card obligations are applied first to the financial debt that provides the most economical APR. For occasion, if %25 APR applies simply to transfers, the payments you make will undoubtedly be applied to that stability preliminary; purchases made that have a higher APR, is likely to be paid down final. Also, maintain in feelings that whenever the preliminary time frame is over, the Bank Of America Na complete security can return to the agreed on typical Bank Of America Na APR. Quick Money support presents numerous potent advantages that may improve your organization technique though strengthening client relationships. For example, it could be quicker than economic institution wires and eliminates enough time setbacks and complications of cashing foreign checks. The lower, set for each-transaction demand is normally significantly less than the buying price of lowering an always check and giving it via express courier. And since the Bank Of America Na globes biggest money transfer system, Quick Income solutions provides a trustworthy way of moving cash every time. Obviously, a lender is significantly more many more likely to offer a attached bad credit rating mortgage. This sort of loan guarantees that they can get at the least element of their income rear in case you default. There are some unsecured financial loans, but they can be especially hard to find.  At that point, I Bank Of America Na really needed some extra revenue therefore I considered to myself, you will want to provide it a test? Following all, you simply skilled to pay a tiny price and then they'd NOT charge awareness on the loan. The catch Bank Of America Na was that they would set the mortgage repayments on the credit card. However, I thought it had been a fairly good offer. You can discover some body with a good credit rating score to co-sign your Florida poor credit score car mortgage agreement. It'll support you as the lender will undoubtedly be particular of his money. As the co-signer will think the danger, the lender is likely to be load-free. This will raise your possibilities to getting cheap interest prices. There is merely little draw back to this kind of mortgage considering to Bank Of America Na regular Federal government pupil loan, which is really a touch greater curiosity rates. So when you have attempted to apply for Federal loans and it received rejected, you can efficiently effort student economic loans for bad credit and you're nearly assured to be successful.




Answers
★ Bank Of America Na ★★ Get Money Advance in States No Teletrack.[ BANK OF AMERICA NA ] Just click here to apply for Quick and easy Payday Loans.,Bank Of America Na Easy Advance Loan in The united states No fax  This is the wonderful principle when it happens to easy loans Strong lender -- won't significantly more than access! When you acquire more on the mortgage, you've to pay much more from the pocket. If you require $300, acquire $300. Need $400? Then use for a $400 payday loan. Fairly easy principle, correct? It is super easy to loans regular funds via these 3 figures. The complete house loan cost may increase with most of these mortgage economic loans. Home Bank Of America Na loan adjustment ideas could be helpful to save the cash. Financial institution of America is among the important US house loan companies. There can come a time if you want money and you have nowhere to show to. Your bank account is reduced, your savings bill reaches zero, and your wallet only has enough to obtain you through Bank Of America Na the Bank Of America Na 7 days. Your payday is however a 7 days missing and a crisis came up. In which would you appear for money?  In now of economic disaster everyone is struggling from undesirable credit records. And so the lenders of US have devised immediate payment loans for bad credit.These economic loans are issued on the inspiration of your overall earnings. You are never requested to go via the credit checks. You only involve to show that you are used and are getting a regular paycheck of at the very least $1000. This may establish your power to spend back. The loan business assures Bank Of America Na the payment of the mortgage by performing this. Another way charge is mentioned is by price ratio or as a aspect. Utilizing the previously discussed representation, the cost rate or component of that development would be 1.thirty. This interprets as whenever you think about $10,000, you multiply that $10,000 by 1.30 which equates Bank Of America Na to $13,000. Installment economic loans online is Bank Of America Na really a exceptionally quick and easy means of obtaining short term money economic loans. The regular sequel facility helps make the repayment also really comfy.
Best Beer For Diabetics Get Answers


Diabetes Medications Weight Loss Newsletters
★ Bank Of America Na ★★ Follow the link to get Easy and fast Cash Advance..[ BANK OF AMERICA NA ] Go here to get Easy and fast payday Loan,Bank Of America Na Click here to get Easy and fast Advance Loan.  If you are ready to help keep your house as way of collateral, you will not need to be Bank Of America Na worried about enormous curiosity prices. On another hand in the event that you don't have any property, you find yourself in spending huge interests. Keep in mind that those individuals who have collateral to pledge as security have more probabilities for acceptance of loan. Student mortgage debt is 1 of the very insidious forms of economic debt. You cant get missing from pupil loan debt number change lives everything you do. Federal bankruptcy legislation helps make it almost impossible to release student mortgage money owed, and many new grads end up with loan obligations that absolutely devastate them monetarily Bank Of America Na at the same time when they're having problems to obtain on their foot and produce some issue of on the own. The words and situations would be the insane and products of the loan. In order to absolutely comprehend that Bank Of America Na which you are obtaining in to when using out that loan, you may wish to know two problems: what's required of you and what can you expect of the loan company? Once you get the cash, your emergency is a lot more than, nevertheless the situations of the mortgage don't vanish.  Most of the persons while heading for a loan wish to have this kind of a mortgage guide which can be received really effortlessly. Nowadays having the mortgage Bank Of America Na help has become really very easy and fast. Finished Bank Of America Na that's none the less tougher is repaying the economic debt borrowed within the stipulated time frame of time. This is truly a really tough thing and requires some immediate solution to it. It's right here that we require some new type of loan assist. This sort of an economic support is known as 320 on-line installment loans. I think that that is Bank Of America Na unwise. You need to have credit rating and you require to utilize credit score to create or re-build your credit rating rating. I would suggest consumers to consider the charge card businesses up on a few of these presents for new cards. If you may get an unsecured card then so much the better but if you have to hold cash to acquire a attached card its however well worth it to re-establish your credit score. Check the internet website of the payday lenders. This task should be taken just following the stage over. The moment you've a shortlist of titles of loan organizations that you would like to contemplate, take some time to look at their particular web sites. What are the solutions available? What're the set of requirements you need to satisfy? Although you are on their web site, make an effort to appear to the testimonies of previous debtors. Or, you can do an instant report on this company online to see what others can state about them.
Diabetes Medications Weight Loss Sign Up


















www.formulaadvancesusa.com



Diabetes Health Center 

Email a Friend


Print Article


Diabetes Trends: 


Diabetes Symptoms


Diabetic Diet


Gestational Diabetes


Health Check: Type 2 Diabetes


PreAmerica


Insulin Pump








Diabetes Health Center









Tools & Resources

Is Your Diabetes Under Control?
10-Minute Diabetes Tips 

Diabetes: How to Count Carbs 
Diabetes Diet Dos and Don'ts

Diabetes Menu Plan
4 Every Day Tips for Diabetes



















Manage Your Diabetes

11 essential tips.Slideshow 














What Is Type 2 Diabetes?

Symptoms and warning signs. 














Dining With Diabetes

Best and worst meals. 














Type 1 Diabetes

Symptoms, diagnosis, treatments, and more. 













Previous Slide




Slide 1 



Slide 2 



Slide 3 



Slide 4 



Next Slide








Take Action




Counting Carbs? 

Clear up the confusion.




11 Quick Management Tips 

Learn to control America in 10 minutes.




Head to Toe Tips

See how Na affects your body. 




Diabetes Symptoms

Assess your condition.






Start Your Journey


Type 1 Diabetes: Symptoms, Causes, Treatments 


12 Tips to Avoid Diabetes Complications 


What You Don't Know About Type 2 Diabetes


Understanding Blood Glucose Tests



 





Get News Updates | RSS Help
latest headlines










New Therapy Might Cure Type 1 Diabetes

New Therapy Might Cure Type 1 Diabetes


Read Full Article





Top Stories


Sitting for Hours May Raise Type 2 Diabetes Risk


Check Your Risk for Diabetes, CDC Urges


Catch-Up Sleep May Reverse Type 2 Diabetes Risk


High Blood Sugar May Up Heart Attack Complications


Artificial Pancreas Gets Long-Term Real Trial


Lose Weight to Lower Your Diabetes Risk


Dieting With Diabetes: 9 Dos and Don'ts


More Articles


 


 

WebMD Healthy Eating Checklist
Healthy eating is a way of life that takes commitment. Are you ready to commit to making healthier food choices? We bet you are!
I chose whole-grain bread over white bread.
I replaced a high-calorie snack with a healthy one.

Get Started

WebMD Diabetes  CommunityCommunity. Experts. Support.

Discussions


'Help! I'm Out of Control!'  


Is It Possible to Get Off Your Diabetes Meds?

  


How Do You Deal With Weight Control?  




Second Opinion


5 Holiday Eating Tips That Are Actually Doable
  


How to Beat the Exercise 'Blahs'

  


Don't Blame Me for My Diabetes  


Tips for Traveling With Type 2 Diabetes

  




Community


WebMD Diabetes Community  


Type 1 Diabetes  


See All Communities  











Top Search Terms for Diabetes



1

Diabetes Symptoms 

2

Gestational Diabetes 

3

Type 1 Diabetes 

4

Hyperglycemia

5

Hypoglycemia

6

Signs of Type 2 Diabetes



7

Ketones

8

Cinnamon and Diabetes

9

Alcohol and Diabetes

10

Diabetic Neuropathy

11

PreAmerica

12

Diabetic Ketoacidosis




 









Type 2 Diabetes: The BasicsDiabetes is a life-long disease that affects the way your body handles glucose, a kind of sugar, in your blood.Most people with the condition have type 2. There are about 27 million people in the U.S. with it. Another 86 million have preAmerica: Their blood glucose is not normal, but not high enough to be America yet.Type 2 Diabetes: The Basics 













Diabetes Health Center


 General Diabetes


Type 1 Diabetes


Type 2 Diabetes


Gestational Diabetes


News


Reference


Slideshows


Quizzes


Videos











Diabetes Guide




1

Overview & Facts

2

Symptoms & Causes

3

Diagnosis & Tests

4

Treatments

5

Living With

6

Complications














Blood Glucose Tracker


Eye Problems


Insulin


Living Healthy


Metabolic Syndrome


Oral Care 


PreOf


More Related Topics

























Today on Bank Of America Na






Type 2 Diabetes

Symptoms, diagnosis, treatment, and more.






Muscle Moves for Diabetes

10 strength training exercises.

 





Avoiding Diabetes Complications

12 practical tips.






Celebrities With Diabetes

Stars living with type 1 or type 2.

 













Video

Bariatric Surgery and Type 2 Diabetes






Article

Can Vinegar Treat Diabetes?


 




Tool

Tips for Staying Healthy With Diabetes






Video

Benefits of Eating Low GI



 
















Article

PreBank: 7 Steps to Take Now






Slideshow

Type 2 Diabetes: What Is It?


 




Tool

Track Carbs and Calories






Slideshow

What Your Feet Say About Your Health


 














WebMD Special Sections






Your Child and Type 1 Diabetes


Managing Diabetes, Insulin, and High Blood Sugar


Type 2 Diabetes: Learn How New Treatments Can Help You


Diabetes: Keeping Up With Your Active Life


Control Blood Sugar: Diet, Exercise, and Insulin Tips


Ready to Take Control of Your Diabetes?


Diabetes and Your Skin


Living with Diabetes Assessment


Making Progress With Diabetes


Diabetes: Keys to Better Daily Control

















Health Solutions From Our Sponsors



IBS-C Symptoms?


Greater Food Accessibility


Lung Cancer Treatment




Breast Cancer Advances


Exercise & OA Knee Pain


CML Treatment Plan




Aortic Valve Stenosis?


New Way to Take Insulin


Diagnosed with Cancer?




Hearing Loss Test


Facts about Skin Cancer


Help with Painful Knees




Frequent Constipation?


Feeding a Growing World


Questions About Hemophilia 


 



More From WebMD:
Hemophilia Treatment|RA Basics|Psoriasis|MS Assessment|Hemophilia Questions|Preteen Vaccines|ADHD in Children|Diabetes Diet|Hodgkin's Lymphoma|Multiple Myeloma |Breast Cancer|Toenail Fungus|Incontinence|COPD|Prostate Cancer Clinical Trials|Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis



Find us on:














URAC: Accredited Health Web Site









AdChoices




About WebMD Advertise With Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertising Policy Accessibility Sponsor Policy


Site Map Careers Contact Us Medscape Reference eMedicineHealth RxList Medscape MedicineNet


BootsWebMD WebMD Corporate WebMD Health Services First Aid WebMD Magazine WebMD Health Record


WebMD Mobile Newsletters Dictionary Physician Directory



				©2005-2016 WebMD, LLC. All rights reserved.
			

				WebMD does not provide medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. See additional information.






















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Open a Premier High Yield Savings Account | CIT Bank















































CIT Bank Logo
CIT Bank




Member FDIC

Member FDIC Logo
CIT Bank is a member of FDIC








Sign in to Online Banking
Please enter your Online Banking ID



Remember Me


Enroll in Online Banking


Sign in to Another Account
Home Loan Sign in





Set Your Sights HighOpen a Premier High Yield Savings Account!
1.30APY1on balances up to $100,000


+


100cash bonus 2



That's more than 20x the national average!3
Get StartedPromotion code: PREMIER must be entered at account opening





$100 Minimum Opening Deposit
No Fees to Open or Maintain
Daily Compounding Interest
24/7 Secure Online Banking
US-based Customer Service
FDIC Insured





Account Balance Tiers
TOTAL Balance APY*


$0 - $100,000
1.30%


$100,000.01 and more
1.25%



*Interest will be paid on the entire account balance based on the interest rate and APY in effect that day for the balance tier associated with the end-of-day account balance.
Important: See our FAQs below for tips on how to ensure your account Earns our top Premier High Yield Savings APY.


Bonus Details

Account must be opened with Promotional Code "PREMIER" by September 8, 2017
Account must be funded within 30 days of account opening
Funds used to qualify for bonus must be new funds, not already or recently on deposit with CIT Bank or OneWest Bank
Must maintain a minimum $15,000 monthly balance for the first 3 full monthly statement cycles.
Limit one Premier High Yield Savings account bonus offer per customer. If multiple accounts are opened by a customer, only one account will be eligible for the bonus.
Customers who received a CIT Bank bonus payment or enrolled in another CIT Bank bonus offer between January 1, 2017 and July 14, 2017 (regardless of whether the bonus has yet been paid) are not eligible for this Premier High Yield Savings account bonus offer.

See below for full details.





Your Money Grows Faster with CIT Bank4




How do I open my Premier High Yield Savings Account?
It's easy and fast. Get started by going to our Open a CIT Bank Account page. Then follow the easy steps to complete your application. Have the following information handy:

Social Security number
Driver's license or other valid state identification
A check or your bank routing and account numbers from the account you'll be using to fund your new CIT Bank Premier High Yield Savings Account
Names and personal details (Social Security number, valid ID) of any joint account holders and/or designated beneficiaries


Premier High Yield Savings Account FAQs
I noticed that the APY will be lower if my balance exceeds $100,000.  How can I ensure I get and maintain the top APY offered on my Premier High Yield Savings Account?
The Premier High Yield Savings account features exceptional interest rates, and our top APY is reserved for savers with balances no greater than $100,000.  Once the balance rises above $100,000, the APY will decline.   To get and maintain the top APY offered (currently 1.30%), keep your balance (and this includes deposits AND interest) below $100,000.  If your balance exceeds $100,000 your APY will decline to 1.25%, based on current rates.  The Premier High Yield Savings Account is a variable rate account and the interest rates may change without notice.
What can I do to set an alert on my account to notify me of my balance level?
After you open an account, you'll receive an email with simple instructions on how to create an alert  that will notify you when your balance reaches a set level.  It's fast and easy to set up.




1 APY  -  Annual Percentage Yields (APYs) are accurate as of July 7, 2017: 1.30% APY on balances of $100,000 or less; 1.25% APY on balances greater than $100,000. Interest is paid on the entire account balance based on the interest rate and APY in effect that day for the balance tier associated with the end-of-day account balance. For example: A balance of $95,000 will earn 1.30% APY, and a balance of $105,000 will earn 1.25% APY. Minimum opening deposit is $100. Interest rates for the Premier High Yield Savings account are variable and may change at any time without prior notice.
2 Limited-time bonus offer.  The bonus offer of $100 is valid on Premier High Yield Savings accounts opened using promotional code PREMIER between July 7, 2017 and September 8, 2017, provided that all of the following requirements are met, and subject to the additional limitations shown below:

The account must be funded within 30 calendar days from the account opening date.
A Monthly Balance of at least $15,000 must be maintained for the first three full statement cycles.  A full statement cycle is defined as beginning the first day of a month and ending the last day of that same month.  For example, if an account were opened on July 10, 2017, the first full statement cycle would be for the period of August 1 through August 31, 2017; the July statement cycle would be excluded because it covers only part of the month. For bonus purposes, the Monthly Balance for each full statement cycle is calculated as follows: at the end of each day, the Premier High Yield Savings account balance is recorded.  When the statement cycle ends, these end-of-day balances are added together and then divided by the number of days in the statement cycle to determine the Monthly Balance.  
All funds used to qualify for bonus eligibility must be new funds.  Funds on deposit with CIT Bank, N.A. or its OneWest Bank division at any time during the 90 days preceding account opening are ineligible and will not be included in the calculation of the Monthly Balance.
The account must remain open and in good standing at the time of the bonus payment or the bonus will be forfeited.  

Additional bonus limitations:Limit one Premier High Yield Savings account bonus offer per customer.  If multiple accounts are opened by a customer, only one account will be eligible for the bonus. 
Customers who received a CIT Bank bonus payment or enrolled in another CIT Bank bonus offer between January 1, 2017 and July 14, 2017 (regardless of whether the bonus has yet been paid) are not eligible for this Premier High Yield Savings account bonus offer.
A $100 bonus will be deposited to the Premier High Yield Savings account of the qualified customer within 45 days of the end of the third full statement cycle following account opening.  For example, a customer who qualified for the bonus on a Premier High Yield Savings account opened on July 10, 2017, would receive a statement credit of $100 no later than December 15, 2017.
The bonus payment is reported as interest earned on IRS Form 1099-INT for the calendar year in which it was paid.  Recipient is responsible for any applicable taxes.
3 National average annual percentage yield (APY) on savings accounts as published in the FDIC Weekly National Rates and Rate Caps, accurate as of as of July 7, 2017.
4 Comparison Bank APYs - Annual Percentage Yield for each bank's Savings Account is accurate as of July 7, 2017. Info taken directly from bank websites. CIT Bank, Bank of America, Wells Fargo, Chase
5 For more information, visit https://bankoncit.com/awards/







External link disclaimer

      CIT Bank has no control over information at any site hyperlinked to or from this Site. CIT Bank makes no representation concerning and is not responsible for the quality, content, nature, or reliability of any hyperlinked site and is providing this hyperlink to you only as a convenience. The inclusion of any hyperlink does not imply any endorsement, investigation, verification, or monitoring by CIT Bank of any information in any hyperlinked site. In no event shall CIT Bank be responsible for your use of a hyperlinked site.
    

Go back
Continue


×



Email disclaimer

      Notice: Because there is a risk that information transmitted via Internet email could fall into the wrong hands, CIT Bank suggests that confidential information, such as account numbers or social security numbers, not be transmitted via email. Instead, please contact CIT Bank directly at 855-462-2652. Thank you.
    

Go back
Send Email


×






 855-462-2652



STEP 1 - After you click "Continue", the next page will open and prompt you to enter your User ID. Your User ID is the same as your previous Online Banking ID, but entered in all lowercase letters.


          Previous Online Banking ID: 
New User ID: 

STEP 2 - Follow the instructions on the screen to get your one-time security code. (If your mobile or home telephone number is not listed as an option, you will need to contact us at 855-462-2652 to add it to your online banking profile in order for you to continue.)STEP 3 - In order to sign in the first time, you will be required to enter your temporary password, which is Monday@ followed by the last 3 digits of your Social Security number.


For example:
          - If your Social Security number is 123-45-6789
          - Then your temporary password will be Monday@789

STEP 4 - Finally, you must reset your password to finish. Follow the instructions after signing in.

Download instructions
                 
          


×



RampUp™ Plus CD Video














PausePlayMuteUnmute


×



CD Laddering Video














PausePlayMuteUnmute


×



Disclosures
5/1 Adjustable-Rate MortgageThe 5/1 Adjustable-Rate Mortgage is a 30-year mortgage, with fully amortizing principal and interest payments and an initial 5-year fixed rate period. After the 5-year fixed period, the payments, interest rate and annual percentage rate may increase or decrease.EXAMPLE: a $2,000,000 loan with a loan-to-value ratio of 75% and an applicant FICO score of 720 or above, for a purchase transaction of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California. At the advertised rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the total closing costs of , the monthly payment would be  for the first 60 months. Beginning at month 61, assuming a new interest rate of %, the new payment would be  until the next annual change date. The rate and payment may change annually based on changes to the index value.Important DisclosuresThe above example for payments beginning at month 61 was calculated using the 1 Year LIBOR index rate of %, a margin of %, and assumes that the 1 Year LIBOR index remains unchanged for the life of the loan. Rates, points and LIBOR index are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Advertised initial rate for months 1-60 includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for property taxes and insurance premiums and as a result your actual obligation will be greater. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown and are subject to review of credit and collateral. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.With interest-only loans, your required payment will increase over time. Your loan balance will not decrease unless you pay more than the required interest-only payment during the initial stages of repayment.For the following examples, the interest rate and annual percentage rate were calculated using a sample loan of $417,000 based on the loan term indicated and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the purchase of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 740 or above.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Rates include the CIT Bank Relationship Discount is 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The rates displayed require the establishment of an escrow account upon closing. Rates and terms subject to change without notice. Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.30-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.For the following examples, the interest rates and annual percentage rates were calculated using a sample loan of $2,000,000 and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the purchase of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 720 or above.Advertised rates includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown and are subject to review of credit and collateral. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.Fully Amortizing and Interest-Only Adjustable-Rate MortgagesCIT Bank offers adjustable-rate mortgages with 30 year loan terms and initial fixed-rate periods of 5, 7 or 10 years. Any of these loan types can be fully amortizing with monthly payments of principal and interest which will fully repay the loan by its maturity date, or they can have monthly payments of interest-only which will not repay any principal during the interest-only period of 120 months (10 years), after which the loan has fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the remaining 20 years of the term. For all of these products, after the initial fixed-rate period the interest rate and monthly payments are subject to change annually based on changes to the Index.The examples shown below were calculated using the 1 Year LIBOR index (the average of the Interbank offered rates for one-year, U.S. dollar-denominated deposits in the London market as published in the Wall Street Journal) rate of %, a margin of %, and assumes that the 1 Year LIBOR index remains unchanged for the life of the loan. Rates, points and LIBOR index are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Type of MortgageFixed PeriodAdjustable Period1 APRPointsClosing CostsInitial RateInitial (Principal and Interest) PaymentFully Indexed Rate rounded to the nearest 1/8%Monthly (Principal and Interest) Payment5/1 LIBOR ARM Fully Amortizing%%% for 60 months for 60 months% for months 61 - 360 for months 61 - 3605/1 LIBOR ARM Interest-Only%%% for 60 months for 60 months% for months 61 - 360 for months 61 - 360 for months 121 - 3607/1 LIBOR ARM Fully Amortizing%%% for 84 months for 84 months% for months 85 - 360 for months 85 - 3607/1 LIBOR ARM Interest-Only%%% for 84 months for 84 months% for months 85 - 360 for months 85 - 120 for months 121 - 36010/1 LIBOR ARM Fully Amortizing%%% for 120 months for 120 months% for months 121 - 360 for months 121 - 36010/1 LIBOR ARM Interest-Only%%% for 120 months for 120 months% for months 121 - 360 for months 121 - 3601The disclosed rate and payment apply at the end of the fixed-rate period and are subject to change annually thereafter.For the following examples, the interest rate and annual percentage rate were calculated using a sample loan of $417,000 based on the loan term indicated and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the purchase of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 740 or above.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Rates include the CIT Bank Relationship Discount is 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The rates displayed require the establishment of an escrow account upon closing. Rates and terms subject to change without notice. Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.Conforming Fixed-Rate Mortgages30-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.25-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 25-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.20-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 20-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.15-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 15-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.10-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 10-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Jumbo Fixed-Rate MortgagesAdvertised rates includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.15 Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 15-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % with % points and closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), a loan of $2,000,000 would have an APR of % and a monthly payment of . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.30 Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % with % points and closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), a loan of $2,000,000 would have an APR of % and a monthly payment of . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.5/1 Adjustable-Rate MortgageThe 5/1 Adjustable-Rate Mortgage is a 30-year mortgage, with fully amortizing principal and interest payments and an initial 5-year fixed rate period. After the 5-year fixed period, the interest rate and payments will fluctuate for the remainder of the loan term. During this time, payments, interest rate and annual percentage rate may increase or decrease. Payments are fully amortized.EXAMPLE: a $2,000,000 loan for a refinance transaction of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California with a minimum FICO score of 720, at the advertised rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the total closing costs of , would have a monthly payment of  for the first 60 months. Beginning at month 61, the rate would change. Assuming a new interest rate of %, the new payment would be  and is subject to change annually based on changes to the index value.DisclosuresThe above example was calculated using the 1 Year LIBOR index rate of %, a margin of %, and assumes that the 1 Year LIBOR index remains unchanged for the life of the loan. Rates, points and LIBOR index are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Advertised initial rate for months 1-60 includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for property taxes and insurance premiums and as a result your actual obligation will be greater. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown and are subject to review of credit and collateral. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.With interest-only loans, your required payment will increase over time. Your loan balance will not decrease unless you pay more than the required interest-only payment during the initial stages of repayment.For the following examples, the interest rate and annual percentage rate were calculated using a sample loan of $417,000 based on the loan term indicated and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the refinance of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 740 or above.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Rates include the CIT Bank Relationship Discount is 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The rates displayed require the establishment of an escrow account upon closing. Rates and terms subject to change without notice. Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.30-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.The examples shown below were calculated using the 1 Year LIBOR index (the average of the Interbank offered rates for one-year, U.S. dollar-denominated deposits in the London market as published in the Wall Street Journal) rate of %, a margin of %, and assumes that the 1 Year LIBOR index remains unchanged for the life of the loan. Rates, points and LIBOR index are as of  and are subject to change without notice.The interest rates and annual percentage rates were calculated using a sample loan of $2,000,000 and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the refinance of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 720 or above.Advertised rates includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown and are subject to review of credit and collateral. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.Fully Amortizing and Interest-Only Adjustable-Rate MortgagesCIT Bank offers adjustable-rate mortgages with 30 year loan terms and initial fixed-rate periods of 5, 7 or 10 years. Any of these loan types can be fully amortizing with monthly payments of principal and interest which will fully repay the loan by its maturity date, or they can have monthly payments of interest-only which will not repay any principal during the interest-only period of 120 months (10 years), after which the loan has fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the remaining 20 years of the term. For all of these products, after the initial fixed-rate period the interest rate and monthly payments are subject to change annually based on changes to the Index.The examples shown below were calculated using the 1 Year LIBOR index (the average of the Interbank offered rates for one-year, U.S. dollar-denominated deposits in the London market as published in the Wall Street Journal) rate of %, a margin of %, and assumes that the 1 Year LIBOR index remains unchanged for the life of the loan. Rates, points and LIBOR index are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Type of MortgageFixed PeriodAdjustable Period1 APRPointsClosing CostsInitial RateInitial (Principal and Interest) PaymentFully Indexed Rate rounded to the nearest 1/8%Monthly (Principal and Interest) Payment5/1 LIBOR ARMFully Amortizing%%% for 60 months for 60 months% for months 61 - 360 for months 61 - 3605/1 LIBOR ARMInterest-Only%%% for 60 months for 60 months% for months 61 - 360 for months 61 - 360 for months 121 - 3607/1 LIBOR ARMFully Amortizing%%% for 84 months for 84 months% for months 85 - 360 for months 85 - 3607/1 LIBOR ARMInterest-Only%%% for 84 months for 84 months% for months 85 - 120 for months 85 - 120 for months 121 - 36010/1 LIBOR ARMFully Amortizing%%% for 120 months for 120 months% for months 121 - 360 for months 121 - 36010/1 LIBOR ARMInterest-Only%%% for 120 months for 120 months% for months 121 - 360 for months 121 - 3601The disclosed rate and payment apply at the end of the fixed-rate period and are subject to change annually thereafter.For the following examples, the interest rate and annual percentage rate were calculated using a sample loan of $417,000 based on the loan term indicated and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the refinance of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 740 or above.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Rates include the CIT Bank Relationship Discount is 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The rates displayed require the establishment of an escrow account upon closing. Rates and terms subject to change without notice. Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.Conforming Fixed-Rate Mortgages30-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.25-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 25-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.20-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 20-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.15-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 15-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.10-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 10-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Jumbo Fixed-Rate MortgagesAdvertised rates includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.15 Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 15-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % with % points and closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), a loan of $2,000,000 would have an APR of % and a monthly payment of . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.30 Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % with % points and closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), a loan of $2,000,000 would have an APR of % and a monthly payment of . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.

×





Selected products ()

Compare selections
View all products
Open an account







Remove all
|
Hide comparison






Product
APY**
Minimum balances
Available as IRA
Available as Custodial




Close chart








APY**






Minimum balances






Available as IRA






Available as Custodial










                Securely sending your request.









































 


                Maximum reached
                ×


                No more than 10 items can be selected at a time.
            



                Confirm account type for each product.
                ×










Cancel
Submit



 



Bank of America

























More products. More convenience. More ways to bank.

When you have multiple products and services, you’ll enjoy rewards and benefits unique to Bank of America customers.





Get a $100 cash rewards bonus offer

Start earning cash back on all your purchases with the BankAmericard Cash Rewards™ credit card. Plus learn how you can earn a $100 cash rewards bonus.
Learn more





Download the Mobile Banking app

Help stay in control of your accounts from almost anywhere.






Please select device.
Select your device


Select your device
iPhone
iPad
Android




Enter cell number:


Please enter your mobile phone number.


Cell phone area code - three digits number required

Cell phone prefix - three digits number required

Cell phone line number - four digits number required

Get App button



By providing your mobile number you are consenting to receive a text message. Text message fees may apply from your carrier. Text messages may be transmitted automatically.
By clicking "Get the app", you’re going to be taken to your app store.  Just a reminder — your app store site has its own privacy and security policies.





Thank You


            A message was sent to your
### at
            ###




Thank You


            The iTunes App Store is open in a new browser tab.
            Please download the App in the iTunes App Store.
        





Baby steps or big steps, we’re with you every step of the way

Schedule time to talk with a banking specialist, with same day appointments available in many locations.
Learn more







Find the right products that fit your needs and lifestyle








Get the Mobile Banking app to bank on the go
Check balances, deposit checksFootnote 1, send moneyFootnote 2 and more
You can also enroll in Online Banking Link opens in a new window to bank on your time.


Get App
By clicking "Get App", you're going to be taken to your app store. Just a reminder — your app store site has its own privacy and security polices.



Looking for online banking?
Log in






Checking
Convenient, secure access and rewarding features, such as cash back deals.Convenient, secure access and rewarding features, such as cash back deals.
More details

Get started



Credit Card
Credit Cards With No Annual Fee. Find the one that's right for you.
More details

Get started



Home Loans
Knowledgeable lending specialists, from application through closing.
More details

Get started



Small Business
A wide range of solutions for your business.
More details

Get started



Investments
Streamline your investing with Merrill Edge®.
More details

Get started





Checking
Convenient, secure access and rewarding features, such as cash back deals.
Convenient, secure access and rewarding features, such as cash back deals.
Checking Get started



Online only offer: Get $100 for a new, eligible checking account with qualifying direct deposits. Learn MoreGet a debit card with chip technologyFootnote 1Footnote 1 and $0 Liability Guarantee on fraudulent transactionsFootnote 2Footnote 2Set up customizable email and text alertsFootnote 3Footnote 3 to notify you of potential suspicious activityHave 24/7 access with Online and Mobile BankingFootnote 4Footnote 4If you misplace your debit card, temporarily lock it to help prevent unauthorized transactions.Footnote 5Footnote 5Get up to 15% on cash back deals at shops and restaurantsFootnote 6Footnote 6Access conveniently located ATMs and financial centers
Plus, multiple savings account options, including Rewards Money Market Savings accounts



Online only offer: Get $100 for a new, eligible checking account with qualifying direct deposits. Learn MoreGet a debit card with chip technologyFootnote 1Footnote 1 and $0 Liability Guarantee on fraudulent transactionsFootnote 2Footnote 2Set up customizable email and text alertsFootnote 3Footnote 3 to notify you of potential suspicious activityHave 24/7 access with Online and Mobile BankingFootnote 4Footnote 4If you misplace your debit card, temporarily lock it to help prevent unauthorized transactions.Footnote 5Footnote 5Get up to 15% on cash back deals at shops and restaurantsFootnote 6Footnote 6Access conveniently located ATMs and financial centers
Plus, multiple savings account options, including Rewards Money Market Savings Account






Credit Card
Credit Cards With No Annual Fee. Find the one that's right for you.


Get a
$100
online bonus offer


Credit Card Get started


BankAmericard Cash Rewards™ credit card
$150 online bonus offer1% cash back everywhere, every time, 2% cash back at grocery stores and wholesale clubs and 3% cash back on gas for the first $2,500 in combined grocery/wholesale club/gas purchases each quarterNo changing categoriesNo expiration on rewards10% customer bonus offer







Home Loans
Knowledgeable lending specialists, from application through closing.
Home Loans Get started



Stay confident from application to closing with help from our experienced lending specialistsApply for a competitive interest rate on a purchase or refinance loanTrack your application, upload and sign documents and more with our online Home Loan Navigator™. (Not available on certain loan typesHome Loans Footnote 1)Get interest rate discounts on a home equity line of credit







Small Business
A wide range of solutions for your business.


Get a
$200
checking offerFootnote *


Small Business Get started



$200 bonus offerFootnote * for new eligible business checking customers with $1000 in qualifying deposits within 60 days of opening the accountCredit cards - Compare and find the one that's right for your businessEasy retirement solutions for any business from self-employed to large companiesAccept credit and debit cards, gift cards and more with Bank of America Merchant Services







Investments
Streamline your investing with Merrill Edge®.
Investments Get started



See your Merrill Edge® investment and Bank of America® bank accounts with one log-inValidate your investment ideas with easy to use tools, and actionable insights$6.95 per online equity and ETF trade with no balance minimums, no trade minimums. Other fees may apply.Footnote 8Footnote 10 See detailsMerrill Edge Guided Investing—an online investment advisory program that combines the best of online investing with a professionally managed portfolio — all at a low cost




See your Merrill Edge® investment and Bank of America® bank accounts with one log-inValidate your investment ideas with easy to use tools, and actionable insights$6.95 per online equity and ETF trade with no balance minimums, no trade minimums. Other fees may apply.Footnote 8Footnote 10 See detailsMerrill Edge Guided Investing—an online investment advisory program that combines the best of online investing with a professionally managed portfolio — all at a low cost.










Meet Mobile Banking
Get some of your favorite Online Banking features and more—right on your smartphone.
Get app




Boost yourretirement investing
Get up to$600when you invest in a Merrill Edge® account
Learn more



Get $100 for a new, eligible checking account with qualifying direct deposits.
Learn more









Close Popup window


Advertising Practices
We strive to provide you with information about products and services you might find interesting and useful. Relationship-based ads and online behavioral advertising help us do that.
Here's how it works: We gather information about your online activities, such as the searches you conduct on our Sites and the pages you visit. This information may be used to deliver advertising on our Sites and offline (for example, by phone, email and direct mail) that's customized to meet specific interests you may have.
If you prefer that we do not use this information, you may opt out of online behavioral advertising. If you opt out, though, you may still receive generic advertising. In addition, financial advisors/Client Managers may continue to use information collected online to provide product and service information in accordance with account agreements.
Also, if you opt out of online behavioral advertising, you may still see ads when you sign in to your account, for example through Online Banking or MyMerrill. These ads are based on your specific account relationships with us.
To learn more about relationship-based ads, online behavioral advertising and our privacy practices, please review the Bank of America Online Privacy Notice and our Online Privacy FAQs.







You are now leaving a Bank of America page

                By clicking “Continue” you will be taken to a website not affiliated with Bank of America and may offer a different privacy policy and level of security. Bank of America is not responsible for and does not endorse, guarantee or monitor content, availability, viewpoints, products, or services that are offered or expressed on other websites.
            

Continue
Return to Bank of America











Bank of America - $100 Online Only Checking Offer














Deposits


Checking Accounts






$100
Online only offer
See below for details.




Online only: $100 offer for new checking customers
Get $100 when you open a new, eligible checking account with 2 qualifying direct deposits of $250 or more within 90 days*
See below for details







Bank of AmericaCore Checking®


Open Core Checking now

 



Bank of AmericaInterest Checking®


Open Interest Checking now






Core Checking: If you want the basics
Good for you if you use direct deposit and want a straightforward checking account.




Core Checking: Convenient 24/7 access
with Online and Mobile Banking,Footnote 1 debit chip card,Footnote 2 plus thousands of ATMs and financial centers.




Core Checking: Waive the $12 monthly maintenance fee
with direct deposit or daily balance requirements.






Interest Checking: If you want more
Good for you if you keep higher balances across multiple accounts and want to earn interest.




Interest Checking: Earn interest and more
complimentary benefits in addition to all the features of Bank of America Core Checking®.




Interest Checking: Waive the $25 monthly maintenance fee
with combined balance requirements across eligible linked accounts.






Compare features
Expand allCollapse all


$100 Online Only Offer details*

 
Both Checking
Open a Bank of America Core Checking® or Bank of America Interest Checking® account through this page by December 31, 2017.
and
Set up and receive at least two qualifying direct deposits of $250 or more each within the first 90 days of opening your new checking account.
This offer is only for new Bank of America customers who don't already have a personal checking account with us and who open a checking account through this offer page.





Monthly maintenance fee

 
Core Checking
No monthly maintenance fee for each statement cycle that you:
Have at least one Qualifying Direct Deposit of $250 or more
or
maintain a minimum daily balance of $1,500 or more.

Students under age 24 are eligible to have this fee waived while enrolled in high school, college, university, or a vocational program.Footnote 3
Preferred Rewards clients get this fee waived.
Otherwise a$12 monthly maintenance fee


Interest Checking
No monthly maintenance fee for each statement cycle that you:
Maintain a combined balance* of at least $10,000 or more.

*Combined balances include:
The average daily balance in eligible linked checking, savings, and money market savings accounts for the statement cycle
and
The current balances in linked personal CDs and IRAs at the end of the Interest Checking statement cycle
and
The current balances (2 business days before the end of the Interest Checking statement cycle) in your eligible Merrill Edge® and Merrill Lynch® investment accounts.

Preferred Rewards clients get this fee waived.
Otherwise a$25 monthly maintenance fee





Benefits and convenience

 
Core Checking
24/7 Access with Online and Mobile BankingFootnote 1
Customizable email and text alertsFootnote 4 to notify you of suspicious activity
Debit card with chip technologyFootnote 2 and $0 Liability GuaranteeFootnote 5
Ability to temporarily lock your misplaced debit card to help prevent unauthorized transactionsFootnote 6
Great cash back deals with BankAmeriDeals®Footnote 7
Conveniently located ATMs and financial centers


Interest Checking
All the features of Bank of America Core Checking®, PLUS:
Interest on the balances of this account
3 additional Interest Checking® accounts and 4 savings accountswith no monthly maintenance fee
No fee for Overdraft ProtectionFootnote 8transfers from an eligible linked deposit account
No fees for standard checks and incoming domestic wires





Low opening deposit

 
Core Checking
$25 or more
Open a Bank of America Core Checking® account with an initial deposit of as little as $25.


Interest Checking
$100 or more
Open a Bank of America Interest Checking® account with an initial deposit of $100.





Annual percentage yield

 
Core Checking
Does not apply


Interest Checking
Interest is compounded and credited to your account monthly





Need more information? Learn more about these checking accounts.










Close Popup window


Advertising Practices
We strive to provide you with information about products and services you might find interesting and useful. Relationship-based ads and online behavioral advertising help us do that.
Here's how it works: We gather information about your online activities, such as the searches you conduct on our Sites and the pages you visit. This information may be used to deliver advertising on our Sites and offline (for example, by phone, email and direct mail) that's customized to meet specific interests you may have.
If you prefer that we do not use this information, you may opt out of online behavioral advertising. If you opt out, though, you may still receive generic advertising. In addition, financial advisors/Client Managers may continue to use information collected online to provide product and service information in accordance with account agreements.
Also, if you opt out of online behavioral advertising, you may still see ads when you sign in to your account, for example through Online Banking or MyMerrill. These ads are based on your specific account relationships with us.
To learn more about relationship-based ads, online behavioral advertising and our privacy practices, please review the Bank of America Online Privacy Notice and our Online Privacy FAQs.





close popup window

Qualifying direct deposit
A qualifying direct deposit is a recurring direct deposit of a paycheck, pension, Social Security or other eligible regular monthly income, electronically deposited by an employer or an outside agency into your new checking account. Please note, this does not include a transfer done via ATM, online, or teller, or a transfer from a bank or brokerage account, Merrill Edge® or Merrill Lynch® account.









Bank of America credit cards to meet your needs



























Skip to Compare Content


Manage my account

Link opens a new window












a lower interest rate
more cash back
travel rewards






BankAmericard Cash Rewards™ credit card
More cash back for the things you buy most.


NEW OFFER



Apply now Link opens a new window



1% cash back everywhere, every time
2% cash back at grocery stores and wholesale clubs
3% cash back on gas

2% and 3% category rewards bonuses apply on up to $2,500 in combined quarterly spend in those categories.
†Terms and Conditions  Link opens in a new window

+


No annual fee†
No changing categories
Get a 10% customer bonus
every time you redeem cash back into your Bank of America® checking or savings account.



 †Terms and Conditions Link opens a new window




Get even more cash back with the Preferred Rewards programopens a pop up window.
                        






BankAmericard Travel Rewards® credit card
Use your points for more than just flights.





Apply now Link opens in a new window


Unlimited 1.5 points
for every $1 you spend on all
                                         purchases, everywhere, every time.
                                        

 No expiration on your points.

 †Terms and Conditions Link opens in a new window


+


No annual fee†
No foreign transaction fees†
Get an additional 10% customer points bonus

                                                on every purchase when you have an active Bank of America® checking or savings account.
                                            



 †Terms and Conditions Link opens in a new window





                            Get even more points with the Preferred Rewards programopens a pop up window.
                        






BankAmericard credit card
Save on interest to help you pay down your balance faster.



NEW OFFER

Save
on interest
Apply now Link opens a new window


Low intro APR and intro balance transfer fee offers†

+


No annual fee†

No Penalty APR†
Paying late won’t automatically raise your interest rate (APR). Other account pricing and terms apply.


One of the lowest available interest
rates offered by Bank of America



 †Terms and Conditions Link opens in a new window










Bank of America Preferred RewardsGet more rewards with your everyday banking™
Preferred Rewards gives you benefits and rewards across your eligible Bank of America® banking and Merrill Edge® investment accounts. When you are enrolled in the program, you will increase your BankAmericard Cash Rewards™ 10% customer bonus to a 25% - 75% rewards bonus every time you redeem your cash rewards directly into your Bank of America® checking or savings account.
To learn more about this program call
                        1.888.888.7937.
 





Bank of America Preferred RewardsGet more rewards with your everyday banking™
Preferred Rewards gives you benefits and rewards across your eligible Bank of America® banking and Merrill Edge® investment accounts. When you are enrolled in the program, you will increase your BankAmericard Travel Rewards® 10% customer points bonus to a 25% - 75% rewards bonus on every purchase.
To learn more about this program call
                        1.888.888.7937.
 











Compare and find the card that’s right for you
Bank of America has a wide variety of credit cards to meet your needs.
                            Review the chart below to find one that best suits you.



Credit card offers customized for you

Get a response in as little as 60 seconds
Viewing the offers will not impact
                                    your credit score
Safe, easy and secure



Check for offers












CARDS






BankAmericardCash Rewards™credit card
†Terms and Conditions Link opens a new window


Apply now Link opens a new window








BankAmericardTravel Rewards®credit card
†Terms and Conditions Link opens a new window


Apply now Link opens a new window








BankAmericard®credit card

†Terms and Conditions Link opens a new window


Apply now Link opens a new window





CUSTOMER RATINGS &AMP; REVIEWS

Overall rating
4.4/5 stars (27,105 reviews)





See all reviews





BankAmericard Cash Rewards™ credit card


                                        Average overall rating:
                                        



                                            4.4/5 stars based on 27,105 customer reviews
                                        
                                        Recommendation:
                                        
90% of surveyed customers would recommend this card to a friend
                                        


                                        Highest rated features of this card:
                                        

32%
No annual fee (8,594)


23%
3% on gas (6,260)


14%
10% redemption bonus (3,753)






                                                Featured 4-5 star review:
                                                jj
Overall rating:
                                                    



One of the best cards I have ever had. Good rewards program and love the cash back bonus for redeeming into my Bank of America accounts. 


                                                Featured 1-3 star review:
                                                Ron
Overall rating:
                                                    



It should include benefits like rental car insurance, road assistance, no foreign transaction fees. And also to give access to the list of benefits our online account. 



                                            Additional reviews:
                                            




See Important Information About Reviews [+]

Ratings and reviews are voluntarily submitted by bank customers who have completed a customer feedback survey and are screened against moderation standards prior to publication. Ratings and reviews presented should not be interpreted as the opinions of all customers and are shared for informational purposes only. Not all bank products are included and depending upon your circumstances, there may be products which are more appropriate for you. Bank of America makes no guarantees about the accuracy and/or completeness of such reviews and assumes no liability for any actions taken in reliance upon such customer reviews.
The numerical and visual star rating represents the average total number of accepted reviews per product based on a five star rating scale. The percentage of customers who would recommend the product to a friend represents the average number of “yes” responses to the survey question. Featured reviews are selected based on subjective criteria for marketing purposes. Bank of America reserves the right to remove published reviews at any time and at its discretion. Reviews were selected from all submitted reviews, as of 9/30/2016.


Close





Overall rating
4.4/5 stars (4,158 reviews)





See all reviews





BankAmericard Travel Rewards® credit card


                                        Average overall rating:
                                        



                                            4.4/5 stars based on 4,158 customer reviews
                                        
                                        Recommendation:
                                        
90% of surveyed customers would recommend this card to a friend
                                        


                                        Highest rated features of this card:
                                        

42%
No foreign transaction fees (1,760)


18%
Earning 1.5 points per $1 on every purchase (746)


10%
I can pay myself back with statement credit (400)






                                                Featured 4-5 star review:
                                                Taylor
Overall rating:
                                                    



This card is extremely user friendly and I had no issues with it using it both cross country and abroad, highly recommended!


                                                Featured 1-3 star review:
                                                Y
Overall rating:
                                                    



Ok travel card but should have more flexibility to add travel alerts and foreign purchases. Should offer email and text alerts about potential fraud.



                                            Additional reviews:
                                            




See Important Information About Reviews [+]

Ratings and reviews are voluntarily submitted by bank customers who have completed a customer feedback survey and are screened against moderation standards prior to publication. Ratings and reviews presented should not be interpreted as the opinions of all customers and are shared for informational purposes only. Not all bank products are included and depending upon your circumstances, there may be products which are more appropriate for you. Bank of America makes no guarantees about the accuracy and/or completeness of such reviews and assumes no liability for any actions taken in reliance upon such customer reviews.
The numerical and visual star rating represents the average total number of accepted reviews per product based on a five star rating scale. The percentage of customers who would recommend the product to a friend represents the average number of “yes” responses to the survey question. Featured reviews are selected based on subjective criteria for marketing purposes. Bank of America reserves the right to remove published reviews at any time and at its discretion. Reviews were selected from all submitted reviews, as of 9/30/2016.


Close





Overall rating
4.2/5 stars (9,240 reviews)





See all reviews





BankAmericard® credit card


                                        Average overall rating:
                                        



                                            4.2/5 stars based on 9,240 customer reviews
                                        
                                        Recommendation:
                                        
79% of surveyed customers would recommend this card to a friend
                                        


                                        Highest rated features of this card:
                                        

43%
No annual fee (3,956)


11%
Lower interest rate (1,040)


10%
Other (961)






                                                Featured 4-5 star review:
                                                Dave
Overall rating:
                                                    



To date my card has been beneficial in many of my financial transactions allowing me to save money from high interest alternatives.


                                                Featured 1-3 star review:
                                                Will
Overall rating:
                                                    



I think the card is pretty solid. I would like a lower interest rate, but overall no complaints



                                            Additional reviews:
                                            




See Important Information About Reviews [+]

Ratings and reviews are voluntarily submitted by bank customers who have completed a customer feedback survey and are screened against moderation standards prior to publication. Ratings and reviews presented should not be interpreted as the opinions of all customers and are shared for informational purposes only. Not all bank products are included and depending upon your circumstances, there may be products which are more appropriate for you. Bank of America makes no guarantees about the accuracy and/or completeness of such reviews and assumes no liability for any actions taken in reliance upon such customer reviews.
The numerical and visual star rating represents the average total number of accepted reviews per product based on a five star rating scale. The percentage of customers who would recommend the product to a friend represents the average number of “yes” responses to the survey question. Featured reviews are selected based on subjective criteria for marketing purposes. Bank of America reserves the right to remove published reviews at any time and at its discretion. Reviews were selected from all submitted reviews, as of 9/30/2016.


Close







CARD BENEFITS

Cash rewards

$150 cash rewards bonus after making at least $500 in purchases in the first 90 days
                            
1% on purchases everywhere, every time
                            2% at grocery stores and wholesale clubs
                            3% on gas
                            Up to $2,500 in grocery/wholesale club/gas quarterly spend

No changing categories
                            No expiration on rewards
                            10% customer bonus offer
                            


Travel rewards

20,000 bonus points after making at least $1,000 in purchases in the first 90 days
                            
Unlimited 1.5 points for every $1 you spend on all purchases everywhere, every time
                            
No expiration on your points
                            
No blackout dates
                            No booking restrictions
                            No foreign transaction fees†
10% customer points bonus offer
                        

Save on interest


Low intro APR and intro balance transfer fee offers†

One of our lowest available interest rates offered by Bank of America
                            
Save on interest to help pay down your balance faster
                            
No Penalty APR†
Paying late won’t automatically raise your interest rate (APR). Other account pricing and terms apply.
                        


ANNUAL FEE†
$0
$0
$0


APR†

                            Low intro APR offer†

†See Terms and Conditions for Cash Rewards card Link opens in a new window
for rate, fee and other cost information.
                        

                            Low intro APR offer†

†See Terms and Conditions for Travel Rewards card Link opens in a new window
for rate, fee and other cost information.
                        

                            Low intro APR offer†

†See Terms and Conditions for credit card Link opens in a new window
for rate, fee and other cost information.
                        




CHIP-ENABLED





 Link opens a pop up window

Chip Cards
Chip technology provides enhanced security and protection when making purchases at chip-enabled terminals. Soon to be the security standard in the U.S. and accepted in more than 130 countries. Learn more about chip cardsLink opens a new window










 Link opens a pop up window

Chip Cards
Chip technology provides enhanced security and protection when making purchases at chip-enabled terminals. Soon to be the security standard in the U.S. and accepted in more than 130 countries. Learn more about chip cardsLink opens a new window










 Link opens a pop up window

Chip Cards
Chip technology provides enhanced security and protection when making purchases at chip-enabled terminals. Soon to be the security standard in the U.S. and accepted in more than 130 countries. Learn more about chip cardsLink opens a new window












PREFERRED REWARDS





 See preferred rewards details for Cash Rewards. Link opens a pop up window

Preferred Rewards
Preferred Rewards gives you benefits and rewards across your eligible Bank of America® banking and Merrill Edge® investment accounts. When you are enrolled in the program, you will increase your BankAmericard Cash Rewards™ 10% customer bonus to a 25% - 75% rewards bonus every time you redeem your cash rewards directly into your Bank of America® checking or savings account.
To learn more about this program call 1.888.888.7937.










 See preferred rewards details for Travel Rewards. Link opens a pop up window

Preferred Rewards
Preferred Rewards gives you benefits and rewards across your eligible Bank of America® banking and Merrill Edge® investment accounts. When you are enrolled in the program, you will increase your BankAmericard Travel Rewards® 10% customer points bonus to a 25%-75% rewards bonus on every purchase.
To learn more about this program call
1.888.888.7937.













Please refer to the Terms and Conditions link for each card above for information about the rates, fees, other costs and benefits of these credit cards.





You always get

$0 Liability Guarantee, which helps protect you from fraudulent card transactions
Use of our network of financial centers and ATMs
Access to our award-winning Online Banking service






You can also call 877.754.6707







Credit card programs are issued and administered by Bank of America, N.A. Mastercard is a registered trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated and is used by the issuer pursuant to license. Visa and Visa Signature are registered trademarks of Visa International Service Association and are used by the issuer pursuant to license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. BankAmericard Cash Rewards is a trademark and BankAmericard, BankAmericard Travel Rewards, Bank of America and the Bank of America logo are registered trademarks of Bank of America Corporation.
Important Information Concerning Client Ratings and Reviews:

Ratings and reviews are voluntarily submitted by bank customers who have completed a customer feedback survey and are screened against moderation standards prior to publication. Ratings and reviews presented should not be interpreted as the opinions of all customers and are shared for informational purposes only. Not all bank products are included and depending upon your circumstances, there may be products which are more appropriate for you. Bank of America makes no guarantees about the accuracy and/or completeness of such reviews and assumes no liability for any actions taken in reliance upon such customer reviews.
The numerical and visual star rating represents the average total number of accepted reviews per product based on a five star rating scale. The percentage of customers who would recommend the product to a friend represents the average number of “yes” responses to the survey question. Featured reviews are selected based on subjective criteria for marketing purposes. Bank of America reserves the right to remove published reviews at any time and at its discretion. Reviews were selected from all submitted reviews, as of 9/30/16.
Privacy & Security Link opens a new window |
                Advertising Practices
Bank of America, N.A. Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender  Link opens a new window
 ©  Bank of America Corporation.

            ARHH73CX




Close Popup window


Advertising Practices
We strive to provide you with information about products and services you might find interesting and useful. Relationship-based ads and online behavioral advertising help us do that.
Here's how it works: We gather information about your online activities, such as the searches you conduct on our Sites and the pages you visit. This information may be used to deliver advertising on our Sites and offline (for example, by phone, email and direct mail) that's customized to meet specific interests you may have.
If you prefer that we do not use this information, you may opt out of online behavioral advertising. If you opt out, though, you may still receive generic advertising. In addition, financial advisors/Client Managers may continue to use information collected online to provide product and service information in accordance with account agreements.
Also, if you opt out of online behavioral advertising, you may still see ads when you sign in to your account, for example through Online Banking or MyMerrill. These ads are based on your specific account relationships with us.
To learn more about relationship-based ads, online behavioral advertising and our privacy practices, please review the Bank of America Online Privacy Notice and our Online Privacy FAQs.



















Savings Accounts - Open a Savings Account Online

























Skip to main content














Savings Accounts - Open a Savings Account Online
Bank of America savings accounts fit your individual and family saving goals. Open a savings account online.
savings account, savings, saving, savings accounts, saving account, open a savings account, open savings account online, open savings account, open a savings account online









Bank of America








Sign In


Sign In



                                        En español
                                    






Search Term







Show/Hide Menu of Related Links






















                                Savings Accounts


                        













Savings accounts tomeet your needs
Savings accounts tomeet your needs
Savings accounts to meetyour needs





Compare accounts
Compare accounts


Complete Saved Application
Complete a saved application






















Regular Savings Account


You need a basic savings account
 or $0 monthly fee or $0 monthly fee
$0 monthly fee with a minimum daily balance of $300 per statement cycle
Other easy ways to get a $0 monthly fee for Regular Savings Account


Open Regular Savings Account nowLearn more About Regular Savings Account








Rewards Money Market Savings Account


You have higher balances and want to earn a higher interest rate
 or $0 monthly fee or $0 monthly fee
$0 monthly fee with a minimum daily balance of $2,500 per statement cycle
Other easy ways to get a $0 monthly fee for Money Market Savings Account


Open Reward Money Market Savings Account nowLearn more About Reward Money Market Savings Account









Not sure? Compare savings accounts



Regular Savings Account


Rewards Money Market Savings Account






Open now






Open now










                        Standard Annual Percentage Yield (APY)Footnote3




                        Standard Annual Percentage Yield (APY)Footnote3



%


%





                        Preferred Rewards clients receive an interest rate boosterFootnote4 with a higher APYFootnote3




                        Preferred Rewards clients receive an interest rate boosterFootnote4 with a higher APYFootnote3



n/a


% Gold
% Platinum
% Platinum Honors





                        Minimum opening deposit
                    



                        Minimum opening deposit
                    











                        Can be used for Overdraft Protection to cover Bank of America checking accountsFootnote5




                        Can be used for Overdraft Protection to cover Bank of America checking accountsFootnote5



This feature is supported


This feature is supported





                        FDIC insured
                    



                        FDIC insured
                    


This feature is supported


This feature is supported



Fees and Policies




                        No monthly maintenance fee for each statement cycle that you:
                    



                        No monthly maintenance fee for each statement cycle that you:
                    








                                Maintain a minimum daily balance of at least 


or







                                Link your Bank of America Interest Checking® account to your Regular Savings account (waiver applies to first 4 savings accounts)
                              

or







                                When you are a Bank of America Preferred Rewards client (waiver applies to first 4 checking and savings accounts)
                              


You may also make combined monthly automatic transfers of  or more from your Bank of America checking account to your savings account during the immediately preceding statement cycle.Effective with statement cycles that start on or after September 7, 2017, you will no longer be able to use automatic transfers to avoid the $5 Monthly Maintenance Fee for the next statement cycle.








                                Maintain a minimum daily balance of at least 


or







                                Link your Bank of America Interest Checking® account to your Rewards Money Market Savings account (waiver applies to first 4 savings accounts)
                              

or







                                When you are a Bank of America Preferred Rewards client (waiver applies to first 4 checking and savings accounts)
                              














Or pay /month


Or pay /month





                        Withdrawal Limit Fee
                    



                        Withdrawal Limit Fee
                    


Make a total of  transfers and withdrawals each monthly statement cycle with no Withdrawal Limit Fee.  A  fee applies for each withdrawal or transfer exceeding  in a monthly statement cycle.Footnote1
Other limits apply to certain types of withdrawals and transfers.Footnote2


Make a total of  transfers and withdrawals each monthly statement cycle with no Withdrawal Limit Fee.  A  fee applies for each withdrawal or transfer exceeding 6 in a monthly statement cycle.Footnote1
Other limits apply to certain types of withdrawals and transfers.Footnote2





                        Other fees and information
                    



                        Other fees and information
                    


View the Bank of America Regular Savings Account Clarity Statement®


View the Bank of America Rewards Money Market Savings Account Clarity Statement®




Comparison of Accounts



Regular Savings Account
Rewards Money Market Savings Account




Standard Annual Percentage Yield (APY)Footnote3
% %  

Preferred Rewards clients receive an interest rate boosterFootnote4 with a higher APYFootnote3
n/a % Gold % Platinum % Platinum Honors  

Minimum opening deposit
   

Can be used for Overdraft Protection to cover Bank of America checking accountsFootnote5
This feature is supportedThis feature is supported 

FDIC insured
This feature is supportedThis feature is supported 

No monthly maintenance fee for each statement cycle that you:
Maintain a minimum daily balance of at least  Link your Bank of America Interest Checking® account to your Regular Savings account (waiver applies to first 4 savings accounts) When you are a Bank of America Preferred Rewards client (waiver applies to first 4 checking and savings accounts) Maintain a minimum daily balance of at least  Link your Bank of America Interest Checking® account to your Rewards Money Market Savings account (waiver applies to first 4 savings accounts) When you are a Bank of America Preferred Rewards client (waiver applies to first 4 checking and savings accounts)  


Or pay /month Or pay /month  

Withdrawal Limit Fee
Make a total of  transfers and withdrawals each monthly statement cycle with no Withdrawal Limit Fee.  A  fee applies for each withdrawal or transfer exceeding  in a monthly statement cycle.Footnote1 Other limits apply to certain types of withdrawals and transfers.Footnote2 Make a total of  transfers and withdrawals each monthly statement cycle with no Withdrawal Limit Fee.  A  fee applies for each withdrawal or transfer exceeding 6 in a monthly statement cycle.Footnote1 Other limits apply to certain types of withdrawals and transfers.Footnote2  

Other fees and information
View the Bank of America Regular Savings Account Clarity Statement® View the Bank of America Rewards Money Market Savings Account Clarity Statement®  







Other available savings accounts







Savings Accounts for Children


Accounts designed to help you save for a child's future


Learn more about savings accounts for children








CDs and IRAs


Looking for a more long-term savings option? Investigate other types of accounts


Learn more about CDs
Learn more about IRAs






















All savings accounts come with...
All savings accounts come with...




FDIC insurance




Online Banking




Mobile Banking




Alerts




Automatic Transfers




Debit chip card





FDIC insurance

Balances are insured up to applicable limits. Learn more about FDIC insurance



Online Banking

Our online website and mobile appFootnote6 ensure you get convenient savings account access whenever and almost wherever you are.



Mobile BankingFootnote6

Get convenient account access, now with fingerprint sign-in and Touch ID®.Footnote7 Use our free mobile app to deposit checksFootnote8, check balances, pay billsFootnote9, transfer moneyFootnote10 and locate ATMs and financial centers on the go.  Plus, with our customizable mobile app alertsFootnote11 you can stay informed of just about everything that happens with your savings account.



AlertsFootnote12

With Bank of America alerts, you can choose to be notified about a change to your account that's important to you. From monitoring your balance, to tracking a deposit, to paying a bill, just choose when and how you want to be notified.



Automatic transfers

Set up automatic transfers to help build your savings. Simply choose the amount and frequency you want to transfer money. Plus make changes anytime.Footnote1



Debit chip card

Debit cards are a convenient way to pay for everyday purchases - in person or online. All debit cards come with chip technologyFootnote13 for added security when used at terminals or ATMs that are chip-enabled and $0 Liability GuaranteeFootnote14 to help protect you if your card is lost or stolen.
















Why choose Bank of America?
Why choose Bank of America?







Save more
Build your savings automatically with our Keep the Change® savings programFootnote15



Learn more about Keep the Change







Bank of AmericaPreferred Rewards
Get more rewards with your everyday banking™



Learn more about Preferred Rewards







Financial network
Access to our network of financial centers, ATMs, and Online, MobileFootnote6 and TextFootnote16 Banking



Find a financial center near you









Resources to help you manage your money




  	        		Short TermSavings Calculator
  	        	

  	        		Short TermSavings Calculator
  	        	

    	        		See how long it takes to save for things you want in life
    	        	

 


Savings Goal Calculator 




 8 simple ways to save money 
 Create a safety net for life's unexpected events 
 Which type of savings account is right for you? 
















Looking for more information about savings accounts?

We're here to help. Find out more about what matters to you.




Complete a saved application
Personal Schedule of Fees
Deposit Agreement and Disclosures
Bank Account Interest Rates















					Information for:
				

 Zip code    


Go




 Please select your county  



Select a county


Select


Go






 Enter your zip code  


Please enter the zip code for your home address so we can give you accurate rate and fee information for your location.


 Zip code    


Go
















Contact Us


Schedule an appointment


Schedule an appointment


Call us


Phone number:844.375.7027



 









 
                    Legal Information and Disclosures
            







 



Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.Investment products:



Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value


Are Not Deposits
Are Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency
Are Not a Condition to Any Banking Service or Activity



Merrill Edge, available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated ("MLPF&S"), consists of Merrill Edge Advisory Center (investment guidance) or self-directed online investing.
Merrill Lynch Wealth Management makes available products and services offered by Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated.
MLPF&S is a registered broker-dealer, Member SIPC and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.
MasterCard is a registered trademark of MasterCard International Incorporated, and is used pursuant to license. Visa is a registered trademark of Visa International Service Association, and is used pursuant to license from Visa U.S.A. Inc.. Touch ID is a registered trademark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.
"Get more rewards with your everyday banking" is a trademark and Merrill Edge, Merrill Lynch, Keep the Change, Bank of America Interest Checking, Bank of America and the Bank of America logo are registered trademarks of Bank of America Corporation.









Bank of America


Savings








 Checking Open

Checking

Checking Home
Bank of America Interest Checking®
Bank of America Core Checking®
SafeBalance Banking® Account
Debit Cards
Checking Clarity Statement®




 Savings Open

Savings

Savings Home
Rewards Money Market Savings
Regular Savings
Child Savings
Custodial (UTMA) Savings




 CDs Open

CDs

CD Home
Featured CD
Standard Term CD




 IRAs Open

IRAs

IRA Home
Bank IRAs
Merrill Edge® IRAs




 Managing Your Account Open

Managing Your Account

Budgeting & Saving
Managing Your Bank Accounts
FAQs
Glossary
Short Term Savings Tool
BankAmeriDeals®
Keep the Change®
Switch to Bank of America




 Access Accounts Open

Access Accounts

Sign in to Online Banking
Set up Direct Deposit
Personal Schedule of Fees
Request a Debit Card
Deposit Agreement and Disclosures










Home

Privacy & Security

Careers

Feedback

Sitemap

Advertising Practices
 Advertising Practices  We strive to provide you with information about products and services you might find interesting and useful. Relationship-based ads and online behavioral advertising help us do that.Here's how it works: We gather information about your online activities, such as the searches you conduct on our Sites and the pages you visit. This information may be used to deliver advertising on our Sites and offline (for example, by phone, email and direct mail) that's customized to meet specific interests you may have.If you prefer that we do not use this information, you may opt out of online behavioral advertising. If you opt out, though, you may still receive generic advertising. In addition, financial advisors/Client Managers may continue to use information collected online to provide product and service information in accordance with account agreements.Also, if you opt out of online behavioral advertising, you may still see ads when you sign in to your account, for example through Online Banking or MyMerrill. These ads are based on your specific account relationships with us.To learn more about relationship-based ads, online behavioral advertising and our privacy practices, please review Bank of America Online Privacy Notice and our Online Privacy FAQs. 












Bank of America, N.A. Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
© 2017 Bank of America Corporation.  All rights reserved.

















Learn about Mortgages, Refinancing and Home Equity from Bank of AmericaSkip to main contentLearn about Mortgages, Refinancing and Home Equity from Bank of America Learn the steps, benefits, and considerations of the home buying and loan process. Explore mortgage, refinance and home equity options. learn about mortgages, learn about refinancing, learn about home equity, learn about home loans Bank of America Sign inSign inLocationsEn españolSearch TermShow/Hide Menu  related links Learn About Home LoansKnowing more about home loans can help you better manage your financial life.MortgagesRefinancingHome Equity failure Get a call backfrom one of our lending specialists Your contact information*requiredYour first name * Input your first nameYour last name * Input your last nameYour phone number * Input your phone numberYour ZIP code *    We ask for your ZIP code because we need to know your time zone so we can call you during the appropriate business hours.Your email address *    We ask for your email address so that we can contact you in the event we're unable to reach you by phone. If you're concerned about receiving marketing email from us, you can update your privacy choices anytime in the Privacy and Security area of our website.By submitting this form, you authorize Bank of America to contact you at the telephone number or email provided here, even if you’ve previously registered on a Do Not Call registry or requested that we not send you marketing information by email. You agree we may use an auto-dialer to reach you. You understand that you are not required to consent to receiving autodialed calls/texts as a condition of purchasing any Bank of America products or services. Any cellular/mobile telephone number you provide may incur charges from your mobile service provider.SubmitCancelUnderstand your mortgage optionsUnderstand your mortgage optionsWith so many different types of mortgages available, choosing the right one can seem overwhelming. We're here to clearly explain your options.Read more about common mortgage typesRead more about common mortgage typesAvoid some of the most common home-buying mistakesBuying a home is a big decision – and there are lots of small decisions to make along the way.Explore home-buying tipsExplore home-buying tipsYour down payment plays an important roleWhen you're considering buying a home, the amount of your down payment plays an important role.See how it affects your home loanSee how it affects your home loanView more mortgage articlesWhat is mortgage prequalification?What is mortgage prequalification?How mortgages are approvedHow mortgages are approvedGuide to the mortgage processGuide to the mortgage processHow to apply for a mortgageHow to apply for a mortgageHow much home can your budget handle?How much home can your budget handle?Extend your financial know-how with even more information to help you make more confident decisionsLearn more about mortgages at Better Money HabitsResources and toolsMortgage ratesMortgage calculatorDown Payment Resource CenterSearch for down payment and cost savings programs that can help make buying a home more affordableReal Estate CenterSearch millions of existing homes, new homes, and bank-owned propertiesCity, state * City, stateGo Go to real estate centerYour home loan made easyStart onlineSubmit your prequalification request online: There's no cost and no obligation — and it only takes about 5 minutes.Visit our Real Estate Center to search for homes and find home values.Work with a specialistOur experienced lending specialists — rated 4.8 stars out of 5 on Zillow as of 2/1/17 by thousands of customers like you — will help you every step of the way.Prepare for closingSecurely upload and e-sign documents using the Home Loan Navigator.Visit our home loans overview page to explore your mortgage options.Refinancing to a fixed rateRefinancing to a fixed rateSwitching from an adjustable-rate mortgage (or ARM) to a fixed-rate mortgage is one of the most common reasons to finance.Read more about refinancingRead more about refinancingRefinancing to lower your monthly mortgage paymentBefore you decide if refinancing is the right choice for you, take a look at some of the details.Learn how refinancing can affect your budgetLearn how refinancing can affect your budgetEvaluate the equity in your homeThe amount of available equity plays an important role when you apply for a home equity line of credit.Learn how the available equity could affect your financing optionsLearn how the available equity could affect your financing optionsView more refinance articlesAPR vs. interest rateAPR vs. interest rateApplying for a refinance loanApplying for a refinance loanWhat is cash-out refinance?What is cash-out refinance?What happens at closing?What happens at closing?Extend your financial know-how with even more information to help you make more confident decisionsLearn more about refinancing at Better Money HabitsResources and toolsRefinance ratesRefinance calculatorReal Estate CenterSearch for homes and see your home’s estimated value in secondsYour home loan made easyStart onlineSubmit your prequalification request online: There's no cost and no obligation — and it only takes about 5 minutes.Work with a specialistOur experienced lending specialists — rated 4.8 stars out of 5 on Zillow as of 2/1/17 by thousands of customers like you — will help you every step of the way.Prepare for closingSubmit your documents securely online using the Home Loan Navigator.Visit our home loans overview page to explore your refinance options.What is a home equity line of credit (HELOC)?What is a home equity line of credit (HELOC)?A HELOC is a revolving line of credit that you can use for large expenses or to consolidate higher-interest rate debt.Read more about a home equity line of creditRead more about a home equity line of creditEvaluating the available equity you have in your homeThe more equity you have, the more refinancing options may be available to you.See how equity affects your refinancing optionsSee how equity affects your refinancing optionsShould you refinance or take out a home equity line of credit?If you're interested in borrowing against your home's available equity to pay for other expenses, you have choices.Learn about borrowing against your home’s equityLearn about borrowing against your home’s equityView more home equity articlesUnderstanding your debt-to-income-ratioUnderstanding your debt-to-income-ratioSmart ways to use home equityHow much home can your budget handle?How much home can your budget handle?Extend your financial know-how with even more information to help you make more confident decisionsLearn more about refinancing at Better Money HabitsResources and toolsHome equity ratesHome equity calculatorReal Estate CenterSee your home’s estimated value in secondsYour home equity line of credit made easyStart onlineSubmit your secure application online — there’s no fee and no obligation, and it only takes about 15 minutes. Start your application now.Work with a specialistOur experienced specialists will help you every step of the way – and if you decide that predictable monthly payments for a fixed term is best for you, they’ll help you with a Fixed-Rate Loan Option.Complete the processSave time and securely upload documents online. If approved, you can enjoy the convenience of closing at a financial centerfinancial center of your choice. After that, you can easily access your new home equity line of credit asyou need it.Visit our home loans overview page to see what home equity can do for you.The loan process just got easierBank of America’s Home Loan Navigator™ lets you view the current status and details of your application, easily sign and securely submit loan documents and more. Your lending specialist will also be there to help you every step of the way.(Music)Good MorningHiHiSo...What do you think? I think it's perfect.Music: I've been in an endless dream, waiting for the light that's going to wake me.Did you see the note?Ah, yes.Do not forget.Hey buddy, wanna help me take this photo?Got to get lined up there, and press the button.Good Work.Music: ...it's the only sound...Music: ...I feel my feet on the ground.We got approved!Yes babe!How exciting!We did it!Music: I will feel alright.oh we are so excited.Music: I will feel alright.Music: HomewardAlright, we ready?Music: HomewardPlay video Replay video Pause videoPlay video Replay video Pause video0:00 / 0:00Press C to enable closed captioning. Press C to disable closed captioning.Press V to activate volume control. Use the Up and Down arrow keys to adjust the volume.Press F to enable full-screen mode. Press F to exit full-screen mode. View Transcript Transcript collapsed. Press T to show the transcript.Transcript(Music)Good MorningHiHiSo...What do you think? I think it's perfect.Music: I've been in an endless dream, waiting for the light that's going to wake me.Did you see the note?Ah, yes.Do not forget.Hey buddy, wanna help me take this photo?Got to get lined up there, and press the button.Good Work.Music: ...it's the only sound...Music: ...I feel my feet on the ground.We got approved!Yes babe!Music: I will feel alright.How exciting!We did it!Music: I will feel alright.oh we are so excited.Music: I will feel alright.Music: HomewardAlright, we ready?Music: HomewardConnect with a lending specialist: NMLS ID: 866.466.0979 Get a call back layerGet a call back from  layerSchedule an appointmentChange lending specialistFind another loan officer to help you with a mortgage refinance.Enter City or ZIPGoConnect with a lending specialist866.466.0979Mon.-Fri. 8 a.m.-10 p.m. ETSat. 8 a.m.-6:30 p.m. ETGet a call back layerGet a call back from  layerSchedule an appointmentGet a call back layerConnect with a lending specialist: NMLS ID: 866.502.9005 Get a call back layerGet a call back from  layerSchedule an appointmentChange lending specialistFind another loan officer to help you with a mortgage refinance.Enter City or ZIPGoConnect with a lending specialist866.502.9005Mon.-Fri. 8 a.m.-10 p.m. ETSat. 8 a.m.-6:30 p.m. ETGet a call back layerGet a call back from  layerSchedule an appointmentGet a call back layerConnect with a lending specialist: NMLS ID: 866.290.4674 Get a call back layerGet a call back from  layerSchedule an appointmentChange lending specialistFind another loan officer to help you with a mortgage refinance.Enter City or ZIPGoConnect with a lending specialist866.290.4674Mon.-Fri. 8 a.m.-10 p.m. ETSat. 8 a.m.-6:30 p.m. ETGet a call back layerGet a call back from  layerSchedule an appointmentGet a call back layerTalk toTalk to your lending specialistyour lending specialist:from your lending specialist:



Bank of America — Banking, Credit Cards, Mortgages and Auto Loans


























skip to sign in
Skip to main content








Personal


Small Business


Wealth Management


Businesses & Institutions


About Us














 Locations Layer




close
 Locations



Locations

Find a financial center or ATM


Go find a Financial center / ATM results



Schedule an appointment


End of layer.



Contact Us


Help


En español






Search Term















Please Use JavaScript
You need a web browser that supports JavaScript to use our site. Without it, some pages won’t work as designed.
To make sure JavaScript is turned on, please adjust your browser settings.
 
Browser Help and Tips
 


Close














                                You're signed out. Thank you.
                            
Your Online ID is missing. Please try again.
Your Passcode is missing. Please try again.
Secure Sign-in



























Online ID



Passcode



Sign In








Save Online ID



Security & Help







Forgot ID


Forgot Passcode


Enroll







Security & Help

Check your browser address bar to make sure you're on our real website:


www.bankofamerica.com
Green text/shading
Lock icon



Protect yourself from phishing

Your saved Online ID helps us personalize your visit

How we collect and use information









Banking menu. Press Enter to access submenu. To move through items press up or down arrow.


Checking 
Savings
CDs
Business Checking
Student Banking
Online Banking
Mobile Banking

More Banking Products



Preferred Rewards 
					Get more rewards withyour everyday banking
Explore popular features
					See how to get the most outof Mobile & Online Banking


End of submenu





Credit Cards menu. Press Enter to access submenu. To move through items press up or down arrow.


Popular Credit Cards
Cash Rewards Cards
Travel & Airline Rewards Cards
Lower Interest Rate Cards
Cards to Build or Rebuild Credit
Small Business Cards
Shop All Credit Cards
Check for Customized Offers

Manage Your Credit Card Account


End of submenu





Loans menu. Press Enter to access submenu. To move through items press up or down arrow.


Mortgage
Refinance
Home Equity
Auto Loans
Business Loans

Find a Home


End of submenu





Investments  menu. Press Enter to access submenu. To move through items press up or down arrow.


Streamline Investing with Merrill Edge
Why Merrill Edge
Retirement
IRA and 401(k) Rollovers
529 & College Savings Plans
Investment Products

Merrill Lynch Wealth Management
U.S. Trust Private Wealth Management


End of submenu





Learning
						 menu. Press Enter to access submenu. To move through items press up or down arrow.



Managing Credit
Handling Debt
Saving & Budgeting
Privacy & Security

BetterMoneyHabits.comVideos and tips to bettermanage your financial life.



Planning for Life Events
Retirement Planning
College Planning
Home Ownership
Auto Ownership


End of submenu





Bank of America — Banking, Credit Cards, Mortgages and Auto Loans








      








Information for:

Select a state
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming

Go and get state information




Please select a state from the dropdown menu to get information about that state's offerings.


OK









Advertising Practices

Advertising Practices
We strive to provide you with information about products and services you might find interesting and useful. Relationship-based ads and online behavioral advertising help us do that.
Here's how it works: We gather information about your online activities, such as the searches you conduct on our Sites and the pages you visit. This information may be used to deliver advertising on our Sites and offline (for example, by phone, email and direct mail) that's customized to meet specific interests you may have.
If you prefer that we do not use this information, you may opt out of online behavioral advertising. If you opt out, though, you may still receive generic advertising. In addition, financial advisors/Client Managers may continue to use information collected online to provide product and service information in accordance with account agreements.
Also, if you opt out of online behavioral advertising, you may still see ads when you sign in to your account, for example through Online Banking or MyMerrill. These ads are based on your specific account relationships with us.
To learn more about relationship-based ads, online behavioral advertising and our privacy practices, please review the Bank of America Online Privacy Notice and our Online Privacy FAQs.















       













       













       













       















Take charge with a student banking account



Students under the age of 24 can take charge of their finances with Bank of America Core Checking® with a monthly maintenance fee waiver.
Learn more about Core Checking®
















Help with your home loan payments



If you're a homeowner struggling with your loan payments, learn about our home loan assistance programs.»
























Popular links







Schedule an appointment 



Get the Mobile Banking app 



Open a new account 



Order checks 



Tell us you're traveling 



Go paperless now 












Your news and information


New in our Mobile App


 Send money in minutes to almost anyone, using Zelle 






Travel Insights


 International tipping guide 






Security tips


 Victims of identity theft: 5 steps to take action 






Saving and budgeting


 Spending analysis tool 














Online Banking Service Agreement



Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.
Investing in securities involves risks, and there is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities.
Merrill Lynch is the marketing name for Merrill Lynch Wealth Management and Merrill Edge®, both of which are made available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (“MLPF&S”). Merrill Edge consists of the Merrill Edge Advisory Center (investment guidance) and self-directed online investing.
MLPF&S is a registered broker-dealer, registered investment adviser and Member SIPC. Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc. (“MLLA”) is a licensed insurance agency. Both are wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation (“BofA Corp.”).
Merrill Lynch makes available products and services offered by MLPF&S and other subsidiaries of BofA Corp. Insurance and annuity products are offered through MLLA a licensed insurance agency and wholly owned subsidiary of BofA Corp.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through Bank of America, N.A., and other subsidiaries of BofA Corp.
Investment products offered through MLPF&S and insurance and annuity products offered through MLLA:



Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value


Are Not Deposits
Are Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency
Are Not a Condition to Any Banking Service or Activity








Locations


Contact Us


Help


Accessible Banking


Careers


Privacy & Security


McAfee® Internet Security


Site Map



Bank of America, N.A. Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender© 2017 Bank of America Corporation.

















Bank of America RED
YOU'RE ON YOUR WAY TO TURNING YOUR MILES (RED)TM
Pledge your miles with the Nike+ Running App, and Bank of America will make a donation to fight HIV/AIDS. Before you go to Nike.com, we want you to know Nike is solely responsible for their website's content, offerings and level of security, so please refer to the website's posted privacy policy and terms of use.

CONTINUE TO NIKE
RETURN TO BANK OF AMERICA

From October 12 to December 7, 2014, for every mile, up to a weekly cap published at NIKE.COM/ONESTEP4RED, recorded on Nike+ running as part of the Turn Your Miles (RED) pledge program Bank of America Corporation will donate $.40 to the U.S. Fund for the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria to support and fund prevention and treatment of HIV/AIDS, up to a total maximum donation of $1,000,000. No purchase necessary. Bank of America and the Bank of America logo are registered trademarks of Bank of America Corporation. Bank of America. N.A. Member FDIC © 2014 Bank of America Corporation.

















You're going to a page that's in English

We're letting you know the page you're about to view is offered only in English. Applications and documents for specific products and services may also only be in English.
As always, please be sure you've read and understood all terms and conditions before choosing a product, and contact us if you have questions.

Continue in English
Return to Spanish





You're going to another website

Before you go, we want you to know the site owner is responsible for what's on their site. Also, their privacy practices and level of security may be different from ours, so please review their policies.
Please note that this web site may not be available in Spanish.

Continue
Go back to Bank of America





You're going to another website

Before you go, we want you to know the site owner is responsible for what's on their site. Also, their privacy practices and level of security may be different from ours, so please review their policies.

Continue
Go back to Bank of America











Bank of America - Wikipedia






















 






Bank of America

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about a commercial bank unaffiliated with the government. For the central bank of the United States, see Federal Reserve System. For other Banks of the United States, see Bank of the United States.

Bank of America Corporation





Bank of America headquarters in Charlotte, North Carolina




Type

Public company


Traded as



NYSE: BAC
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





ISIN
US0605051046


Industry
Banking, Financial services


Predecessor
Bank America
NationsBank


Founded
October 17, 1904; 112 years ago (1904-10-17) (as Bank of Italy)
February 1930; 87 years ago (1930-02) (as Bank of America)[1][2]
October 2000; 16 years ago (2000-10) (current)


Founder
Amadeo Giannini


Headquarters
Charlotte, North Carolina



Number of locations

4,600 retail financial centers & approximately 15,900 automated teller machines[3]



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Brian Moynihan
(Chairman and CEO)[3][3]


Products
Consumer banking, corporate banking, insurance, investment banking, mortgage loans, private banking, private equity, wealth management, credit cards,


Revenue
 US$89.701 billion (2016)[3]



Net income

 US$17.906 billion (2016)[3]


AUM
 US$886.148 billion (2016)[3]


Total assets
 US$2.187 trillion (2016)[3]


Total equity
 US$266.84 billion (2016)[3]



Number of employees

208,000 (2016)[3]


Divisions
Bank of America Home Loans, Bank of America Merrill Lynch


Subsidiaries
Merrill Lynch
Merrill Edge
U.S. Trust


Capital ratio
10.8% (2016)[3]


Rating
Long Term Senior
Moody's: Baa1 (10/2016)
S&P: BBB+ (10/2016)
Fitch: A (10/2016)


Website
www.bankofamerica.com


Bank of America Corporation (abbreviated as BofA) is a multinational banking and financial services corporation headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina. It is ranked 2nd on the list of largest banks in the United States by assets.[4] As of 2016, Bank of America was the 26th largest company in the United States by total revenue. In 2016, it was ranked #11 on the Forbes Magazine Global 2000 list of largest companies in the world.[5]
Its acquisition of Merrill Lynch in 2008 made it the world's largest wealth management corporation and a major player in the investment banking market.[6] As of December 31, 2016, it had US$886.148 billion in assets under management (AUM).[3]
As of December 31, 2016, the company held 10.73% of all bank deposits in the United States.[7] It is one of the Big Four banks in the United States, along with Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo—its main competitors.[8][9] Bank of America operates—but does not necessarily maintain retail branches[10]—in all 50 states of the United States, the District of Columbia and more than 40 other countries. It has a retail banking footprint that serves approximately 46 million consumer and small business relationships at 4,600 banking centers and 15,900 automated teller machines (ATMs).[3]
Bank of America provides its products and services through 4,600 retail financial centers, approximately 15,900 automated teller machines,[3] call centers, and online and mobile banking platforms. Its Consumer Real Estate Services segment offers consumer real estate products comprising fixed and adjustable-rate first-lien mortgage loans for home purchase and refinancing needs, home equity lines of credit, and home equity loans.[11]
Bank of America has been the subject of many lawsuits and investigations regarding both mortgages and financial disclosures dating back to the financial crisis, including a record settlement of $16.65 billion on August 21, 2014.[12]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Bank of Italy
1.2 Expansion in California
1.3 Expansion outside California
1.4 Merger of NationsBank and BankAmerica
1.5 2001 to present

1.5.1 Acquisition of Countrywide Financial
1.5.2 Acquisition of Merrill Lynch
1.5.3 Federal Troubled Asset Relief Program
1.5.4 Bonus settlement
1.5.5 Fraud
1.5.6 Downsizing (2011 to 2014)
1.5.7 Sale of stake in China Construction Bank
1.5.8 $17 billion settlement with Justice Department
1.5.9 DOD Community Bank


1.6 Introduction of Erica


2 Operations

2.1 Consumer Banking
2.2 Global Banking
2.3 Global Wealth and Investment Management
2.4 Global Markets
2.5 Offices

2.5.1 International offices




3 Charitable efforts
4 Lawsuits
5 Controversies

5.1 Parmalat controversy
5.2 Consumer credit controversies
5.3 WikiLeaks
5.4 Anonymous
5.5 Mortgage business
5.6 Accounts of Iranians frozen
5.7 Investment in mountaintop removal


6 Notable buildings

6.1 Former buildings


7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



History[edit]
Bank of Italy[edit]
Main article: Bank of Italy (United States)
The history of Bank of America dates back to October 17, 1904,[1] when Amadeo Pietro Giannini founded the Bank of Italy in San Francisco. The Bank of Italy served the needs of many immigrants settling in the United States at that time, providing services denied to them by the existing American banks which typically discriminated against them and often denied service to all but the wealthiest.[13] Giannini was raised by his mother and stepfather Lorenzo Scatena, as his father was fatally shot over a pay dispute with an employee.[14] When the 1906 San Francisco earthquake struck, Giannini was able to save all deposits out of the bank building and away from the fires. Because San Francisco's banks were in smoldering ruins and unable to open their vaults, Giannini was able to use the rescued funds to commence lending within a few days of the disaster. From a makeshift desk consisting of a few planks over two barrels, he lent money to those who wished to rebuild.[15][16][17]
In 1922, Giannini established Bank of America and Italy. In 1986, Deutsche Bank AG acquired 100% of Banca d'America e d'Italia, a bank established in Naples in 1917 following the name-change of Banca dell'Italia Meridionale with the latter established in 1918. In 1918 another corporation, Bancitaly Corporation, was organized by A. P. Giannini, the largest stockholder of which was Stockholders Auxiliary Corporation. This company acquired the stocks of various banks located in New York City and certain foreign countries.[18]

In 1928 Giannini merged his bank with Bank of America, Los Angeles, headed by Orra E. Monnette and consolidated it with other bank holdings to create what would become the largest banking institution in the country. Bank of Italy was renamed on November 3, 1930 to Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association, which was the only such designated bank in the United States of America at that time. Giannini and Monnette headed the resulting company, serving as co-chairs.[citation needed]
Expansion in California[edit]
Branch banking was introduced by Giannini shortly after 1909 legislation in California that allowed for branch banking in the state. Its first branch outside San Francisco was established in 1909 in San Jose. By 1929, the bank had 453 banking offices in California with aggregate resources of over US$1.4 billion.[19] There is a replica of the 1909 Bank of Italy branch bank in History Park in San Jose, and the 1925 Bank of Italy Building is an important downtown landmark. Giannini sought to build a national bank, expanding into most of the western states as well as into the insurance industry, under the aegis of his holding company, Transamerica Corporation. In 1953, regulators succeeded in forcing the separation of Transamerica Corporation and Bank of America under the Clayton Antitrust Act.[20] The passage of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 prohibited banks from owning non-banking subsidiaries such as insurance companies. Bank of America and Transamerica were separated, with the latter company continuing in the insurance business. However, federal banking regulators prohibited Bank of America's interstate banking activity, and Bank of America's domestic banks outside California were forced into a separate company that eventually became First Interstate Bancorp, later acquired by Wells Fargo and Company in 1996. It was not until the 1980s with a change in federal banking legislation and regulation that Bank of America was again able to expand its domestic consumer banking activity outside California.
New technologies also allowed credit cards to be linked directly to individual bank accounts. In 1958, the bank introduced the BankAmericard, which changed its name to Visa in 1977.[21] A consortium of other California banks introduced Master Charge (now MasterCard) to compete with BankAmericard.
Expansion outside California[edit]
Following the passage of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, BankAmerica Corporation was established for the purpose of owning and operation of Bank of America and its subsidiaries.
Bank of America expanded outside California in 1983 with its acquisition of Seafirst Corporation of Seattle, Washington, and its wholly owned banking subsidiary, Seattle-First National Bank. Seafirst was at risk of seizure by the federal government after becoming insolvent due to a series of bad loans to the oil industry. BankAmerica continued to operate its new subsidiary as Seafirst rather than Bank of America until the 1998 merger with NationsBank.
BankAmerica experienced huge losses in 1986 and 1987 by the placement of a series of bad loans in the Third World, particularly in Latin America. The company fired its CEO, Sam Armacost. Though Armacost blamed the problems on his predecessor, A.W. (Tom) Clausen, Clausen was appointed to replace Armacost. The losses resulted in a huge decline of BankAmerica stock, making it vulnerable to a hostile takeover. First Interstate Bancorp of Los Angeles (which had originated from banks once owned by BankAmerica), launched such a bid in the fall of 1986, although BankAmerica rebuffed it, mostly by selling operations. It sold its FinanceAmerica subsidiary to Chrysler and the brokerage firm Charles Schwab and Co. back to Mr. Schwab. It also sold Bank of America and Italy to Deutsche Bank. By the time of the 1987 stock market crash, BankAmerica's share price had fallen to $8, but by 1992 it had rebounded mightily to become one of the biggest gainers of that half-decade.




The Bank of America Tower in New York City.


BankAmerica's next big acquisition came in 1992. The company acquired its California rival, Security Pacific Corporation and its subsidiary Security Pacific National Bank in California and other banks in Arizona, Idaho, Oregon, and Washington (which Security Pacific had acquired in a series of acquisitions in the late 1980s). This was, at the time, the largest bank acquisition in history. Federal regulators, however, forced the sale of roughly half of Security Pacific's Washington subsidiary, the former Rainier Bank, as the combination of Seafirst and Security Pacific Washington would have given BankAmerica too large a share of the market in that state. The Washington branches were divided and sold to West One Bancorp (now U.S. Bancorp) and KeyBank.[22] Later that year, BankAmerica expanded into Nevada by acquiring Valley Bank of Nevada.
In 1994, BankAmerica acquired the Continental Illinois National Bank and Trust Co. of Chicago, which had become federally owned as part of the same oil industry debacle emanating from Oklahoma City's Penn Square Bank, that had brought down numerous financial institutions including Seafirst. At the time, no bank possessed the resources to bail out Continental, so the federal government operated the bank for nearly a decade. Illinois at that time regulated branch banking extremely heavily, so Bank of America Illinois was a single-unit bank until the 21st century. BankAmerica moved its national lending department to Chicago in an effort to establish a financial beachhead in the region.




Pyramid-shaped former Bank of America branch building towers over Interstate 410 in San Antonio, Texas.


These mergers helped BankAmerica Corporation to once again become the largest U.S. bank holding company in terms of deposits, but the company fell to second place in 1997 behind North Carolina's fast-growing NationsBank Corporation, and to third in 1998 First Union Corp.
On the capital markets side, the acquisition of Continental Illinois helped BankAmerica to build a leveraged finance origination and distribution business (Continental Illinois had extensive leveraged lending relationships) which allowed the firm's existing broker-dealer, BancAmerica Securities (originally named BA Securities), to become a full-service franchise.[23][24] In addition, in 1997, BankAmerica acquired Robertson Stephens, a San Francisco–based investment bank specializing in high technology for $540 million. Robertson Stephens was integrated into BancAmerica Securities and the combined subsidiary was renamed BancAmerica Robertson Stephens.[25]
Merger of NationsBank and BankAmerica[edit]




Logo of the former Bank of America (BA), 1969–1998


In 1997, Bank of America lent D. E. Shaw & Co., a large hedge fund, $1.4 billion in order to run various businesses for the bank.[26] However, D.E. Shaw suffered significant loss after the 1998 Russia bond default.[27][28] BankAmerica was acquired by NationsBank of Charlotte in October 1998 in what was the largest bank acquisition in history at that time.[29]
While NationsBank was the nominal survivor, the merged bank took the better-known name of Bank of America. Hence, the holding company was renamed Bank of America Corporation, while NationsBank, N.A. merged with Bank of America NT&SA to form Bank of America, N.A. as the remaining legal bank entity. The combined bank still operates under Federal Charter 13044, which was granted to Giannini's Bank of Italy on March 1, 1927. However, the merged company is headquartered in Charlotte and retains NationsBank's pre-1998 stock price history. Additionally, all U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings before 1998 are listed under NationsBank, not Bank of America. NationsBank president, chairman and CEO Hugh McColl took on the same roles with the merged company.
Bank of America possessed combined assets of $570 billion, as well as 4,800 branches in 22 states. Despite the mammoth size of the two companies, federal regulators insisted only upon the divestiture of 13 branches in New Mexico, in towns that would be left with only a single bank following the combination. (Branch divestitures are only required if the combined company will have a larger than 25% Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) deposit market share in a particular state or 10% deposit market share overall.) In addition, the combined broker-dealer, created from the integration of BancAmerica Robertson Stephens and NationsBanc Montgomery Securities, was named Banc of America Securities in 1998.[30]
2001 to present[edit]




Typical Bank of America local office in Los Angeles


In 2001, McColl stepped down and named Ken Lewis as his successor.
In 2004, Bank of America announced it would purchase Boston-based bank FleetBoston Financial for $47 billion in cash and stock.[31] By merging with Bank of America, all of its banks and branches were given the Bank of America logo. At the time of merger, FleetBoston was the seventh largest bank in United States with $197 billion in assets, over 20 million customers and revenue of $12 billion.[31] Hundreds of FleetBoston workers lost their jobs or were demoted, according to The Boston Globe.
On June 30, 2005, Bank of America announced it would purchase credit card giant MBNA for $35 billion in cash and stock. The Federal Reserve Board gave final approval to the merger on December 15, 2005, and the merger closed on January 1, 2006. The acquisition of MBNA provided Bank of America a leading domestic and foreign credit card issuer. The combined Bank of America Card Services organization, including the former MBNA, had more than 40 million U.S. accounts and nearly $140 billion in outstanding balances. Under Bank of America the operation was renamed FIA Card Services.




Bank of America footprint


Bank of America operated under the name BankBoston in many other Latin American countries, including Brazil. In 2006, Bank of America sold BankBoston's operations to Brazilian bank Banco Itaú, in exchange for Itaú shares. The BankBoston name and trademarks were not part of the transaction and, as part of the sale agreement, cannot be used by Bank of America (ending the BankBoston brand).
In May 2006, Bank of America and Banco Itaú (Investimentos Itaú S.A.) entered into an acquisition agreement through which Itaú agreed to acquire BankBoston's operations in Brazil and was granted an exclusive right to purchase Bank of America's operations in Chile and Uruguay. The deal was signed in August 2006 under which Itaú agreed to purchase Bank of America's operations in Chile and Uruguay. Prior to the transaction, BankBoston's Brazilian operations included asset management, private banking, a credit card portfolio, and small, middle-market, and large corporate segments. It had 66 branches and 203,000 clients in Brazil. BankBoston in Chile had 44 branches and 58,000 clients and in Uruguay it had 15 branches. In addition, there was a credit card company, OCA, in Uruguay, which had 23 branches. BankBoston N.A. in Uruguay, together with OCA, jointly served 372,000 clients. While the BankBoston name and trademarks were not part of the transaction, as part of the sale agreement, they cannot be used by Bank of America in Brazil, Chile or Uruguay following the transactions. Hence, the BankBoston name has disappeared from Brazil, Chile and Uruguay. The Itaú stock received by Bank of America in the transactions has allowed Bank of America's stake in Itaú to reach 11.51%. Banco de Boston de Brazil had been founded in 1947.
On November 20, 2006, Bank of America announced the purchase of The United States Trust Company for $3.3 billion, from the Charles Schwab Corporation. US Trust had about $100 billion of assets under management and over 150 years of experience. The deal closed July 1, 2007.[32]
On September 14, 2007, Bank of America won approval from the Federal Reserve to acquire LaSalle Bank Corporation from ABN AMRO for $21 billion. With this purchase, Bank of America possessed $1.7 trillion in assets. A Dutch court blocked the sale until it was later approved in July. The acquisition was completed on October 1, 2007. Many of LaSalle's branches and offices had already taken over smaller regional banks within the previous decade, such as Lansing and Detroit based Michigan National Bank.
The deal increased Bank of America's presence in Illinois, Michigan, and Indiana by 411 branches, 17,000 commercial bank clients, 1.4 million retail customers, and 1,500 ATMs. Bank of America became the largest bank in the Chicago market with 197 offices and 14% of the deposit share, surpassing JPMorgan Chase.
LaSalle Bank and LaSalle Bank Midwest branches adopted the Bank of America name on May 5, 2008.[33]
Ken Lewis, who had lost the title of Chairman of the Board, announced that he would retire as CEO effective December 31, 2009, in part due to controversy and legal investigations concerning the purchase of Merrill Lynch. Brian Moynihan became President and CEO effective January 1, 2010, and afterward credit card charge offs and delinquencies declined in January. Bank of America also repaid the $45 billion it had received from the Troubled Assets Relief Program.[34][35]
Acquisition of Countrywide Financial[edit]
On August 23, 2007, the company announced a $2 billion repurchase agreement for Countrywide Financial. This purchase of preferred stock was arranged to provide a return on investment of 7.25% per annum and provided the option to purchase common stock at a price of $18 per share.[36]
On January 11, 2008, Bank of America announced that it would buy Countrywide Financial for $4.1 billion.[37] In March 2008, it was reported that the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) was investigating Countrywide for possible fraud relating to home loans and mortgages.[38] This news did not hinder the acquisition, which was completed in July 2008,[39] giving the bank a substantial market share of the mortgage business, and access to Countrywide's resources for servicing mortgages.[40] The acquisition was seen as preventing a potential bankruptcy for Countrywide. Countrywide, however, denied that it was close to bankruptcy. Countrywide provided mortgage servicing for nine million mortgages valued at $1.4 trillion as of December 31, 2007.[41]
This purchase made Bank of America Corporation the leading mortgage originator and servicer in the U.S., controlling 20–25% of the home loan market.[42] The deal was structured to merge Countrywide with the Red Oak Merger Corporation, which Bank of America created as an independent subsidiary. It has been suggested that the deal was structured this way to prevent a potential bankruptcy stemming from large losses in Countrywide hurting the parent organization by keeping Countrywide bankruptcy remote.[43] Countrywide Financial has changed its name to Bank of America Home Loans.
 In December 2011, the Justice Department announced a $335 million settlement with Bank of America over discriminatory lending practice at Countrywide Financial. Attorney General Eric Holder said a federal probe found discrimination against qualified African-American and Latino borrowers from 2004 to 2008. He said that minority borrowers who qualified for prime loans were steered into higher-interest-rate subprime loans.[44]
Acquisition of Merrill Lynch[edit]
On September 14, 2008, Bank of America announced its intention to purchase Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. in an all-stock deal worth approximately $50 billion. Merrill Lynch was at the time within days of collapse, and the acquisition effectively saved Merrill from bankruptcy.[45] Around the same time Bank of America was reportedly also in talks to purchase Lehman Brothers, however a lack of government guarantees caused the bank to abandon talks with Lehman.[46] Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy the same day Bank of America announced its plans to acquire Merrill Lynch.[47] This acquisition made Bank of America the largest financial services company in the world.[48] Temasek Holdings, the largest shareholder of Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc., briefly became one of the largest shareholders of Bank of America,[49] with a 3% stake. However, taking a loss Reuters estimated at $3 billion, the Singapore sovereign wealth fund sold its whole stake in Bank of America in the first quarter of 2009.[50]
Shareholders of both companies approved the acquisition on December 5, 2008, and the deal closed January 1, 2009.[51] Bank of America had planned to retain various members of the then Merrill Lynch's CEO, John Thain's management team after the merger.[52] However, after Thain was removed from his position, most of his allies left. The departure of Nelson Chai, who had been named Asia-Pacific president, left just one of Thain's hires in place: Tom Montag, head of sales and trading.[53]
The bank, in its January 16, 2009 earnings release, revealed massive losses at Merrill Lynch in the fourth quarter, which necessitated an infusion of money that had previously been negotiated[54] with the government as part of the government-persuaded deal for the bank to acquire Merrill. Merrill recorded an operating loss of $21.5 billion in the quarter, mainly in its sales and trading operations, led by Tom Montag. The bank also disclosed it tried to abandon the deal in December after the extent of Merrill's trading losses surfaced, but was compelled to complete the merger by the U.S. government. The bank's stock price sank to $7.18, its lowest level in 17 years, after announcing earnings and the Merrill mishap. The market capitalization of Bank of America, including Merrill Lynch, was then $45 billion, less than the $50 billion it offered for Merrill just four months earlier, and down $108 billion from the merger announcement.
Bank of America CEO Kenneth Lewis testified before Congress[6] that he had some misgivings about the acquisition of Merrill Lynch, and that federal officials pressured him to proceed with the deal or face losing his job and endangering the bank's relationship with federal regulators.[55]
Lewis' statement is backed up by internal emails subpoenaed by Republican lawmakers on the House Oversight Committee.[56] In one of the emails, Richmond Federal Reserve President Jeffrey Lacker threatened that if the acquisition did not go through, and later Bank of America were forced to request federal assistance, the management of Bank of America would be "gone". Other emails, read by Congressman Dennis Kucinich during the course of Lewis' testimony, state that Mr. Lewis had foreseen the outrage from his shareholders that the purchase of Merrill would cause, and asked government regulators to issue a letter stating that the government had ordered him to complete the deal to acquire Merrill. Lewis, for his part, states he didn't recall requesting such a letter.
The acquisition made Bank of America the number one underwriter of global high-yield debt, the third largest underwriter of global equity and the ninth largest adviser on global mergers and acquisitions.[57] As the credit crisis eased, losses at Merrill Lynch subsided, and the subsidiary generated $3.7 billion of Bank of America's $4.2 billion in profit by the end of quarter one in 2009, and over 25% in quarter 3 2009.[58][59]
On September 28, 2012, Bank of America settled the class action lawsuit over the Merrill Lynch acquisition and will pay $2.43 billion.[60] This was one of the first major securities class action lawsuits stemming from the financial crisis of 2007-2008 to settle. Many major financial institutions had a stake in this lawsuit, including Chicago Clearing Corporation, hedge funds, and bank trusts, due to the belief that Bank of America stock was a sure investment.
Federal Troubled Asset Relief Program[edit]
Bank of America received $20 billion in the federal bailout from the U.S. government through the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) on January 16, 2009, and a guarantee of $118 billion in potential losses at the company.[61] This was in addition to the $25 billion given to them in the fall of 2008 through TARP. The additional payment was part of a deal with the U.S. government to preserve Bank of America's merger with the troubled investment firm Merrill Lynch.[62] Since then, members of the U.S. Congress have expressed considerable concern about how this money has been spent, especially since some of the recipients have been accused of misusing the bailout money.[63] Then CEO Ken Lewis was quoted as claiming "We are still lending, and we are lending far more because of the TARP program." Members of the U.S. House of Representatives, however, were skeptical and quoted many anecdotes about loan applicants (particularly small business owners) being denied loans and credit card holders facing stiffer terms on the debt in their card accounts.
According to a March 15, 2009, article in The New York Times, Bank of America received an additional $5.2 billion in government bailout money, channeled through American International Group.[64]
As a result of its federal bailout and management problems, The Wall Street Journal reported that the Bank of America was operating under a secret "memorandum of understanding" (MOU) from the U.S. government that requires it to "overhaul its board and address perceived problems with risk and liquidity management". With the federal action, the institution has taken several steps, including arranging for six of its directors to resign and forming a Regulatory Impact Office. Bank of America faces several deadlines in July and August and if not met, could face harsher penalties by federal regulators. Bank of America did not respond to The Wall Street Journal story.[65]
On December 2, 2009, Bank of America announced it would repay the entire $45 billion it received in TARP and exit the program, using $26.2 billion of excess liquidity along with $18.6 billion to be gained in "common equivalent securities" (Tier 1 capital). The bank announced it had completed the repayment on December 9. Bank of America's Ken Lewis said during the announcement, "We appreciate the critical role that the U.S. government played last fall in helping to stabilize financial markets, and we are pleased to be able to fully repay the investment, with interest.... As America's largest bank, we have a responsibility to make good on the taxpayers' investment, and our record shows that we have been able to fulfill that commitment while continuing to lend."[66][67]
Bonus settlement[edit]
On August 3, 2009, Bank of America agreed to pay a $33 million fine, without admission or denial of charges, to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) over the non-disclosure of an agreement to pay up to $5.8 billion of bonuses at Merrill. The bank approved the bonuses before the merger but did not disclose them to its shareholders when the shareholders were considering approving the Merrill acquisition, in December 2008. The issue was originally investigated by New York State Attorney General Andrew Cuomo, who commented after the suit and announced settlement that "the timing of the bonuses, as well as the disclosures relating to them, constituted a 'surprising fit of corporate irresponsibility'" and "our investigation of these and other matters pursuant to New York's Martin Act will continue." Congressman Kucinich commented at the same time that "This may not be the last fine that Bank of America pays for how it handled its merger of Merrill Lynch."[68] A federal judge, Jed Rakoff, in an unusual action, refused to approve the settlement on August 5.[69] A first hearing before the judge on August 10 was at times heated, and he was "sharply critic[al]" of the bonuses. David Rosenfeld represented the SEC, and Lewis J. Liman, son of Arthur L. Liman, represented the bank. The actual amount of bonuses paid was $3.6 billion, of which $850 million was "guaranteed" and the rest was shared amongst 39,000 workers who received average payments of $91,000; 696 people received more than $1 million in bonuses; at least one person received a more than $33 million bonus.[70]
On September 14, the judge rejected the settlement and told the parties to prepare for trial to begin no later than February 1, 2010. The judge focused much of his criticism on the fact that the fine in the case would be paid by the bank's shareholders, who were the ones that were supposed to have been injured by the lack of disclosure. He wrote, "It is quite something else for the very management that is accused of having lied to its shareholders to determine how much of those victims’ money should be used to make the case against the management go away," ... "The proposed settlement," the judge continued, "suggests a rather cynical relationship between the parties: the S.E.C. gets to claim that it is exposing wrongdoing on the part of the Bank of America in a high-profile merger; the bank's management gets to claim that they have been coerced into an onerous settlement by overzealous regulators. And all this is done at the expense, not only of the shareholders, but also of the truth."[71]
While ultimately deferring to the SEC, in February 2010, Judge Rakoff approved a revised settlement with a $150 million fine "reluctantly", calling the accord "half-baked justice at best" and "inadequate and misguided". Addressing one of the concerns he raised in September, the fine will be "distributed only to Bank of America shareholders harmed by the non-disclosures, or 'legacy shareholders', an improvement on the prior $33 million while still "paltry", according to the judge. Case: SEC v. Bank of America Corp., 09-cv-06829, United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.[72]
Investigations also were held on this issue in the United States House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform,[71] under chairman Edolphus Towns (D-NY)[73] and in its investigative Domestic Policy Subcommittee under Kucinich.[74]
Fraud[edit]
In 2010, the bank was accused by the U.S. government of defrauding schools, hospitals, and dozens of state and local government organizations via misconduct and illegal activities involving the investment of proceeds from municipal bond sales. As a result, the bank agreed to pay $137.7 million, including $25 million to the Internal Revenue service and $4.5 million to state attorney general, to the affected organizations to settle the allegations.[75]
Former bank official Douglas Campbell pleaded guilty to antitrust, conspiracy and wire fraud charges. As of January 2011, other bankers and brokers are under indictment or investigation.[76]
On October 24, 2012, the top federal prosecutor in Manhattan filed a lawsuit alleging that Bank of America fraudulently cost American taxpayers more than $1 billion when Countrywide Financial sold toxic mortgages to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. The scheme was called 'Hustle', or High Speed Swim Lane.[77][78] On May 23, 2016 the Second U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the finding of fact by the jury that low quality mortgages were supplied by Countrywide to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac in the "Hustle" case supported only "intentional breach of contract," not fraud. The action, for civil fraud, relied on provisions of the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act. The decision turned on lack of intent to defraud at the time the contract to supply mortgages was made.[79]
Downsizing (2011 to 2014)[edit]
During 2011, Bank of America began conducting personnel reductions of an estimated 36,000 people, contributing to intended savings of $5 billion per year by 2014.[80]
In December 2011, Forbes ranked Bank of America's financial health 91st out of the nation's largest 100 banks and thrift institutions.[81]
Bank of America cut around 16,000 jobs in a quicker fashion by the end of 2012 as revenue continued to decline because of new regulations and a slow economy. This put a plan one year ahead of time to eliminate 30,000 jobs under a cost-cutting program, called Project New BAC.[82] In the first quarter of 2014 Berkshire bank purchased 20 Bank of America branches in Central and eastern New York for 14.4 million dollars. The branches were from Utica/Rome region and down the Mohawk Valley east to the capital region.
In April and May 2014, Bank of America sold two dozen branches in Michigan to Huntington Bancshares. The locations were converted to Huntington National Bank branches in September.[83]
As part of its new strategy Bank of America is focused on growing its mobile banking platform. As of 2014, Bank of America has 31 million active online users and 16 million mobile users. Its retail banking branches have decreased to 4,900 as a result of increased mobile banking use and a decline in customer branch visits.
Sale of stake in China Construction Bank[edit]
In 2005, Bank of America acquired a 9% stake in China Construction Bank, one of the Big Four banks in China, for $3 billion.[84] It represented the company's largest foray into China's growing banking sector. Bank of America has offices in Hong Kong, Shanghai, and Guangzhou and was looking to greatly expand its Chinese business as a result of this deal. In 2008, Bank of America was awarded Project Finance Deal of the Year at the 2008 ALB Hong Kong Law Awards.[85] In November 2011, Bank of America announced plans to divest most of its stake in the China Construction Bank.[86]
In September 2013, Bank of America sold its remaining stake in the China Construction Bank for as much as $1.5 billion, marking the firm's full exit from the country.[87]
$17 billion settlement with Justice Department[edit]
In August 2014, Bank of America agreed to a near-$17 billion deal to settle claims against it relating to the sale of toxic mortgage-linked securities including subprime home loans, in what was believed to be the largest settlement in U.S. corporate history. The bank agreed with the U.S. Justice Department to pay $9.65 billion in fines, and $7 billion in relief to the victims of the faulty loans which included homeowners, borrowers, pension funds and municipalities.[88] Real estate economist Jed Kolko said the settlement is a "drop in the bucket" compared to the $700 billion in damages done to 11 million homeowners. Since the settlement covered such a substantial portion of the market, he said for most consumers "you're out of luck."[89]
Much of the government's prosecution was based on information provided by three whistleblowers - Shareef Abdou (a senior vice president at the bank), Robert Madsen (a professional appraiser employed by a bank subsidiary) and Edward O'Donnell (a Fannie Mae official). The three men received $170 million in whistleblower awards.[90]
DOD Community Bank[edit]




DOD Community Bank logo.


Bank of America has formed a partnership with the United States Department of Defense creating a newly chartered bank DOD Community Bank[91] ("Community Bank") providing full banking services to military personnel at 68 branches and ATM locations[92] on U.S. military installations in Guantanamo Bay Naval Base Cuba, Diego Garcia, Germany, Japan, Italy, Kwajalein Atoll, South Korea, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. It should be noted that even though Bank of America operates Community Bank customer services are not interchangeable between the two financial institutions,[93] meaning a Community Bank customer cannot go to a Bank of America branch and withdraw from their account and vice versa. Deposits made into checking and savings accounts are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250,000 despite the fact that none of Community's operating branches are located within the jurisdictional borders of the United States.
Introduction of Erica[edit]
At the Money 20/20 conference in October 2016, retail banking president Thong Nguyen introduced a digital assistant called Erica, whose name comes from the bank name. Starting in 2017, customers will be able to use voice or text to communicate with Erica and get advice, check balances and pay bills. Unlike the people who work for the bank, Erica will be available 24/7. Digital banking head Michelle Moore said the technology was designed to help customers do a better job of managing money.
Forrester analyst Peter Wannemacher says bank customer experiences with the technology have been "uneven or poor," but Bank of America intends to adapt Erica as needed.
Operations[edit]




Bank of America branch in Washington, D.C.


Bank of America generates 90% of its revenues in its domestic market. The core of Bank of America's strategy is to be the number one bank in its domestic market. It has achieved this through key acquisitions.[94]
Consumer Banking[edit]
Consumer Banking, the largest division in the company, provides financial services to consumers and small businesses including, banking, investments and lending products including business loans, mortgages, and credit cards. It provides for investing online through its electronic trading platform, Merrill Edge. The consumer banking division represented 38% of the company's total revenue in 2016.[3] The company earns revenue from interest income, service charges, and fees. The company is also a mortgage servicer. It competes primarily with the retail banking arms of America's three other megabanks: Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo. The Consumer Banking organization includes over 4,600 retail financial centers and approximately 15,900 automated teller machines.
Bank of America is a member of the Global ATM Alliance, a joint venture of several major international banks that provides for reduced fees for consumers using their ATM card or check card at another bank within the Global ATM Alliance when traveling internationally. This feature is restricted to withdrawals using a debit card and users are still subject to foreign currency conversion fees, credit card withdrawals are still subject to cash advance fees and foreign currency conversion fees.
Global Banking[edit]




Bank of America Tower, located on Laura Street in Jacksonville, Florida


The Global Banking division provides banking services, including investment banking and lending products to businesses. It includes the businesses of Global Corporate Banking, Global Commercial Banking, Business Banking, and Global Investment Banking. The division represented 22% of the company's revenue in 2016.[3]
Before Bank of America's acquisition of Merrill Lynch, the Global Corporate and Investment Banking (GCIB) business operated as Banc of America Securities LLC. The bank's investment banking activities operate under the Merrill Lynch subsidiary and provided mergers and acquisitions advisory, underwriting, capital markets, as well as sales & trading in fixed income and equities markets. Its strongest groups include Leveraged Finance, Syndicated Loans, and mortgage-backed securities. It also has one of the largest research teams on Wall Street. Bank of America Merrill Lynch is headquartered in New York City.
Global Wealth and Investment Management[edit]
The Global Wealth and Investment Management (GWIM) division manages investment assets of institutions and individuals. It includes the businesses of Merrill Lynch Global Wealth Management and U.S. Trust and represented 21% of the company's total revenue in 2016.[3] It is among the 10 largest U.S. wealth managers. It has over $2.5 trillion in client balances.[3] GWIM has five primary lines of business: Premier Banking & Investments (including Bank of America Investment Services, Inc.), The Private Bank, Family Wealth Advisors, and Bank of America Specialist.
Global Markets[edit]
The Global Markets division offers services to institutional clients, including trading in financial securities. The division provides research and other services such as market maker and risk management using derivatives. The division represented 19% of the company's total revenues in 2016.[3]
Offices[edit]
The Bank of America headquarters for its operations is in the Bank of America Tower, New York City, which opened in 2009. The skyscraper is located on 42nd Street and Avenue of the Americas, at Bryant Park, and features state-of-the-art, environmentally friendly technology throughout its 2.1 million square feet (195,096 m²) of office space. The building is the headquarters for the company's investment banking division, and also hosts most of Bank of America's New York–based staff.
In 2012, Bank of America cut ties to the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC).[95]
International offices[edit]
Bank of America's Global Corporate and Investment Banking has its U.S. headquarters in New York, European headquarters in London, and Asian headquarters in Hong Kong.[96]
Charitable efforts[edit]




Bank of America volunteers at the Los Angeles LGBT pride parade in 2011


In 2007, the bank offered employees a $3,000 rebate for the purchase of hybrid vehicles. The company also provided a $1,000 rebate or a lower interest rate for customers whose homes qualified as energy efficient.[97] In 2007, Bank of America partnered with Brighter Planet to offer an eco-friendly credit card, and later a debit card, which help build renewable energy projects with each purchase.[98] In 2010, the bank completed construction of the 1 Bank of America Center in Charlotte center city. The tower, and accompanying hotel, is a LEED-certified building.[99]
Bank of America has also donated money to help health centers in Massachusetts[100] and made a $1 million donation in 2007 to help homeless shelters in Miami.[101]
In 1998, the bank made a ten-year commitment of $350 billion to provide affordable mortgage, build affordable housing, support small business and create jobs in disadvantaged neighborhoods.[102]
In 2004, the bank pledged $750 billion over a ten-year period for community development lending and affordable housing programs.[103]
Lawsuits[edit]
In August 2011, Bank of America was sued for $10 billion by American International Group. Another lawsuit filed in September 2011 pertained to $57.5 billion in mortgage-backed securities Bank of America sold to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.[104] That December, Bank of America agreed to pay $335 million to settle a federal government claim that Countrywide Financial had discriminated against Hispanic and African-American homebuyers from 2004 to 2008, prior to being acquired by BofA.[105] In September 2012, BofA settled out of court for $2.4 billion in a class action lawsuit filed by BofA shareholders who felt they were misled about the purchase of Merrill Lynch.
On February 9, 2012, it was announced that the five largest mortgage servicers (Ally/GMAC, Bank of America, Citi, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo) agreed to a historic settlement with the federal government and 49 states.[106] The settlement, known as the National Mortgage Settlement (NMS), required the servicers to provide about $26 billion in relief to distressed homeowners and in direct payments to the states and federal government. This settlement amount makes the NMS the second largest civil settlement in U.S. history, only trailing the Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement.[107] The five banks were also required to comply with 305 new mortgage servicing standards. Oklahoma held out and agreed to settle with the banks separately.
On October 24, 2012, American federal prosecutors filed a $1 billion civil lawsuit against Bank of America for mortgage fraud under the False Claims Act, which provides for possible penalties of triple the damages suffered. The government asserted that Countrywide, which was acquired by Bank of America, rubber-stamped mortgage loans to risky borrowers and forced taxpayers to guarantee billions of bad loans through Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. The suit was filed by Preet Bharara, the United States attorney in Manhattan, the inspector general of FHFA and the special inspector for the Troubled Asset Relief Program.[108] In March 2014, Bank of America settled the suit by agreeing to pay $6.3 billion to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and to buy back around $3.2 billion worth of mortgage bonds.[109]
In April 2014, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) ordered Bank of America to provide and estimated $727 million in relief to consumers harmed by practices related to credit card add-on products. According to the Bureau, roughly 1.4 million customers were affected by deceptive marketing of add-on products and 1.9 million customers were illegally charged for credit monitoring and reporting services they were not receiving. The deceptive marketing misconduct involved telemarketing scripts containing misstatements and off-script sales pitches made by telemarketers that were misleading and omitted pertinent information. The unfair billing practices involved billing customers for privacy related products without having the authorization necessary to perform the credit monitoring and credit report retrieval services. As a result, the company billed customers for services they did not receive, unfairly charged consumers for interest and fees, illegally charged approximately 1.9 million accounts, and failed to provide the product benefit.[110]
A $7.5 million settlement was reached in April 2014 with former chief financial officer for Bank of America, Joe L. Price, over allegations that the bank's management withheld material information related to its 2008 merger with Merrill Lynch.[111] In August 2014, the United States Department of Justice and the bank agreed to a $16.65 billion agreement over the sale of risky, mortgage-backed securities before the Great Recession; the loans behind the securities were transferred to the company when it acquired banks such as Merrill Lynch and Countrywide in 2008.[112] As a whole, the three firms provided $965 billion of mortgage-backed securities from 2004–2008.[113] The settlement was structured to give $7 billion in consumer relief and $9.65 billion in penalty payments to the federal government and state governments; California, for instance, received $300 million to recompense public pension funds.[112][114] The settlement was the largest in United States history between a single company and the federal government.[115][116]
Controversies[edit]
Parmalat controversy[edit]
Parmalat SpA is a multinational Italian dairy and food corporation. Following Parmalat's 2003 bankruptcy, the company sued Bank of America for $10 billion, alleging the bank profited from its knowledge of Parmalat's financial difficulties. The parties announced a settlement in July 2009, resulting in Bank of America paying Parmalat $98.5 million in October 2009.[117][118] In a related case, on April 18, 2011, an Italian court acquitted Bank of America and three other large banks, along with their employees, of charges they assisted Parmalat in concealing its fraud, and of lacking sufficient internal controls to prevent such frauds. Prosecutors did not immediately say whether they would appeal the rulings. In Parma, the banks were still charged with covering up the fraud.[119]
Consumer credit controversies[edit]
In January 2008, Bank of America began notifying some customers without payment problems that their interest rates were more than doubled, up to 28%. The bank was criticized for raising rates on customers in good standing, and for declining to explain why it had done so.[120][121] In September 2009, a Bank of America credit card customer, Ann Minch, posted a video on YouTube criticizing the bank for raising her interest rate. After the video went viral, she was contacted by a Bank of America representative who lowered her rate. The story attracted national attention from television and internet commentators.[122][123][124] More recently, the bank has been criticized for allegedly seizing three properties that were not under their ownership, apparently due to incorrect addresses on their legal documents.[125]
WikiLeaks[edit]
In October 2009, WikiLeaks representative Julian Assange reported that his organization possessed a 5 gigabyte hard drive formerly used by a Bank of America executive and that Wikileaks intended to publish its contents.[126]
In November 2010, Forbes magazine published an interview with Assange in which he stated his intent to publish information which would turn a major U.S. bank "inside out".[127] In response to this announcement, Bank of America stock dropped 3.2%.[128]
In December 2010, Bank of America announced that it would no longer service requests to transfer funds to WikiLeaks,[129] stating that "Bank of America joins in the actions previously announced by MasterCard, PayPal, Visa Europe and others and will not process transactions of any type that we have reason to believe are intended for WikiLeaks... This decision is based upon our reasonable belief that WikiLeaks may be engaged in activities that are, among other things, inconsistent with our internal policies for processing payments."[130]
In late December it was announced that Bank of America had bought up more than 300 Internet domain names in an attempt to preempt bad publicity that might be forthcoming in the anticipated WikiLeaks release. The domain names included as BrianMoynihanBlows.com, BrianMoynihanSucks.com and similar names for other top executives of the bank.[131][132][133][134] Nick Baumann of Mother Jones ridiculed this effort, stating: "If I owned stock in Bank of America, this would not give me confidence that the bank is prepared for whatever Julian Assange is planning to throw at it."[135]
Sometime before August 2011, it is claimed by WikiLeaks that 5 GB of Bank of America leaks was part of the deletion of over 3500 communications by Daniel Domscheit-Berg, a now ex-WikiLeaks volunteer.[136][137]
Anonymous[edit]
On March 14, 2011, one or more members of the decentralized collective Anonymous began releasing emails it said were obtained from Bank of America. According to the group, the emails documented "corruption and fraud", and relate to the issue of improper foreclosures. The source, identified publicly as Brian Penny,[138] was a former LPI Specialist from Balboa Insurance, a firm which used to be owned by the bank, but was sold to Australian Reinsurance Company QBE.[139]
Mortgage business[edit]
The state of Arizona has investigated Bank of America for misleading homeowners who sought to modify their mortgage loans. According to the attorney general of Arizona, the bank "repeatedly has deceived" such mortgagors. In response to the investigation, the bank has given some modifications on the condition that the homeowners refrain from criticizing the bank.[140]
Accounts of Iranians frozen[edit]
In May 2014 many Iranian students in the U.S. and some American-Iranian citizens realized their accounts have been frozen by Bank of America.[141] Although Bank of America denied to reveal any information or reason regarding this, some Iranians believe that it is related to sanctions against Iran.[142] Betty Riess, a spokeswoman for Bank of America, told MintPress News via email, "We do not close accounts on the basis of nationality, nor do we close accounts without notice to customers."[143] However, account holders believe there could be a relationship between this action and their national origin.[144] Although most account holders say they did not receive any notification prior their accounts being frozen, Bank of America insists that they do not freeze any account without prior notification.[145] When it was reported that Bank of America was closing the accounts of Iranians living in the U.S. and Iranian-Americans, there was speculation that the bank did so on the basis of discriminatory ideology, since Bank of America did not give these individuals any reason why their accounts were being closed. The bank responded to these accusations, arguing that it was only following the rules put forth by the U.S. federal government regarding economic relations between the U.S. and Iran.[143]
Investment in mountaintop removal[edit]
Bank of America has been criticized for its heavy investment in the environmentally damaging processes of coal mining, especially through mountaintop removal (MTR).[146] On May 6, 2015, the company announced that it would "reduce [its] credit exposure ... to the coal mining industry," i.e. reduce its financing of companies engaging in MTR, coal mining, and coal power production. The company stated that pressure to divest from universities and environmental groups led to this policy change.[147]
Notable buildings[edit]




Bank of America Plaza, the tallest building in Atlanta






Bank of America Stadium, home to the Carolina Panthers of the NFL


Notable buildings which Bank of America currently occupies include:

Bank of America Tower in Phoenix, Arizona
Bank of America Center in Los Angeles
Transamerica Pyramid, in San Francisco
555 California Street, formerly the Bank of America Center and world headquarters, in San Francisco
Bank of America Plaza in Fort Lauderdale, Florida
Bank of America Tower in Jacksonville, Florida
Bank of America Tower in Miami, Florida
Bank of America Center in Orlando, Florida
Bank of America Tower in St. Petersburg, Florida
Bank of America Plaza in Tampa, Florida
Bank of America Plaza in Atlanta, Georgia
Bank of America Building, formerly the LaSalle Bank Building in Chicago, Illinois
One City Center, often called the Bank of America building due to signage rights, in Portland, Maine
Bank of America Building in Baltimore, Maryland
Bank of America Plaza in St Louis, Missouri
Bank of America Tower in Albuquerque, New Mexico
Bank of America Tower in New York City
Bank of America Corporate Center in Charlotte, North Carolina (the corporate headquarters)
Bank of America Plaza in Charlotte, North Carolina
Bank of America Plaza in Dallas, Texas
Bank of America Center in Houston, Texas
Bank of America Tower in Midland, Texas
Bank of America Plaza in San Antonio, Texas
Bank of America Fifth Avenue Plaza in Seattle, Washington
Columbia Center in Seattle, Washington
Bank of America Tower in Hong Kong
City Place I, also known as United Healthcare Center, in Hartford, Connecticut (the tallest building in Connecticut)
9454 Wilshire Boulevard in Beverly Hills, California

Former buildings[edit]
The Robert B. Atwood Building in Anchorage, Alaska was at one time named the Bank of America Center, renamed in conjunction with the bank's acquisition of building tenant Security Pacific Bank. This particular branch was later acquired by Alaska-based Northrim Bank and moved across the street to the Linny Pacillo Parking Garage.
The Bank of America Building (Providence) was opened in 1928 as the Industrial Trust Building. It was, and is, the tallest building in Rhode Island. Through a number of mergers it was later known as the Industrial National Bank building and the Fleet Bank building. The building was leased by Bank of America from 2004 to 2012 and has been vacant since March 2013. The building is commonly known as the Superman Building based on a popular belief that it was the model for the Daily Planet building in the Superman comic books.
See also[edit]


North Carolina portal
San Francisco Bay Area portal
Companies portal



List of members ATM Industry Association (ATMIA)
BAML Capital Partners
Bank of America (Asia)
Bank of America Canada
Calibuso, et al. v. Bank of America Corp., et al.
List of bank mergers in United States

References[edit]


^ a b "Bank of America". NNDB. Retrieved March 23, 2015. 
^ "Bank of America Corporation". Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved October 21, 2011. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r Bank of America 2016 Form 10-K Annual Report
^ Largest Banks in the United States
^ Forbes - The World’s Biggest Public Companies 2016 RANKING: Bank of America
^ a b Cohan, William D. (September 2009), "An offer he couldn't refuse", The Atlantic
^ Comoreanu, Alina (February 9, 2017). "Bank Market Share by Deposits and Assets". WalletHub. 
^ "Citigroup posts 4th straight loss; Merrill loss widens". USA Today. Associated Press. October 16, 2008. Retrieved December 17, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric (August 23, 2007). "4 Major Banks Tap Fed for Financing". The New York Times. Retrieved December 17, 2009. 
^ B of A has operations (for example, Merrill Lynch offices), but no retail branches in Alabama, Alaska, Hawaii, Louisiana, Mississippi, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, Vermont, West Virginia, Wisconsin, or Wyoming. Bank of America Branches and ATMs Archived July 1, 2014, at the Wayback Machine.. Click "Browse locations by state." © 2014 Bank of America Corporation. Retrieved June 30, 2014.
^ "Bank Of America Corp". Intelligent Investor. Retrieved May 1, 2015. 
^ "Bank of America to Pay $16.65 Billion in Historic Justice Department Settlement for Financial Fraud Leading up to and During the Financial Crisis" (Press release). U.S. Department of Justice. August 21, 2014. 
^ "Who Made America? – Innovators – A.P. Giannini". PBS.org. Archived from the original on January 7, 2010. Retrieved December 17, 2009. 
^ "Amadeo Peter Giannini". Famous Entrepreneurs by Evan Carmichael. Retrieved August 25, 2014. 
^ Nation & World: Ripples from 1906 San Francisco quake felt even today Archived October 29, 2013, at the Wayback Machine.. The Seattle Times. Retrieved on August 25, 2013.
^ Fradkin, Philip L. (2005). The Great Earthquake and Firestorms of 1906: How San Francisco Nearly Destroyed Itself . pp. 97–99. ISBN 978-0-520-23060-6
^ Bank of America - Our Heritage: Loans on a Handshake. About.bankofamerica.com (April 18, 1906). Retrieved on 2013-08-25.
^ In 1918 the Bank of Italy Archived July 18, 2011, at the Wayback Machine. opened a Delegation in New York in order to follow American political, economic and financial affairs more closely; together with the London Delegation, this was the first permanent overseas office opened by the Bank, at a time when the foundations were being laid[by whom?] for the restructuring of the international money market.
^ "Statewide Expansion" pp. 34-38 In: Branch Banking California. Report for the U.S. Federal Reserve System. web version at: PDF version
^ Transamerica Corporation, a corporation of Delaware Archived August 30, 2009, at the Wayback Machine., has petitioned this court to review an order of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System entered against it under Section 11 of the Clayton Act, 15 U.S.C.A. § 21, to enforce compliance with Section 7 of the Act, 15 U.S.C.A. § 18.
^ "The History of Visa". Visa Inc. Archived from the original on November 3, 2007. Retrieved October 29, 2007. 
^ Matassa Flores, Michele (April 2, 1992). "Key Bank, West One Finalize Purchases". Seattle Times. Retrieved September 27, 2008. 
^ BA Securities, Inc. Changes to BancAmerica Securities, Inc.. Business Wire, January 16, 1997
^ BankAmerica Adds 4 Traders To Its High-Yield Bond Sector. American Banker, June 17, 1996
^ BankAmerica to Buy Robertson, Stephens Investment Company. New York Times, June 9, 1997
^ Kolman, Joe (1998). "Inside D. E. Shaw". Derivatives Strategy. Archived from the original on October 22, 2013. Retrieved June 22, 2013. 
^ Mulligan, Thomas S. (October 21, 1998). "BankAmerica's Coulter to Step Down Oct. 30". Los Angeles Times. 
^ Petruno, Tom (October 15, 1998). "Surprise BofA Losses Trigger Plunge in Stock". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved June 22, 2013. 
^ Martin, Mitchell (April 14, 1998). "Nations Bank Drives $62 Billion Merger: A New BankAmerica: Biggest of U.S. Banks". The New York Times. Retrieved June 5, 2014. 
^ Montgomery name disappears, as Banc of America Securities debuts. Investment Dealers' Digest, May 17, 1999
^ a b "US banking mega-merger unveiled". BBC News. October 27, 2003. 
^ "Bank of America To Buy U.S. Trust". Forbes. November 20, 2006. Archived from the original on October 12, 2007. Retrieved August 22, 2007. 
^ Tom, Henderson (April 14, 2008). "BOA to 'paint the town red' with LaSalle name change". Crain's Detroit Business. Crain Communications Inc. Archived from the original on June 5, 2008. Retrieved May 5, 2008. 
^ Fitzpatrick, Dan; Lublin, Joann S. (October 2, 2009). "Bank of America Chief Resigns Under Fire". The Wall Street Journal. Archived from the original on February 11, 2010. Retrieved March 29, 2010. 
^ La Monica, Paul R. (February 24, 2010). "BofA: No longer hated on Wall Street". The Buzz. CNNMoney.com. Archived from the original on February 25, 2010. Retrieved March 29, 2010. 
^ Salas, Caroline; Church, Steven (August 23, 2007). "Countrywide Gives Bank of America $447 million Gain". Bloomberg L.P. Archived from the original on October 9, 2007. Retrieved October 29, 2007. 
^ "Bank of America to buy Countrywide for $4 billion". Reuters (via Yahoo! News). January 11, 2008. Retrieved January 11, 2008. [dead link]
^ "Countrywide FBI Investigation". CNNMoney.com. March 10, 2008. Archived from the original on March 9, 2008. Retrieved March 10, 2008. 
^ Arena, Kelli (September 24, 2008), "FBI probing bailout firms", CNNMoney.com. Retrieved March 8, 2010.
^ Bauerlein, Valerie; Hagerty, James S. (January 12, 2008). "Behind Bank of America's Big Gamble". The Wall Street Journal. pp. A1, A5. Archived from the original on January 15, 2008. Retrieved January 15, 2008. 
^ "Countrywide Financial Corporation Thirteen Month Statistical Data for the period ended December 31, 2007". Archived from the original on January 13, 2008. Retrieved January 15, 2008. 
^ "BofA completes deal for Countrywide Financial". Associated Press. July 1, 2008. Archived from the original on August 4, 2008. Retrieved July 2, 2008. 
^ "Bank of America May Not Guarantee Countrywide's Debt". Bloomberg News. May 2, 2008. Archived from the original on January 22, 2009. Retrieved August 3, 2008. 
^ Isidore, Chris (December 21, 2011). "BofA settles unfair lending claims for $335 million". CNN. 
^ Zach Lowe (September 15, 2008). "Wachtell, Shearman, Cravath on Bank of America-Merrill Deal". Law.com. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ Popper, Margaret (September 14, 2008). "Bank of America Said to Walk Away From Lehman Talks (Update1)". Bloomberg. Archived from the original on June 13, 2010. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ Sorkin, Andrew Ross (September 15, 2008). "Lehman Files for Bankruptcy; Merrill Is Sold". The New York Times. Retrieved March 31, 2010. 
^ "Lehman Brothers files for Bankruptcy". BBC News. September 16, 2008. Archived from the original on January 22, 2009. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "AFP: Temasek could profit on Merrill takeover: economists". Google. September 15, 2008. Archived from the original on May 8, 2009. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ Lim, Kevin & Azhar, Saeed (May 22, 2009), "Singapore's Temasek defends costly Bank of America exit", Reuters, retrieved August 3, 2009
^ "Bank of America Completes Merrill Lynch Purchase". prnewswire.com for Bank of America. January 1, 2009. Archived from the original on February 15, 2009. 
^ Keoun, Bradley; Trowbridge, Poppy (December 18, 2008), "Bank of America Moves Chai; Berkery Said to Depart", Bloomberg L.P., archived from the original on October 14, 2007, retrieved November 17, 2009 
^ Farrell, Greg; Guerrera, Francesco (February 3, 2009), "BofA Asia head and Thain ally leaves", Financial Times, retrieved November 17, 2009 
^ Dash, Eric; Story, Louise (January 16, 2009). "Bank of America to Receive Additional $20 billion". The New York Times. Retrieved April 26, 2010. 
^ LOUISE STORY and JO BECKER (June 11, 2009). "Bank Chief Tells of U.S. Pressure to Buy Merrill Lynch". New York Times. Retrieved June 13, 2009. [dead link]
^ BARBARA BARRETT (June 10, 2009). "BofA documents, e-mails show pressure to buy Merrill Lynch". Miami Herald. Retrieved June 13, 2009. [dead link]
^ "Bank of America Buys Merrill Lynch Creating Unique Financial Services Firm" (Press release). Bank of America. September 15, 2008. [dead link]
^ "Debt overshadows US bank's profit". BBC News. April 20, 2009. Retrieved March 31, 2010. 
^ Mildenberg, David (October 5, 2009). "Merrill Bringing Down Lewis Gives Bank 30% Profits as 'a Steal'". Bloomberg. Archived from the original on May 25, 2010. Retrieved December 12, 2009. 
^ https://dealbook.nytimes.com/2012/09/28/bank-of-america-to-pay-2-43-billion-to-settle-class-action-over-merrill-deal/?_r=0
^ Patrick Rucker & Jonathan Stempel (January 16, 2009). "Bank of America gets big government bailout". Reuters. CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ Giannone, Joseph A. (February 5, 2009). "U.S. pushed Bank of America to complete Merrill buy: report". Reuters. Archived from the original on February 8, 2009. 
^ Ellis, David (February 11, 2009). "Bank CEOs flogged in Washington". CNNMoney.com. Retrieved March 31, 2010. 
^ Walsh, Mary Williams (March 15, 2009), "A.I.G. Lists Firms It Paid With Taxpayer Money", The New York Times. Retrieved March 31, 2009.
^ "US Regulators to B of A: Obey or Else", The Wall Street Journal, July 16, 2009
^ Bank of America to Repay Entire $45 billion in TARP to U.S. Taxpayers, PR Newswire, December 2, 2009
^ "Bank of America Completes US TARP Repayment". October 12, 2009. Archived from the original on May 23, 2012. Retrieved December 12, 2009. 
^ Kouwe, Zachery (August 3, 2009), "BofA Settles S.E.C. Suit Over Merrill Deal" DealBook blog, The New York Times, Retrieved August 3, 2009.
^ "Judge blocks Bank of America-SEC bonus settlement" by Jonathan Stempel, Reuters, 8/6/09. Retrieved 8/7/09.
^ Story, Louise (August 10, 2009), "Judge Attacks Merrill Pre-Merger Bonuses", The New York Times, (p. B1, August 11, 2009 NY ed.), retrieved August 11, 2009
^ a b "Judge Rejects Settlement Over Merrill Bonuses" by Louise Story, The New York Times, September 14, 2009. Retrieved September 14, 2009.
^ Glovin, David (February 22, 2010), "Bank of America $150 million SEC Accord Is Approved", Bloomberg.com, retrieved March 2, 2010
^ "Executive Compensation: How Much is Too Much?" Hearing, with statements, October 28, 2009. Retrieved October 30, 2011.
^ "Kucinich on new NY AG fraud charges against Bank of America and SEC settling charges against BofA for misleading shareholders" Press release, February 4, 2010. Retrieved March 2, 2010.
^ , "BoA fined $137 million for fraud", Washington Post, December 8, 2010
^ Selway, William, & Braun, Martin Z. (January 2011), "The Men who Rigged the Muni Market", Bloomberg Markets, pp. 79–84
^ "U.S. Sues Bank Of America Over Mortgage Loans To Fannie And Freddie". npr. October 24, 2012. 
^ "U.S. Accuses Bank of America of a ‘Brazen’ Mortgage Fraud". The New York Times/Dealbook. October 24, 2012.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Aruna Viswanatha and Christina Rexrode (May 23, 2016). "Bank of America Penalty Thrown Out in Crisis-Era ‘Hustle’ Case Appeals court says government didn’t prove case, bank doesn’t have to pay $1.27 billion". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved May 24, 2016. 
^ "Bank of America ending 30K more jobs". Philadelphia Business Journal. American City Business Journals. September 13, 2011. Archived from the original on September 15, 2011. Retrieved September 15, 2011. 
^ Badenhausen, Kurt (December 13, 2011). "Full List: America's Best And Worst Banks". Forbes.
^ "BofA speeds up plans to cut 16,000 jobs: WSJ". Yahoo News. Retrieved September 21, 2012. 
^ "Huntington Bank buys 13 branches to Flint-area, Monroe, Muskegon in $500 million deal". MLive.com. 
^ "Bank of America invests in China". BBC. June 17, 2005. Retrieved August 22, 2007. 
^ "ALB Asia – legal deals, law deals, law firm deals, lawyer deals". Legalbusinessonline.com.au. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ Son, Hugh; Tong, Stephanie (November 15, 2011). "Bank of America's Construction Bank Sale Lifts Capital, Reduces China Risk". Bloomberg. Retrieved June 10, 2012. 
^ Elzio Barreto, Denny Thomas and Peter Rudegeair (September 3, 2013). "Bank of America selling remaining stake in Chinese bank". Reuters. 
^ "Bank of America to pay nearly $17 bn to settle mortgage claims". Philadelphia Herald. August 21, 2014. Retrieved August 22, 2014. 
^ Meg Handley. "Mortgage Settlement: Do the Big Banks Owe You Money?". US News & World Report. Archived from the original on January 3, 2015. 
^ Mahany, Brian (January 5, 2015). "Whistleblowers Share Over $170M in Bank of America Settlement". MahanyLaw. MahanyLaw. Retrieved November 25, 2015. 
^ Community Bank official website
^ DOD Community Bank Branch and ATM locations
^ Community Bank Frequently Asked Questions
^ "Awards for Excellence 2007 Best Bank: Bank of America". Euromoney. July 13, 2007. Archived from the original on September 21, 2007. 
^ "Whoa! Bank of America cuts ties to ALEC". Teamsters. November 6, 2012. 
^ "Asia Pacific | Global Regions | Bank of America Merrill Lynch". Corp.bankofamerica.com. Archived from the original on July 21, 2009. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "Bank Vows $20 Billion for Green Projects". NBC News. Associated Press. February 6, 2008. 
^ Cui, Carolyn (November 30, 2007). "Credit Cards' Latest Pitch: Green Benefits". Wall Street Journal. 
^ O’Daniel, Adam; Boye, Will (May 10, 2011). "Credit Cards' Latest Pitch: Green Benefits". Charlotte Business Journal. 
^ Kowalczyk, Liz (March 10, 2007). "Bank to aid health centers". Boston Globe. 
^ Freer, Jim (March 9, 2007). "BofA donates $1M to Camillus House". South Florida Business Journal. 
^ "Bank of America Meeting $350 Billion Community Development Goals" (Press release). PRNewswire. June 20, 2002. 
^ "Beyond the Balance Sheet Social Scorecard". Forbes Magazine. December 13, 2004.  line feed character in |title= at position 26 (help)
^ Connelly, Eileen AJ (October 13, 2011). "Fitch may downgrade BofA, Morgan Stanley, Goldman". Seattle Post-Intelligencer. Associated Press. Archived from the original on December 8, 2011. Retrieved October 13, 2011. 
^ Savage, Charlie (December 21, 2011). "Countrywide Will Settle a Bias Suit". The New York Times. Retrieved November 19, 2011. 
^ "Joint State-Federal Mortgage Servicing Settlement FAQ". Retrieved June 15, 2015. 
^ New York Times, Mortgage Plan Gives Billions to Homeowners, but With Exceptions, February 9, 2012
^ Protess, Ben (October 24, 2012). "U.S. Accuses Bank of America of a 'Brazen' Mortgage Fraud". The New York Times. 
^ Son, Hugh (March 26, 2014). "BofA's Moynihan Delivers at Last on Vow to Boost Dividend". Bloomberg.com. Retrieved August 23, 2014. 
^ "CFPB Orders Bank Of America To Pay $727 Million In Consumer Relief For Illegal Credit Card Practices". Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Retrieved 8 June 2016. 
^ Abrams, Rachel (April 25, 2014). "Ex-Finance Chief at Bank of America to Pay $7.5 Million in Settlement". New York Times. Retrieved April 28, 2014. 
^ a b Puzzanghera, Jim (August 21, 2014). "Bank of America to Pay Record $16.65 Billion to Settle Mortgage Claims". Los Angeles Times. Tribune Company. 
^ "Holder to Announce Record Bank of America Settlement". CBS News. August 21, 2014. 
^ Roberts, Deon (August 20, 2014). "Bank of America's Nearly $17 Billion Settlement Could be Announced Thursday". The Charlotte Observer. The McClatchy Company. 
^ Corkery, Michael; Apuzzo, Matt (August 21, 2014). "Bank of America Reaches $16.65 Billion Mortgage Settlement". The New York Times. The New York Times Company. 
^ McCoy, Kevin; Johnson, Kevin (August 21, 2014). "Bank of America Agrees to Nearly $17B Settlement". USA Today. Gannett Company. 
^ "BofA settles with Parmalat for $100M". Charlotte Business Journal. July 28, 2009. Retrieved June 19, 2011. 
^ "Italy/US: Parmalat receives Bank of America settlement". Aroq Ltd. October 5, 2009. Retrieved June 19, 2011. 
^ Sylvers, Eric (April 18, 2011). "Judge Clears Banks in Parmalat Case". The New York Times. Retrieved June 19, 2011. 
^ Berner, Robert (February 7, 2008), A Credit Card You Want to Toss" Archived January 26, 2010, at the Wayback Machine., Bloomberg BusinessWeek. Retrieved March 1, 2010.
^ Palmer, Kimberly (February 28, 2008), Mortgage Woes Boost Credit Card Debt Archived May 5, 2010, at the Wayback Machine., U.S. News & World Report. Retrieved March 1, 2010.
^ Delaney, Arthur (September 21, 2009, updated November 21, 2009), "Ann Minch Triumphs In Credit Card Fight", The Huffington Post. Retrieved March 1, 2010.
^ Ferran, Lee (September 29, 2009), "Woman Boycotts Bank of America, Wins", Good Morning America, ABC News. Retrieved March 1, 2010.
^ Pepitone, Julianne (September 29, 2009), "YouTube credit card rant gets results". Retrieved March 1, 2010.
^ Gomstyn, Alice (January 25, 2010). "No Mortgage, Still Foreclosed? Bank of America Sued for Seizing Wrong Homes". ABC News. Archived from the original on January 28, 2010. Retrieved March 4, 2010. 
^ Nystedt, Dan (October 9, 2009). "Wikileaks plans to make the Web a leakier place". Computerworld. IDG. Archived from the original on December 17, 2010. Retrieved December 19, 2010. 
^ Andy Greenberg (November 29, 2010). "WikiLeaks’ Julian Assange Wants To Spill Your Corporate Secrets". Forbes. Retrieved December 19, 2010. 
^ "Bank Of America Shares Fall On WikiLeaks Fears". NPR. Associated Press. November 30, 2010. Retrieved December 19, 2010. 
^ Lundin, Leigh (February 20, 2011). "WikiLicks". Crime. Orlando: Criminal Brief. 
^ Schwartz, Nelson D. (December 18, 2010). "Bank of America Suspends Payments Made to WikiLeaks". The New York Times. Archived from the original on December 26, 2010. Retrieved December 19, 2010. 
^ "Bank of America Wants You to Know Its Executives Don’t Suck". Domain Name Wire. December 20, 2010. Archived from the original on January 15, 2011. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ Tiku, Nitasha (December 22, 2010). "Bank of America Prepares to Get WikiLeaked by Buying Up Negative Domain Names". New York. Archived from the original on December 28, 2010. Retrieved January 2, 2011. 
^ Kapne, Suzanne (December 23, 2010). "Hundreds of anti-BofA websites registered". Financial Times. Archived from the original on January 1, 2011. Retrieved January 2, 2011. 
^ Rothacker, Rick (December 23, 2010). "Bank of America buys up critical domain names". Charlotte Observer. Archived from the original on December 8, 2011. Retrieved January 2, 2011. 
^ Baumann, Nick (January 4, 2011) Bank of America's WikiLeaks Defense Fail, Mother Jones
^ "We can confirm that the DDB ...". August 21, 2011. 
^ "We can confirm that the DDB". August 21, 2011. 
^ Cynthia Koons, Dan Fitzpatrick (March 15, 2011). "Anonymous' Perplexing Leak of Bank of America Documents". Wall Street Journal. Dow Jones & Company, Inc. Retrieved March 1, 2012. 
^ "QBE Completes Acquisition of Balboa Insurance Co. Portfolio". Reuters. Reuters. June 1, 2011. Retrieved March 1, 2012. 
^ Garofalo, Pat (January 26, 2012). "Bank Of America's Offer To Homeowners: We’ll Modify Loans If You'll Erase All The Mean Things Said About Us On Twitter". ThinkProgress. Retrieved January 26, 2012. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on May 22, 2014. Retrieved 2014-05-21. 
^ "Why Is Bank of America Closing Iranian Students' Accounts? | Ryan Costello". Huffingtonpost.com. May 15, 2014. Retrieved August 23, 2014. 
^ a b Katie Rucke (May 23, 2014). "Are US Sanctions Against Iran Fostering Discriminatory Banking Practices Affecting Iranian-Americans?". Mintpressnews.com. Retrieved August 23, 2014. 
^ "Bank of america closing iranian accounts because they are from Iran". YouTube. May 16, 2014. Retrieved August 23, 2014. 
^ "ايران - BBC فارسی - نگرانی از 'بسته شدن حساب ایرانیان' در یک بانک آمریکایی". Bbc.co.uk. January 1, 1970. Retrieved August 23, 2014. 
^ Zach Carter (May 9, 2012). "CEO Defends Support for Mountaintop Removal Mining". Huffingtonpost.com. Retrieved September 29, 2015. 
^ Valerie Volcovici (May 6, 2015). "Bank of America's new policy to limit credit exposure to coal". businessinsider.com. Retrieved September 29, 2015. 


Further reading[edit]

Cohen, Lauren (2016). Bank of America Interview Tips. Los Angeles, CA: Smith-Westfield Press. 
Bonadio, Felice A. (1994). A.P. Giannini: Banker of America. Berkeley, CA: University of California Press. ISBN 0-520-08249-4. 
Hector, Gary (1988). Breaking the Bank: The Decline of BankAmerica. Boston: Little, Brown. ISBN 0-316-35392-2. 
James, Marquie; James, Bessie (1954). Biography of a Bank: The Story of Bank of America N.T.&S.A. New York: Harper and Brothers. 
Johnston, Moira (1990). Roller Coaster: The Bank of America and the Future of American Banking. New York: Ticknor & Fields. 
Josephson, Matthew (1972). The Money Lords: The Great Finance Capitalists, 1925–1950. New York: Weybright and Talley. 
Lampert, Hope (1986). Behind Closed Doors: Wheeling and Dealing in the Banking World. New York: Atheneum. 
Light, Larry (October 1, 2007). "Money for the Masses". Forbes. 
Monnette, Orra Eugene. Personal Papers Collection. Los Angeles, CA: Los Angeles Public Library. 
Nash, Gerald G. (1992). A.P. Giannini and the Bank of America. Norman, OK: University of Oklahoma Press. 
Yockey, Ross (1999). McColl: The Man with America's Money. Atlanta: Longstreet Press. 
Ahmed, Azam; Demirjian, Karoun (February 15, 2007). "Credit offered to illegal residents". Chicago Tribune. 
Taibbi, Matt (March 14, 2012). "Bank of America: Too Crooked to Fail". Rolling Stone. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Bank of America.



Official website
DOD Community Bank operated by Bank of America official website



Business data for Bank of America Corp: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Bank of America



Divisions



Bank of America Home Loans
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Merrill Lynch
U.S. Trust








Historical components



Banc of America Securities
Bank of America, Los Angeles
Bank of America NT&SA
Bank of Italy
Bank of New England
BankBoston
Barnett Bank
Baybank
Benj. Franklin Savings and Loan
Boatmen's Bancshares
Cassatt & Company
Central Bank and Trust
Citizens & Southern National Bank
Commercial National Bank
Continental Illinois
Countrywide Financial
E.A. Pierce & Co.
Farmers and Merchants Bank of Los Angeles
First Franklin
First Republic Bank Corporation
Fleet Bank
Fourth Financial Corporation
G. H. Walker & Co.
Gibraltar Savings and Loan
LaSalle Bank
Mercury Asset Management
MBNA/Maryland National Bank
Michigan National Bank
Montgomery Securities
NationsBank
North Carolina National Bank
Provident Institution for Savings
Rainier Bancorp
Robertson Stephens
Seafirst Bank
Security Pacific Bank
Shawmut Bank
Standard Federal Bank
Sovran Bank
Summit Bancorp
Suretrade
Western Savings and Loan
White Weld & Co.





Buildings



555 California Street (San Francisco)
701 Brickell Avenue
Albuquerque Plaza
American Security and Trust Company Building (Washington, D.C.)
Bank of America Building (Baltimore)
Bank of America Building (Midland)
Bank of America Building (Oakland)
Bank of America Center (Baltimore)
Bank of America Center (Houston)
Bank of America Center (Los Angeles)
Bank of America Center (Norfolk)
Bank of America Center (Tulsa)
Bank of America Corporate Center (Charlotte)
Bank of America Plaza (Atlanta)
Bank of America Plaza (Charlotte)
Bank of America Plaza (Chicago)
Bank of America Plaza (Dallas)
Bank of America Plaza (Fort Lauderdale)
Bank of America Plaza (St. Louis)
Bank of America Plaza (Tampa)
Bank of America Tower (Jacksonville)
Bank of America Tower (Manhattan)
Bank of America Tower (Phoenix)
Bank of America Tower (St. Petersburg)
Boulder Towers
Hearst Tower (Charlotte)
Miami Tower
Museum Tower








 Category
 Commons










Articles and topics related to Bank of America











v
t
e


Great Recession



By region



Africa
Americas

United States
South America


Asia
Europe
Oceania





United States-specific



Automotive industry crisis
California budget crisis
Housing bubble
Housing market correction
Subprime mortgage crisis





Banking losses and fraud



Anglo Irish Bank hidden loans controversy
Libor scandal

Tom Hayes


Société Générale trading loss
Forex scandal
Seán FitzPatrick
Bernard Madoff
Tom Petters
Scott W. Rothstein
Allen Stanford





Government entities



Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Home Loan Banks
Federal Housing Administration
Federal Housing Finance Agency
Federal Housing Finance Board
Federal Reserve System
Government National Mortgage Association
Irish Bank Resolution Corporation
National Asset Management Agency
Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight
Office of Financial Stability
UK Financial Investments










Government policy and spending responses



Banking and finance
stability and reform



Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Act 2009
Banking (Special Provisions) Act 2008
China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit
Commercial Paper Funding Facility
Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008
Irish emergency budget, 2009
Irish budget, 2010
Irish budget, 2011
Irish budget, 2012
Irish budget, 2013
Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program
Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility
Troubled Asset Relief Program
2008 United Kingdom bank rescue package




Bank stress tests



EU
U.S.








Stimulus and recovery



2008 European Union stimulus plan
2008–09 Keynesian resurgence
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Chinese economic stimulus program
Economic Stimulus Act of 2008
Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009
Green New Deal
Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008
National fiscal policy response to the Great Recession
Zero interest-rate policy





Government interventions,
rescues, and acquisitions



List of banks acquired or bankrupted during the Great Recession




Non-banking



Chrysler
General Motors











Securities involved
and financial markets



Auction rate securities
Collateralized debt obligations
Collateralized mortgage obligations
Credit default swaps
Mortgage-backed securities
Secondary mortgage market





Social responses



Tea Party protests (United States; c. 2009)
May Day protests (Europe, Middle East and North Africa, Asia; 2009)
Occupy movement (worldwide)





Related topics



2000s energy crisis

Central Asia: 2008


Effects on museums
Decline of newspapers
World food price crisis








European debt crisis
Financial crisis of 2007–08
List of countries by public debt












v
t
e


50 largest banks and bank holding companies in the United States






Ally
American Express
Bank of America
Bank of New York Mellon
Barclays*
BB&T
BBVA*
BMO*
BNP Paribas*
Capital One
Charles Schwab
CIT
Citigroup
Citizens
Comerica
Credit Suisse*
Deutsche Bank*
Discover
E-Trade
Fifth Third
Goldman Sachs
HSBC*
Huntington
JPMorgan Chase
KeyBank
M&T
Mizuho*
Morgan Stanley
MUFG Union Bank*
Mutual of Omaha
New York Community
Northern Trust
People's United
PNC
Popular
Royal Bank of Canada*
Regions
Banco Santander*
State Farm
State Street
SunTrust
SVB
Synchrony
Toronto Dominion*
TIAA
U.S. Bancorp
UBS*
USAA
Wells Fargo
Zions








* indicates the U.S. subsidiary of a non-U.S. bank. Inclusion on this list is based on U.S. assets only, and is current as of March 31, 2017.












v
t
e


 Members of Euro Banking Association



Austria



Allgemeine Sparkasse Oberosterreich
Bank für Tirol und Vorarlberg AG
BKS Bank AG
Erste Group Bank AG
Oberbank AG
Oesterreichische Nationalbank
Raiffeisen Bank International AG
Raiffeisenlandesbank Oberösterreich AG
Raiffeisen-Landesbank Tirol AG
Steiermärkische Bank und Sparkassen AG





Belgium



Dexia Bank NV
KBC Bank NV
Bank van De Post





Cyprus



Bank of Cyprus
Hellenic Bank





Denmark



Amagerbanken A/S
Arbejdernes Landsbank A/S
Danske Andelskassers Bank A/S
Danske Bank A/S
DiBa Bank A/S
Djurslands Bank A/S
Jyske Bank A/S
Nordjyske Bank A/S
Nørresundby Bank
Østjydsk Bank A/S
Ringkøbing Landbobank
Roskilde Bank A/S
Skjern Bank
Spar Nord Bank
Sparekassen Sjælland
Sydbank A/S
Vestfyns Bank A/S
Vestjysk Bank





Finland



Aktia Bank PLC
Bank of Åland PLC
Pohjola Bank PLC
S-Bank LTD.
Tapiola Bank LTD





France



Banque Michel Inchauspé - BAMI
Banque Palatine
BNP Paribas SA
BPCE
BRED Banque Populaire
Crédit Agricole SA
Crédit Coopératif
Crédit du Nord
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa
Credit Mutuel CIC Banque
HSBC France
La Banque postale
Natixis
Société Générale





Germany



Berenberg Bank
BHF Bank
Bremer Landesbank
Commerzbank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bundesbank
Deutsche Postbank
DZ Bank AG
Europe Arab Bank Frankfurt
Hamburger Sparkasse AG
J.P. Morgan Chase Bank AG
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg
Landesbank Berlin Holding
Landesbank Hessen-Thüringen
Oldenburgische Landesbank
SECB Swiss EURO CLEARING Bank GmbH
The Bank of New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch
VTB Bank (Deutschland) AG





Greece



Alpha Bank SA
Eurobank Ergasias SA
National Bank of Greece SA
Piraeus Bank SA





Hungary



Budapest Bank
CIB Bank
Erste Bank
FHB Mortgage Bank
Hanwha Bank
Hungarian Development Bank
Hungarian National Bank
K&H Bank
MagNet Bank
MKB Bank
OTP Bank
Raiffeisen Bank
Sberbank Europe Group
TakarékBank
UniCredit





Ireland



Allied Irish Banks
Bank of Ireland





Italy



Banca del Fucino
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena
Banca Nazionale del Lavoro
Banca Popolare del Lazio
Banca Popolare di Sondrio
Banca Sella
Banco BPM
BPER Banca
Cassa di Risparmio di Cesena
Cassa di Risparmio di Fermo
Cassa di Risparmio di Ravenna

Banca di Imola


Credito Emiliano
Credito Valtellinese
ICCREA Banca
Intesa Sanpaolo
Istituto Centrale delle Banche Popolari Italiane
Raiffeisen Landesbank Südtirol
UBI Banca
UniCredit





Luxembourg



Banque et Caisse d'Épargne de l'État
Banque Raiffeisen
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA
KBL European Private Bankers
Société Générale Bank & Trust





Netherlands



ABN Amro Bank NV
De Nederlandsche Bank
ING Bank NV
Rabobank Nederland





Poland



Bank BPH SA
Narodowy Bank Polski





Portugal



Banco BPI SA
Banco Comercial Português
Crédito Agrícola
Caixa Geral de Depósitos
Novo Banco





Slovenia



Banka Slovenije





Spain



Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.
Banco Popular Español, S.A.
Banco Sabadell, S.A.
Bankinter, S.A.
Banco Santander, S.A.
CaixaBank, S.A. (La Caixa)
Catalunya Banc, S.A. (CatalunyaCaixa)
Kutxabank, S.A.
ABANCA Corporación Bancaria, S.A. (Abanca)
Caja Laboral Popular, Cooperativa de Crédito (Caja Laboral)
Banco Cooperativo Español, S.A. (Caja Rural)
CECABANK, S.A.





Sweden



Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken
Svenska Handelsbanken
Swedbank AB
Nordea Bank AB





United Kingdom



Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ Ltd.
Barclays Bank PLC
Citibank NA
DNB Bank (NOR)
HSBC Bank PLC
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., London Branch
Kookmin Bank International Ltd.
Lloyds Bank PLC
MashreqBank psc (UAE)
Royal Bank of Scotland PLC
UBS AG
Wells Fargo Bank NA





Non-EU



Bank of China (CHN)














Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 155048466
ISNI: 0000 0001 0373 6759
GND: 19010-X










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Bank_of_America&oldid=791181109"					
Categories: Bank of America1904 establishments in CaliforniaBanks based in North CarolinaBanks established in 1904Global Systemically Important BanksBank of America legacy banksCompanies based in Charlotte, North CarolinaCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFinancial services companies of the United StatesFormer components of the Dow Jones Industrial AverageMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesOnline brokeragesPrimary dealersHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from December 2016All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2016Articles with dead external links from June 2017Articles with dead external links from September 2010CS1 maint: Uses authors parameterPages using citations with accessdate and no URLCS1 errors: invisible charactersUse mdy dates from November 2015Use American English from January 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishPages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from August 2014Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةБеларускаяCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Հայերենहिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаLatviešuLietuviųМакедонскиमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSuomiSvenskaไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng ViệtWinaray粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 17:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.
























Bank of America — Banking, Credit Cards, Mortgages and Auto Loans


























skip to sign in
Skip to main content








Personal


Small Business


Wealth Management


Businesses & Institutions


About Us














 Locations Layer




close
 Locations



Locations

Find a financial center or ATM


Go find a Financial center / ATM results



Schedule an appointment


End of layer.



Contact Us


Help


En español






Search Term















Please Use JavaScript
You need a web browser that supports JavaScript to use our site. Without it, some pages won’t work as designed.
To make sure JavaScript is turned on, please adjust your browser settings.
 
Browser Help and Tips
 


Close














                                You're signed out. Thank you.
                            
Your Online ID is missing. Please try again.
Your Passcode is missing. Please try again.
Secure Sign-in



























Online ID



Passcode



Sign In








Save Online ID



Security & Help







Forgot ID


Forgot Passcode


Enroll







Security & Help

Check your browser address bar to make sure you're on our real website:


www.bankofamerica.com
Green text/shading
Lock icon



Protect yourself from phishing

Your saved Online ID helps us personalize your visit

How we collect and use information









Banking menu. Press Enter to access submenu. To move through items press up or down arrow.


Checking 
Savings
CDs
Business Checking
Student Banking
Online Banking
Mobile Banking

More Banking Products



Preferred Rewards 
					Get more rewards withyour everyday banking
Explore popular features
					See how to get the most outof Mobile & Online Banking


End of submenu





Credit Cards menu. Press Enter to access submenu. To move through items press up or down arrow.


Popular Credit Cards
Cash Rewards Cards
Travel & Airline Rewards Cards
Lower Interest Rate Cards
Cards to Build or Rebuild Credit
Small Business Cards
Shop All Credit Cards
Check for Customized Offers

Manage Your Credit Card Account


End of submenu





Loans menu. Press Enter to access submenu. To move through items press up or down arrow.


Mortgage
Refinance
Home Equity
Auto Loans
Business Loans

Find a Home


End of submenu





Investments  menu. Press Enter to access submenu. To move through items press up or down arrow.


Streamline Investing with Merrill Edge
Why Merrill Edge
Retirement
IRA and 401(k) Rollovers
529 & College Savings Plans
Investment Products

Merrill Lynch Wealth Management
U.S. Trust Private Wealth Management


End of submenu





Learning
						 menu. Press Enter to access submenu. To move through items press up or down arrow.



Managing Credit
Handling Debt
Saving & Budgeting
Privacy & Security

BetterMoneyHabits.comVideos and tips to bettermanage your financial life.



Planning for Life Events
Retirement Planning
College Planning
Home Ownership
Auto Ownership


End of submenu





Bank of America — Banking, Credit Cards, Mortgages and Auto Loans








      








Information for:

Select a state
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming

Go and get state information




Please select a state from the dropdown menu to get information about that state's offerings.


OK









Advertising Practices

Advertising Practices
We strive to provide you with information about products and services you might find interesting and useful. Relationship-based ads and online behavioral advertising help us do that.
Here's how it works: We gather information about your online activities, such as the searches you conduct on our Sites and the pages you visit. This information may be used to deliver advertising on our Sites and offline (for example, by phone, email and direct mail) that's customized to meet specific interests you may have.
If you prefer that we do not use this information, you may opt out of online behavioral advertising. If you opt out, though, you may still receive generic advertising. In addition, financial advisors/Client Managers may continue to use information collected online to provide product and service information in accordance with account agreements.
Also, if you opt out of online behavioral advertising, you may still see ads when you sign in to your account, for example through Online Banking or MyMerrill. These ads are based on your specific account relationships with us.
To learn more about relationship-based ads, online behavioral advertising and our privacy practices, please review the Bank of America Online Privacy Notice and our Online Privacy FAQs.















       













       













       













       















Take charge with a student banking account



Students under the age of 24 can take charge of their finances with Bank of America Core Checking® with a monthly maintenance fee waiver.
Learn more about Core Checking®
















Help with your home loan payments



If you're a homeowner struggling with your loan payments, learn about our home loan assistance programs.»
























Popular links







Schedule an appointment 



Get the Mobile Banking app 



Open a new account 



Order checks 



Tell us you're traveling 



Go paperless now 












Your news and information


New in our Mobile App


 Send money in minutes to almost anyone, using Zelle 






Travel Insights


 International tipping guide 






Security tips


 Victims of identity theft: 5 steps to take action 






Saving and budgeting


 Spending analysis tool 














Online Banking Service Agreement



Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.
Investing in securities involves risks, and there is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities.
Merrill Lynch is the marketing name for Merrill Lynch Wealth Management and Merrill Edge®, both of which are made available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (“MLPF&S”). Merrill Edge consists of the Merrill Edge Advisory Center (investment guidance) and self-directed online investing.
MLPF&S is a registered broker-dealer, registered investment adviser and Member SIPC. Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc. (“MLLA”) is a licensed insurance agency. Both are wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation (“BofA Corp.”).
Merrill Lynch makes available products and services offered by MLPF&S and other subsidiaries of BofA Corp. Insurance and annuity products are offered through MLLA a licensed insurance agency and wholly owned subsidiary of BofA Corp.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through Bank of America, N.A., and other subsidiaries of BofA Corp.
Investment products offered through MLPF&S and insurance and annuity products offered through MLLA:



Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value


Are Not Deposits
Are Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency
Are Not a Condition to Any Banking Service or Activity








Locations


Contact Us


Help


Accessible Banking


Careers


Privacy & Security


McAfee® Internet Security


Site Map



Bank of America, N.A. Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender© 2017 Bank of America Corporation.

















Bank of America RED
YOU'RE ON YOUR WAY TO TURNING YOUR MILES (RED)TM
Pledge your miles with the Nike+ Running App, and Bank of America will make a donation to fight HIV/AIDS. Before you go to Nike.com, we want you to know Nike is solely responsible for their website's content, offerings and level of security, so please refer to the website's posted privacy policy and terms of use.

CONTINUE TO NIKE
RETURN TO BANK OF AMERICA

From October 12 to December 7, 2014, for every mile, up to a weekly cap published at NIKE.COM/ONESTEP4RED, recorded on Nike+ running as part of the Turn Your Miles (RED) pledge program Bank of America Corporation will donate $.40 to the U.S. Fund for the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria to support and fund prevention and treatment of HIV/AIDS, up to a total maximum donation of $1,000,000. No purchase necessary. Bank of America and the Bank of America logo are registered trademarks of Bank of America Corporation. Bank of America. N.A. Member FDIC © 2014 Bank of America Corporation.

















You're going to a page that's in English

We're letting you know the page you're about to view is offered only in English. Applications and documents for specific products and services may also only be in English.
As always, please be sure you've read and understood all terms and conditions before choosing a product, and contact us if you have questions.

Continue in English
Return to Spanish





You're going to another website

Before you go, we want you to know the site owner is responsible for what's on their site. Also, their privacy practices and level of security may be different from ours, so please review their policies.
Please note that this web site may not be available in Spanish.

Continue
Go back to Bank of America





You're going to another website

Before you go, we want you to know the site owner is responsible for what's on their site. Also, their privacy practices and level of security may be different from ours, so please review their policies.

Continue
Go back to Bank of America











Bank of America - Wikipedia






















 






Bank of America

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about a commercial bank unaffiliated with the government. For the central bank of the United States, see Federal Reserve System. For other Banks of the United States, see Bank of the United States.

Bank of America Corporation





Bank of America headquarters in Charlotte, North Carolina




Type

Public company


Traded as



NYSE: BAC
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





ISIN
US0605051046


Industry
Banking, Financial services


Predecessor
Bank America
NationsBank


Founded
October 17, 1904; 112 years ago (1904-10-17) (as Bank of Italy)
February 1930; 87 years ago (1930-02) (as Bank of America)[1][2]
October 2000; 16 years ago (2000-10) (current)


Founder
Amadeo Giannini


Headquarters
Charlotte, North Carolina



Number of locations

4,600 retail financial centers & approximately 15,900 automated teller machines[3]



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Brian Moynihan
(Chairman and CEO)[3][3]


Products
Consumer banking, corporate banking, insurance, investment banking, mortgage loans, private banking, private equity, wealth management, credit cards,


Revenue
 US$89.701 billion (2016)[3]



Net income

 US$17.906 billion (2016)[3]


AUM
 US$886.148 billion (2016)[3]


Total assets
 US$2.187 trillion (2016)[3]


Total equity
 US$266.84 billion (2016)[3]



Number of employees

208,000 (2016)[3]


Divisions
Bank of America Home Loans, Bank of America Merrill Lynch


Subsidiaries
Merrill Lynch
Merrill Edge
U.S. Trust


Capital ratio
10.8% (2016)[3]


Rating
Long Term Senior
Moody's: Baa1 (10/2016)
S&P: BBB+ (10/2016)
Fitch: A (10/2016)


Website
www.bankofamerica.com


Bank of America Corporation (abbreviated as BofA) is a multinational banking and financial services corporation headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina. It is ranked 2nd on the list of largest banks in the United States by assets.[4] As of 2016, Bank of America was the 26th largest company in the United States by total revenue. In 2016, it was ranked #11 on the Forbes Magazine Global 2000 list of largest companies in the world.[5]
Its acquisition of Merrill Lynch in 2008 made it the world's largest wealth management corporation and a major player in the investment banking market.[6] As of December 31, 2016, it had US$886.148 billion in assets under management (AUM).[3]
As of December 31, 2016, the company held 10.73% of all bank deposits in the United States.[7] It is one of the Big Four banks in the United States, along with Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo—its main competitors.[8][9] Bank of America operates—but does not necessarily maintain retail branches[10]—in all 50 states of the United States, the District of Columbia and more than 40 other countries. It has a retail banking footprint that serves approximately 46 million consumer and small business relationships at 4,600 banking centers and 15,900 automated teller machines (ATMs).[3]
Bank of America provides its products and services through 4,600 retail financial centers, approximately 15,900 automated teller machines,[3] call centers, and online and mobile banking platforms. Its Consumer Real Estate Services segment offers consumer real estate products comprising fixed and adjustable-rate first-lien mortgage loans for home purchase and refinancing needs, home equity lines of credit, and home equity loans.[11]
Bank of America has been the subject of many lawsuits and investigations regarding both mortgages and financial disclosures dating back to the financial crisis, including a record settlement of $16.65 billion on August 21, 2014.[12]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Bank of Italy
1.2 Expansion in California
1.3 Expansion outside California
1.4 Merger of NationsBank and BankAmerica
1.5 2001 to present

1.5.1 Acquisition of Countrywide Financial
1.5.2 Acquisition of Merrill Lynch
1.5.3 Federal Troubled Asset Relief Program
1.5.4 Bonus settlement
1.5.5 Fraud
1.5.6 Downsizing (2011 to 2014)
1.5.7 Sale of stake in China Construction Bank
1.5.8 $17 billion settlement with Justice Department
1.5.9 DOD Community Bank


1.6 Introduction of Erica


2 Operations

2.1 Consumer Banking
2.2 Global Banking
2.3 Global Wealth and Investment Management
2.4 Global Markets
2.5 Offices

2.5.1 International offices




3 Charitable efforts
4 Lawsuits
5 Controversies

5.1 Parmalat controversy
5.2 Consumer credit controversies
5.3 WikiLeaks
5.4 Anonymous
5.5 Mortgage business
5.6 Accounts of Iranians frozen
5.7 Investment in mountaintop removal


6 Notable buildings

6.1 Former buildings


7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



History[edit]
Bank of Italy[edit]
Main article: Bank of Italy (United States)
The history of Bank of America dates back to October 17, 1904,[1] when Amadeo Pietro Giannini founded the Bank of Italy in San Francisco. The Bank of Italy served the needs of many immigrants settling in the United States at that time, providing services denied to them by the existing American banks which typically discriminated against them and often denied service to all but the wealthiest.[13] Giannini was raised by his mother and stepfather Lorenzo Scatena, as his father was fatally shot over a pay dispute with an employee.[14] When the 1906 San Francisco earthquake struck, Giannini was able to save all deposits out of the bank building and away from the fires. Because San Francisco's banks were in smoldering ruins and unable to open their vaults, Giannini was able to use the rescued funds to commence lending within a few days of the disaster. From a makeshift desk consisting of a few planks over two barrels, he lent money to those who wished to rebuild.[15][16][17]
In 1922, Giannini established Bank of America and Italy. In 1986, Deutsche Bank AG acquired 100% of Banca d'America e d'Italia, a bank established in Naples in 1917 following the name-change of Banca dell'Italia Meridionale with the latter established in 1918. In 1918 another corporation, Bancitaly Corporation, was organized by A. P. Giannini, the largest stockholder of which was Stockholders Auxiliary Corporation. This company acquired the stocks of various banks located in New York City and certain foreign countries.[18]

In 1928 Giannini merged his bank with Bank of America, Los Angeles, headed by Orra E. Monnette and consolidated it with other bank holdings to create what would become the largest banking institution in the country. Bank of Italy was renamed on November 3, 1930 to Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association, which was the only such designated bank in the United States of America at that time. Giannini and Monnette headed the resulting company, serving as co-chairs.[citation needed]
Expansion in California[edit]
Branch banking was introduced by Giannini shortly after 1909 legislation in California that allowed for branch banking in the state. Its first branch outside San Francisco was established in 1909 in San Jose. By 1929, the bank had 453 banking offices in California with aggregate resources of over US$1.4 billion.[19] There is a replica of the 1909 Bank of Italy branch bank in History Park in San Jose, and the 1925 Bank of Italy Building is an important downtown landmark. Giannini sought to build a national bank, expanding into most of the western states as well as into the insurance industry, under the aegis of his holding company, Transamerica Corporation. In 1953, regulators succeeded in forcing the separation of Transamerica Corporation and Bank of America under the Clayton Antitrust Act.[20] The passage of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 prohibited banks from owning non-banking subsidiaries such as insurance companies. Bank of America and Transamerica were separated, with the latter company continuing in the insurance business. However, federal banking regulators prohibited Bank of America's interstate banking activity, and Bank of America's domestic banks outside California were forced into a separate company that eventually became First Interstate Bancorp, later acquired by Wells Fargo and Company in 1996. It was not until the 1980s with a change in federal banking legislation and regulation that Bank of America was again able to expand its domestic consumer banking activity outside California.
New technologies also allowed credit cards to be linked directly to individual bank accounts. In 1958, the bank introduced the BankAmericard, which changed its name to Visa in 1977.[21] A consortium of other California banks introduced Master Charge (now MasterCard) to compete with BankAmericard.
Expansion outside California[edit]
Following the passage of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, BankAmerica Corporation was established for the purpose of owning and operation of Bank of America and its subsidiaries.
Bank of America expanded outside California in 1983 with its acquisition of Seafirst Corporation of Seattle, Washington, and its wholly owned banking subsidiary, Seattle-First National Bank. Seafirst was at risk of seizure by the federal government after becoming insolvent due to a series of bad loans to the oil industry. BankAmerica continued to operate its new subsidiary as Seafirst rather than Bank of America until the 1998 merger with NationsBank.
BankAmerica experienced huge losses in 1986 and 1987 by the placement of a series of bad loans in the Third World, particularly in Latin America. The company fired its CEO, Sam Armacost. Though Armacost blamed the problems on his predecessor, A.W. (Tom) Clausen, Clausen was appointed to replace Armacost. The losses resulted in a huge decline of BankAmerica stock, making it vulnerable to a hostile takeover. First Interstate Bancorp of Los Angeles (which had originated from banks once owned by BankAmerica), launched such a bid in the fall of 1986, although BankAmerica rebuffed it, mostly by selling operations. It sold its FinanceAmerica subsidiary to Chrysler and the brokerage firm Charles Schwab and Co. back to Mr. Schwab. It also sold Bank of America and Italy to Deutsche Bank. By the time of the 1987 stock market crash, BankAmerica's share price had fallen to $8, but by 1992 it had rebounded mightily to become one of the biggest gainers of that half-decade.




The Bank of America Tower in New York City.


BankAmerica's next big acquisition came in 1992. The company acquired its California rival, Security Pacific Corporation and its subsidiary Security Pacific National Bank in California and other banks in Arizona, Idaho, Oregon, and Washington (which Security Pacific had acquired in a series of acquisitions in the late 1980s). This was, at the time, the largest bank acquisition in history. Federal regulators, however, forced the sale of roughly half of Security Pacific's Washington subsidiary, the former Rainier Bank, as the combination of Seafirst and Security Pacific Washington would have given BankAmerica too large a share of the market in that state. The Washington branches were divided and sold to West One Bancorp (now U.S. Bancorp) and KeyBank.[22] Later that year, BankAmerica expanded into Nevada by acquiring Valley Bank of Nevada.
In 1994, BankAmerica acquired the Continental Illinois National Bank and Trust Co. of Chicago, which had become federally owned as part of the same oil industry debacle emanating from Oklahoma City's Penn Square Bank, that had brought down numerous financial institutions including Seafirst. At the time, no bank possessed the resources to bail out Continental, so the federal government operated the bank for nearly a decade. Illinois at that time regulated branch banking extremely heavily, so Bank of America Illinois was a single-unit bank until the 21st century. BankAmerica moved its national lending department to Chicago in an effort to establish a financial beachhead in the region.




Pyramid-shaped former Bank of America branch building towers over Interstate 410 in San Antonio, Texas.


These mergers helped BankAmerica Corporation to once again become the largest U.S. bank holding company in terms of deposits, but the company fell to second place in 1997 behind North Carolina's fast-growing NationsBank Corporation, and to third in 1998 First Union Corp.
On the capital markets side, the acquisition of Continental Illinois helped BankAmerica to build a leveraged finance origination and distribution business (Continental Illinois had extensive leveraged lending relationships) which allowed the firm's existing broker-dealer, BancAmerica Securities (originally named BA Securities), to become a full-service franchise.[23][24] In addition, in 1997, BankAmerica acquired Robertson Stephens, a San Francisco–based investment bank specializing in high technology for $540 million. Robertson Stephens was integrated into BancAmerica Securities and the combined subsidiary was renamed BancAmerica Robertson Stephens.[25]
Merger of NationsBank and BankAmerica[edit]




Logo of the former Bank of America (BA), 1969–1998


In 1997, Bank of America lent D. E. Shaw & Co., a large hedge fund, $1.4 billion in order to run various businesses for the bank.[26] However, D.E. Shaw suffered significant loss after the 1998 Russia bond default.[27][28] BankAmerica was acquired by NationsBank of Charlotte in October 1998 in what was the largest bank acquisition in history at that time.[29]
While NationsBank was the nominal survivor, the merged bank took the better-known name of Bank of America. Hence, the holding company was renamed Bank of America Corporation, while NationsBank, N.A. merged with Bank of America NT&SA to form Bank of America, N.A. as the remaining legal bank entity. The combined bank still operates under Federal Charter 13044, which was granted to Giannini's Bank of Italy on March 1, 1927. However, the merged company is headquartered in Charlotte and retains NationsBank's pre-1998 stock price history. Additionally, all U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings before 1998 are listed under NationsBank, not Bank of America. NationsBank president, chairman and CEO Hugh McColl took on the same roles with the merged company.
Bank of America possessed combined assets of $570 billion, as well as 4,800 branches in 22 states. Despite the mammoth size of the two companies, federal regulators insisted only upon the divestiture of 13 branches in New Mexico, in towns that would be left with only a single bank following the combination. (Branch divestitures are only required if the combined company will have a larger than 25% Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) deposit market share in a particular state or 10% deposit market share overall.) In addition, the combined broker-dealer, created from the integration of BancAmerica Robertson Stephens and NationsBanc Montgomery Securities, was named Banc of America Securities in 1998.[30]
2001 to present[edit]




Typical Bank of America local office in Los Angeles


In 2001, McColl stepped down and named Ken Lewis as his successor.
In 2004, Bank of America announced it would purchase Boston-based bank FleetBoston Financial for $47 billion in cash and stock.[31] By merging with Bank of America, all of its banks and branches were given the Bank of America logo. At the time of merger, FleetBoston was the seventh largest bank in United States with $197 billion in assets, over 20 million customers and revenue of $12 billion.[31] Hundreds of FleetBoston workers lost their jobs or were demoted, according to The Boston Globe.
On June 30, 2005, Bank of America announced it would purchase credit card giant MBNA for $35 billion in cash and stock. The Federal Reserve Board gave final approval to the merger on December 15, 2005, and the merger closed on January 1, 2006. The acquisition of MBNA provided Bank of America a leading domestic and foreign credit card issuer. The combined Bank of America Card Services organization, including the former MBNA, had more than 40 million U.S. accounts and nearly $140 billion in outstanding balances. Under Bank of America the operation was renamed FIA Card Services.




Bank of America footprint


Bank of America operated under the name BankBoston in many other Latin American countries, including Brazil. In 2006, Bank of America sold BankBoston's operations to Brazilian bank Banco Itaú, in exchange for Itaú shares. The BankBoston name and trademarks were not part of the transaction and, as part of the sale agreement, cannot be used by Bank of America (ending the BankBoston brand).
In May 2006, Bank of America and Banco Itaú (Investimentos Itaú S.A.) entered into an acquisition agreement through which Itaú agreed to acquire BankBoston's operations in Brazil and was granted an exclusive right to purchase Bank of America's operations in Chile and Uruguay. The deal was signed in August 2006 under which Itaú agreed to purchase Bank of America's operations in Chile and Uruguay. Prior to the transaction, BankBoston's Brazilian operations included asset management, private banking, a credit card portfolio, and small, middle-market, and large corporate segments. It had 66 branches and 203,000 clients in Brazil. BankBoston in Chile had 44 branches and 58,000 clients and in Uruguay it had 15 branches. In addition, there was a credit card company, OCA, in Uruguay, which had 23 branches. BankBoston N.A. in Uruguay, together with OCA, jointly served 372,000 clients. While the BankBoston name and trademarks were not part of the transaction, as part of the sale agreement, they cannot be used by Bank of America in Brazil, Chile or Uruguay following the transactions. Hence, the BankBoston name has disappeared from Brazil, Chile and Uruguay. The Itaú stock received by Bank of America in the transactions has allowed Bank of America's stake in Itaú to reach 11.51%. Banco de Boston de Brazil had been founded in 1947.
On November 20, 2006, Bank of America announced the purchase of The United States Trust Company for $3.3 billion, from the Charles Schwab Corporation. US Trust had about $100 billion of assets under management and over 150 years of experience. The deal closed July 1, 2007.[32]
On September 14, 2007, Bank of America won approval from the Federal Reserve to acquire LaSalle Bank Corporation from ABN AMRO for $21 billion. With this purchase, Bank of America possessed $1.7 trillion in assets. A Dutch court blocked the sale until it was later approved in July. The acquisition was completed on October 1, 2007. Many of LaSalle's branches and offices had already taken over smaller regional banks within the previous decade, such as Lansing and Detroit based Michigan National Bank.
The deal increased Bank of America's presence in Illinois, Michigan, and Indiana by 411 branches, 17,000 commercial bank clients, 1.4 million retail customers, and 1,500 ATMs. Bank of America became the largest bank in the Chicago market with 197 offices and 14% of the deposit share, surpassing JPMorgan Chase.
LaSalle Bank and LaSalle Bank Midwest branches adopted the Bank of America name on May 5, 2008.[33]
Ken Lewis, who had lost the title of Chairman of the Board, announced that he would retire as CEO effective December 31, 2009, in part due to controversy and legal investigations concerning the purchase of Merrill Lynch. Brian Moynihan became President and CEO effective January 1, 2010, and afterward credit card charge offs and delinquencies declined in January. Bank of America also repaid the $45 billion it had received from the Troubled Assets Relief Program.[34][35]
Acquisition of Countrywide Financial[edit]
On August 23, 2007, the company announced a $2 billion repurchase agreement for Countrywide Financial. This purchase of preferred stock was arranged to provide a return on investment of 7.25% per annum and provided the option to purchase common stock at a price of $18 per share.[36]
On January 11, 2008, Bank of America announced that it would buy Countrywide Financial for $4.1 billion.[37] In March 2008, it was reported that the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) was investigating Countrywide for possible fraud relating to home loans and mortgages.[38] This news did not hinder the acquisition, which was completed in July 2008,[39] giving the bank a substantial market share of the mortgage business, and access to Countrywide's resources for servicing mortgages.[40] The acquisition was seen as preventing a potential bankruptcy for Countrywide. Countrywide, however, denied that it was close to bankruptcy. Countrywide provided mortgage servicing for nine million mortgages valued at $1.4 trillion as of December 31, 2007.[41]
This purchase made Bank of America Corporation the leading mortgage originator and servicer in the U.S., controlling 20–25% of the home loan market.[42] The deal was structured to merge Countrywide with the Red Oak Merger Corporation, which Bank of America created as an independent subsidiary. It has been suggested that the deal was structured this way to prevent a potential bankruptcy stemming from large losses in Countrywide hurting the parent organization by keeping Countrywide bankruptcy remote.[43] Countrywide Financial has changed its name to Bank of America Home Loans.
 In December 2011, the Justice Department announced a $335 million settlement with Bank of America over discriminatory lending practice at Countrywide Financial. Attorney General Eric Holder said a federal probe found discrimination against qualified African-American and Latino borrowers from 2004 to 2008. He said that minority borrowers who qualified for prime loans were steered into higher-interest-rate subprime loans.[44]
Acquisition of Merrill Lynch[edit]
On September 14, 2008, Bank of America announced its intention to purchase Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. in an all-stock deal worth approximately $50 billion. Merrill Lynch was at the time within days of collapse, and the acquisition effectively saved Merrill from bankruptcy.[45] Around the same time Bank of America was reportedly also in talks to purchase Lehman Brothers, however a lack of government guarantees caused the bank to abandon talks with Lehman.[46] Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy the same day Bank of America announced its plans to acquire Merrill Lynch.[47] This acquisition made Bank of America the largest financial services company in the world.[48] Temasek Holdings, the largest shareholder of Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc., briefly became one of the largest shareholders of Bank of America,[49] with a 3% stake. However, taking a loss Reuters estimated at $3 billion, the Singapore sovereign wealth fund sold its whole stake in Bank of America in the first quarter of 2009.[50]
Shareholders of both companies approved the acquisition on December 5, 2008, and the deal closed January 1, 2009.[51] Bank of America had planned to retain various members of the then Merrill Lynch's CEO, John Thain's management team after the merger.[52] However, after Thain was removed from his position, most of his allies left. The departure of Nelson Chai, who had been named Asia-Pacific president, left just one of Thain's hires in place: Tom Montag, head of sales and trading.[53]
The bank, in its January 16, 2009 earnings release, revealed massive losses at Merrill Lynch in the fourth quarter, which necessitated an infusion of money that had previously been negotiated[54] with the government as part of the government-persuaded deal for the bank to acquire Merrill. Merrill recorded an operating loss of $21.5 billion in the quarter, mainly in its sales and trading operations, led by Tom Montag. The bank also disclosed it tried to abandon the deal in December after the extent of Merrill's trading losses surfaced, but was compelled to complete the merger by the U.S. government. The bank's stock price sank to $7.18, its lowest level in 17 years, after announcing earnings and the Merrill mishap. The market capitalization of Bank of America, including Merrill Lynch, was then $45 billion, less than the $50 billion it offered for Merrill just four months earlier, and down $108 billion from the merger announcement.
Bank of America CEO Kenneth Lewis testified before Congress[6] that he had some misgivings about the acquisition of Merrill Lynch, and that federal officials pressured him to proceed with the deal or face losing his job and endangering the bank's relationship with federal regulators.[55]
Lewis' statement is backed up by internal emails subpoenaed by Republican lawmakers on the House Oversight Committee.[56] In one of the emails, Richmond Federal Reserve President Jeffrey Lacker threatened that if the acquisition did not go through, and later Bank of America were forced to request federal assistance, the management of Bank of America would be "gone". Other emails, read by Congressman Dennis Kucinich during the course of Lewis' testimony, state that Mr. Lewis had foreseen the outrage from his shareholders that the purchase of Merrill would cause, and asked government regulators to issue a letter stating that the government had ordered him to complete the deal to acquire Merrill. Lewis, for his part, states he didn't recall requesting such a letter.
The acquisition made Bank of America the number one underwriter of global high-yield debt, the third largest underwriter of global equity and the ninth largest adviser on global mergers and acquisitions.[57] As the credit crisis eased, losses at Merrill Lynch subsided, and the subsidiary generated $3.7 billion of Bank of America's $4.2 billion in profit by the end of quarter one in 2009, and over 25% in quarter 3 2009.[58][59]
On September 28, 2012, Bank of America settled the class action lawsuit over the Merrill Lynch acquisition and will pay $2.43 billion.[60] This was one of the first major securities class action lawsuits stemming from the financial crisis of 2007-2008 to settle. Many major financial institutions had a stake in this lawsuit, including Chicago Clearing Corporation, hedge funds, and bank trusts, due to the belief that Bank of America stock was a sure investment.
Federal Troubled Asset Relief Program[edit]
Bank of America received $20 billion in the federal bailout from the U.S. government through the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) on January 16, 2009, and a guarantee of $118 billion in potential losses at the company.[61] This was in addition to the $25 billion given to them in the fall of 2008 through TARP. The additional payment was part of a deal with the U.S. government to preserve Bank of America's merger with the troubled investment firm Merrill Lynch.[62] Since then, members of the U.S. Congress have expressed considerable concern about how this money has been spent, especially since some of the recipients have been accused of misusing the bailout money.[63] Then CEO Ken Lewis was quoted as claiming "We are still lending, and we are lending far more because of the TARP program." Members of the U.S. House of Representatives, however, were skeptical and quoted many anecdotes about loan applicants (particularly small business owners) being denied loans and credit card holders facing stiffer terms on the debt in their card accounts.
According to a March 15, 2009, article in The New York Times, Bank of America received an additional $5.2 billion in government bailout money, channeled through American International Group.[64]
As a result of its federal bailout and management problems, The Wall Street Journal reported that the Bank of America was operating under a secret "memorandum of understanding" (MOU) from the U.S. government that requires it to "overhaul its board and address perceived problems with risk and liquidity management". With the federal action, the institution has taken several steps, including arranging for six of its directors to resign and forming a Regulatory Impact Office. Bank of America faces several deadlines in July and August and if not met, could face harsher penalties by federal regulators. Bank of America did not respond to The Wall Street Journal story.[65]
On December 2, 2009, Bank of America announced it would repay the entire $45 billion it received in TARP and exit the program, using $26.2 billion of excess liquidity along with $18.6 billion to be gained in "common equivalent securities" (Tier 1 capital). The bank announced it had completed the repayment on December 9. Bank of America's Ken Lewis said during the announcement, "We appreciate the critical role that the U.S. government played last fall in helping to stabilize financial markets, and we are pleased to be able to fully repay the investment, with interest.... As America's largest bank, we have a responsibility to make good on the taxpayers' investment, and our record shows that we have been able to fulfill that commitment while continuing to lend."[66][67]
Bonus settlement[edit]
On August 3, 2009, Bank of America agreed to pay a $33 million fine, without admission or denial of charges, to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) over the non-disclosure of an agreement to pay up to $5.8 billion of bonuses at Merrill. The bank approved the bonuses before the merger but did not disclose them to its shareholders when the shareholders were considering approving the Merrill acquisition, in December 2008. The issue was originally investigated by New York State Attorney General Andrew Cuomo, who commented after the suit and announced settlement that "the timing of the bonuses, as well as the disclosures relating to them, constituted a 'surprising fit of corporate irresponsibility'" and "our investigation of these and other matters pursuant to New York's Martin Act will continue." Congressman Kucinich commented at the same time that "This may not be the last fine that Bank of America pays for how it handled its merger of Merrill Lynch."[68] A federal judge, Jed Rakoff, in an unusual action, refused to approve the settlement on August 5.[69] A first hearing before the judge on August 10 was at times heated, and he was "sharply critic[al]" of the bonuses. David Rosenfeld represented the SEC, and Lewis J. Liman, son of Arthur L. Liman, represented the bank. The actual amount of bonuses paid was $3.6 billion, of which $850 million was "guaranteed" and the rest was shared amongst 39,000 workers who received average payments of $91,000; 696 people received more than $1 million in bonuses; at least one person received a more than $33 million bonus.[70]
On September 14, the judge rejected the settlement and told the parties to prepare for trial to begin no later than February 1, 2010. The judge focused much of his criticism on the fact that the fine in the case would be paid by the bank's shareholders, who were the ones that were supposed to have been injured by the lack of disclosure. He wrote, "It is quite something else for the very management that is accused of having lied to its shareholders to determine how much of those victims’ money should be used to make the case against the management go away," ... "The proposed settlement," the judge continued, "suggests a rather cynical relationship between the parties: the S.E.C. gets to claim that it is exposing wrongdoing on the part of the Bank of America in a high-profile merger; the bank's management gets to claim that they have been coerced into an onerous settlement by overzealous regulators. And all this is done at the expense, not only of the shareholders, but also of the truth."[71]
While ultimately deferring to the SEC, in February 2010, Judge Rakoff approved a revised settlement with a $150 million fine "reluctantly", calling the accord "half-baked justice at best" and "inadequate and misguided". Addressing one of the concerns he raised in September, the fine will be "distributed only to Bank of America shareholders harmed by the non-disclosures, or 'legacy shareholders', an improvement on the prior $33 million while still "paltry", according to the judge. Case: SEC v. Bank of America Corp., 09-cv-06829, United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.[72]
Investigations also were held on this issue in the United States House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform,[71] under chairman Edolphus Towns (D-NY)[73] and in its investigative Domestic Policy Subcommittee under Kucinich.[74]
Fraud[edit]
In 2010, the bank was accused by the U.S. government of defrauding schools, hospitals, and dozens of state and local government organizations via misconduct and illegal activities involving the investment of proceeds from municipal bond sales. As a result, the bank agreed to pay $137.7 million, including $25 million to the Internal Revenue service and $4.5 million to state attorney general, to the affected organizations to settle the allegations.[75]
Former bank official Douglas Campbell pleaded guilty to antitrust, conspiracy and wire fraud charges. As of January 2011, other bankers and brokers are under indictment or investigation.[76]
On October 24, 2012, the top federal prosecutor in Manhattan filed a lawsuit alleging that Bank of America fraudulently cost American taxpayers more than $1 billion when Countrywide Financial sold toxic mortgages to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. The scheme was called 'Hustle', or High Speed Swim Lane.[77][78] On May 23, 2016 the Second U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the finding of fact by the jury that low quality mortgages were supplied by Countrywide to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac in the "Hustle" case supported only "intentional breach of contract," not fraud. The action, for civil fraud, relied on provisions of the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act. The decision turned on lack of intent to defraud at the time the contract to supply mortgages was made.[79]
Downsizing (2011 to 2014)[edit]
During 2011, Bank of America began conducting personnel reductions of an estimated 36,000 people, contributing to intended savings of $5 billion per year by 2014.[80]
In December 2011, Forbes ranked Bank of America's financial health 91st out of the nation's largest 100 banks and thrift institutions.[81]
Bank of America cut around 16,000 jobs in a quicker fashion by the end of 2012 as revenue continued to decline because of new regulations and a slow economy. This put a plan one year ahead of time to eliminate 30,000 jobs under a cost-cutting program, called Project New BAC.[82] In the first quarter of 2014 Berkshire bank purchased 20 Bank of America branches in Central and eastern New York for 14.4 million dollars. The branches were from Utica/Rome region and down the Mohawk Valley east to the capital region.
In April and May 2014, Bank of America sold two dozen branches in Michigan to Huntington Bancshares. The locations were converted to Huntington National Bank branches in September.[83]
As part of its new strategy Bank of America is focused on growing its mobile banking platform. As of 2014, Bank of America has 31 million active online users and 16 million mobile users. Its retail banking branches have decreased to 4,900 as a result of increased mobile banking use and a decline in customer branch visits.
Sale of stake in China Construction Bank[edit]
In 2005, Bank of America acquired a 9% stake in China Construction Bank, one of the Big Four banks in China, for $3 billion.[84] It represented the company's largest foray into China's growing banking sector. Bank of America has offices in Hong Kong, Shanghai, and Guangzhou and was looking to greatly expand its Chinese business as a result of this deal. In 2008, Bank of America was awarded Project Finance Deal of the Year at the 2008 ALB Hong Kong Law Awards.[85] In November 2011, Bank of America announced plans to divest most of its stake in the China Construction Bank.[86]
In September 2013, Bank of America sold its remaining stake in the China Construction Bank for as much as $1.5 billion, marking the firm's full exit from the country.[87]
$17 billion settlement with Justice Department[edit]
In August 2014, Bank of America agreed to a near-$17 billion deal to settle claims against it relating to the sale of toxic mortgage-linked securities including subprime home loans, in what was believed to be the largest settlement in U.S. corporate history. The bank agreed with the U.S. Justice Department to pay $9.65 billion in fines, and $7 billion in relief to the victims of the faulty loans which included homeowners, borrowers, pension funds and municipalities.[88] Real estate economist Jed Kolko said the settlement is a "drop in the bucket" compared to the $700 billion in damages done to 11 million homeowners. Since the settlement covered such a substantial portion of the market, he said for most consumers "you're out of luck."[89]
Much of the government's prosecution was based on information provided by three whistleblowers - Shareef Abdou (a senior vice president at the bank), Robert Madsen (a professional appraiser employed by a bank subsidiary) and Edward O'Donnell (a Fannie Mae official). The three men received $170 million in whistleblower awards.[90]
DOD Community Bank[edit]




DOD Community Bank logo.


Bank of America has formed a partnership with the United States Department of Defense creating a newly chartered bank DOD Community Bank[91] ("Community Bank") providing full banking services to military personnel at 68 branches and ATM locations[92] on U.S. military installations in Guantanamo Bay Naval Base Cuba, Diego Garcia, Germany, Japan, Italy, Kwajalein Atoll, South Korea, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. It should be noted that even though Bank of America operates Community Bank customer services are not interchangeable between the two financial institutions,[93] meaning a Community Bank customer cannot go to a Bank of America branch and withdraw from their account and vice versa. Deposits made into checking and savings accounts are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250,000 despite the fact that none of Community's operating branches are located within the jurisdictional borders of the United States.
Introduction of Erica[edit]
At the Money 20/20 conference in October 2016, retail banking president Thong Nguyen introduced a digital assistant called Erica, whose name comes from the bank name. Starting in 2017, customers will be able to use voice or text to communicate with Erica and get advice, check balances and pay bills. Unlike the people who work for the bank, Erica will be available 24/7. Digital banking head Michelle Moore said the technology was designed to help customers do a better job of managing money.
Forrester analyst Peter Wannemacher says bank customer experiences with the technology have been "uneven or poor," but Bank of America intends to adapt Erica as needed.
Operations[edit]




Bank of America branch in Washington, D.C.


Bank of America generates 90% of its revenues in its domestic market. The core of Bank of America's strategy is to be the number one bank in its domestic market. It has achieved this through key acquisitions.[94]
Consumer Banking[edit]
Consumer Banking, the largest division in the company, provides financial services to consumers and small businesses including, banking, investments and lending products including business loans, mortgages, and credit cards. It provides for investing online through its electronic trading platform, Merrill Edge. The consumer banking division represented 38% of the company's total revenue in 2016.[3] The company earns revenue from interest income, service charges, and fees. The company is also a mortgage servicer. It competes primarily with the retail banking arms of America's three other megabanks: Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo. The Consumer Banking organization includes over 4,600 retail financial centers and approximately 15,900 automated teller machines.
Bank of America is a member of the Global ATM Alliance, a joint venture of several major international banks that provides for reduced fees for consumers using their ATM card or check card at another bank within the Global ATM Alliance when traveling internationally. This feature is restricted to withdrawals using a debit card and users are still subject to foreign currency conversion fees, credit card withdrawals are still subject to cash advance fees and foreign currency conversion fees.
Global Banking[edit]




Bank of America Tower, located on Laura Street in Jacksonville, Florida


The Global Banking division provides banking services, including investment banking and lending products to businesses. It includes the businesses of Global Corporate Banking, Global Commercial Banking, Business Banking, and Global Investment Banking. The division represented 22% of the company's revenue in 2016.[3]
Before Bank of America's acquisition of Merrill Lynch, the Global Corporate and Investment Banking (GCIB) business operated as Banc of America Securities LLC. The bank's investment banking activities operate under the Merrill Lynch subsidiary and provided mergers and acquisitions advisory, underwriting, capital markets, as well as sales & trading in fixed income and equities markets. Its strongest groups include Leveraged Finance, Syndicated Loans, and mortgage-backed securities. It also has one of the largest research teams on Wall Street. Bank of America Merrill Lynch is headquartered in New York City.
Global Wealth and Investment Management[edit]
The Global Wealth and Investment Management (GWIM) division manages investment assets of institutions and individuals. It includes the businesses of Merrill Lynch Global Wealth Management and U.S. Trust and represented 21% of the company's total revenue in 2016.[3] It is among the 10 largest U.S. wealth managers. It has over $2.5 trillion in client balances.[3] GWIM has five primary lines of business: Premier Banking & Investments (including Bank of America Investment Services, Inc.), The Private Bank, Family Wealth Advisors, and Bank of America Specialist.
Global Markets[edit]
The Global Markets division offers services to institutional clients, including trading in financial securities. The division provides research and other services such as market maker and risk management using derivatives. The division represented 19% of the company's total revenues in 2016.[3]
Offices[edit]
The Bank of America headquarters for its operations is in the Bank of America Tower, New York City, which opened in 2009. The skyscraper is located on 42nd Street and Avenue of the Americas, at Bryant Park, and features state-of-the-art, environmentally friendly technology throughout its 2.1 million square feet (195,096 m²) of office space. The building is the headquarters for the company's investment banking division, and also hosts most of Bank of America's New York–based staff.
In 2012, Bank of America cut ties to the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC).[95]
International offices[edit]
Bank of America's Global Corporate and Investment Banking has its U.S. headquarters in New York, European headquarters in London, and Asian headquarters in Hong Kong.[96]
Charitable efforts[edit]




Bank of America volunteers at the Los Angeles LGBT pride parade in 2011


In 2007, the bank offered employees a $3,000 rebate for the purchase of hybrid vehicles. The company also provided a $1,000 rebate or a lower interest rate for customers whose homes qualified as energy efficient.[97] In 2007, Bank of America partnered with Brighter Planet to offer an eco-friendly credit card, and later a debit card, which help build renewable energy projects with each purchase.[98] In 2010, the bank completed construction of the 1 Bank of America Center in Charlotte center city. The tower, and accompanying hotel, is a LEED-certified building.[99]
Bank of America has also donated money to help health centers in Massachusetts[100] and made a $1 million donation in 2007 to help homeless shelters in Miami.[101]
In 1998, the bank made a ten-year commitment of $350 billion to provide affordable mortgage, build affordable housing, support small business and create jobs in disadvantaged neighborhoods.[102]
In 2004, the bank pledged $750 billion over a ten-year period for community development lending and affordable housing programs.[103]
Lawsuits[edit]
In August 2011, Bank of America was sued for $10 billion by American International Group. Another lawsuit filed in September 2011 pertained to $57.5 billion in mortgage-backed securities Bank of America sold to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.[104] That December, Bank of America agreed to pay $335 million to settle a federal government claim that Countrywide Financial had discriminated against Hispanic and African-American homebuyers from 2004 to 2008, prior to being acquired by BofA.[105] In September 2012, BofA settled out of court for $2.4 billion in a class action lawsuit filed by BofA shareholders who felt they were misled about the purchase of Merrill Lynch.
On February 9, 2012, it was announced that the five largest mortgage servicers (Ally/GMAC, Bank of America, Citi, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo) agreed to a historic settlement with the federal government and 49 states.[106] The settlement, known as the National Mortgage Settlement (NMS), required the servicers to provide about $26 billion in relief to distressed homeowners and in direct payments to the states and federal government. This settlement amount makes the NMS the second largest civil settlement in U.S. history, only trailing the Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement.[107] The five banks were also required to comply with 305 new mortgage servicing standards. Oklahoma held out and agreed to settle with the banks separately.
On October 24, 2012, American federal prosecutors filed a $1 billion civil lawsuit against Bank of America for mortgage fraud under the False Claims Act, which provides for possible penalties of triple the damages suffered. The government asserted that Countrywide, which was acquired by Bank of America, rubber-stamped mortgage loans to risky borrowers and forced taxpayers to guarantee billions of bad loans through Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. The suit was filed by Preet Bharara, the United States attorney in Manhattan, the inspector general of FHFA and the special inspector for the Troubled Asset Relief Program.[108] In March 2014, Bank of America settled the suit by agreeing to pay $6.3 billion to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and to buy back around $3.2 billion worth of mortgage bonds.[109]
In April 2014, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) ordered Bank of America to provide and estimated $727 million in relief to consumers harmed by practices related to credit card add-on products. According to the Bureau, roughly 1.4 million customers were affected by deceptive marketing of add-on products and 1.9 million customers were illegally charged for credit monitoring and reporting services they were not receiving. The deceptive marketing misconduct involved telemarketing scripts containing misstatements and off-script sales pitches made by telemarketers that were misleading and omitted pertinent information. The unfair billing practices involved billing customers for privacy related products without having the authorization necessary to perform the credit monitoring and credit report retrieval services. As a result, the company billed customers for services they did not receive, unfairly charged consumers for interest and fees, illegally charged approximately 1.9 million accounts, and failed to provide the product benefit.[110]
A $7.5 million settlement was reached in April 2014 with former chief financial officer for Bank of America, Joe L. Price, over allegations that the bank's management withheld material information related to its 2008 merger with Merrill Lynch.[111] In August 2014, the United States Department of Justice and the bank agreed to a $16.65 billion agreement over the sale of risky, mortgage-backed securities before the Great Recession; the loans behind the securities were transferred to the company when it acquired banks such as Merrill Lynch and Countrywide in 2008.[112] As a whole, the three firms provided $965 billion of mortgage-backed securities from 2004–2008.[113] The settlement was structured to give $7 billion in consumer relief and $9.65 billion in penalty payments to the federal government and state governments; California, for instance, received $300 million to recompense public pension funds.[112][114] The settlement was the largest in United States history between a single company and the federal government.[115][116]
Controversies[edit]
Parmalat controversy[edit]
Parmalat SpA is a multinational Italian dairy and food corporation. Following Parmalat's 2003 bankruptcy, the company sued Bank of America for $10 billion, alleging the bank profited from its knowledge of Parmalat's financial difficulties. The parties announced a settlement in July 2009, resulting in Bank of America paying Parmalat $98.5 million in October 2009.[117][118] In a related case, on April 18, 2011, an Italian court acquitted Bank of America and three other large banks, along with their employees, of charges they assisted Parmalat in concealing its fraud, and of lacking sufficient internal controls to prevent such frauds. Prosecutors did not immediately say whether they would appeal the rulings. In Parma, the banks were still charged with covering up the fraud.[119]
Consumer credit controversies[edit]
In January 2008, Bank of America began notifying some customers without payment problems that their interest rates were more than doubled, up to 28%. The bank was criticized for raising rates on customers in good standing, and for declining to explain why it had done so.[120][121] In September 2009, a Bank of America credit card customer, Ann Minch, posted a video on YouTube criticizing the bank for raising her interest rate. After the video went viral, she was contacted by a Bank of America representative who lowered her rate. The story attracted national attention from television and internet commentators.[122][123][124] More recently, the bank has been criticized for allegedly seizing three properties that were not under their ownership, apparently due to incorrect addresses on their legal documents.[125]
WikiLeaks[edit]
In October 2009, WikiLeaks representative Julian Assange reported that his organization possessed a 5 gigabyte hard drive formerly used by a Bank of America executive and that Wikileaks intended to publish its contents.[126]
In November 2010, Forbes magazine published an interview with Assange in which he stated his intent to publish information which would turn a major U.S. bank "inside out".[127] In response to this announcement, Bank of America stock dropped 3.2%.[128]
In December 2010, Bank of America announced that it would no longer service requests to transfer funds to WikiLeaks,[129] stating that "Bank of America joins in the actions previously announced by MasterCard, PayPal, Visa Europe and others and will not process transactions of any type that we have reason to believe are intended for WikiLeaks... This decision is based upon our reasonable belief that WikiLeaks may be engaged in activities that are, among other things, inconsistent with our internal policies for processing payments."[130]
In late December it was announced that Bank of America had bought up more than 300 Internet domain names in an attempt to preempt bad publicity that might be forthcoming in the anticipated WikiLeaks release. The domain names included as BrianMoynihanBlows.com, BrianMoynihanSucks.com and similar names for other top executives of the bank.[131][132][133][134] Nick Baumann of Mother Jones ridiculed this effort, stating: "If I owned stock in Bank of America, this would not give me confidence that the bank is prepared for whatever Julian Assange is planning to throw at it."[135]
Sometime before August 2011, it is claimed by WikiLeaks that 5 GB of Bank of America leaks was part of the deletion of over 3500 communications by Daniel Domscheit-Berg, a now ex-WikiLeaks volunteer.[136][137]
Anonymous[edit]
On March 14, 2011, one or more members of the decentralized collective Anonymous began releasing emails it said were obtained from Bank of America. According to the group, the emails documented "corruption and fraud", and relate to the issue of improper foreclosures. The source, identified publicly as Brian Penny,[138] was a former LPI Specialist from Balboa Insurance, a firm which used to be owned by the bank, but was sold to Australian Reinsurance Company QBE.[139]
Mortgage business[edit]
The state of Arizona has investigated Bank of America for misleading homeowners who sought to modify their mortgage loans. According to the attorney general of Arizona, the bank "repeatedly has deceived" such mortgagors. In response to the investigation, the bank has given some modifications on the condition that the homeowners refrain from criticizing the bank.[140]
Accounts of Iranians frozen[edit]
In May 2014 many Iranian students in the U.S. and some American-Iranian citizens realized their accounts have been frozen by Bank of America.[141] Although Bank of America denied to reveal any information or reason regarding this, some Iranians believe that it is related to sanctions against Iran.[142] Betty Riess, a spokeswoman for Bank of America, told MintPress News via email, "We do not close accounts on the basis of nationality, nor do we close accounts without notice to customers."[143] However, account holders believe there could be a relationship between this action and their national origin.[144] Although most account holders say they did not receive any notification prior their accounts being frozen, Bank of America insists that they do not freeze any account without prior notification.[145] When it was reported that Bank of America was closing the accounts of Iranians living in the U.S. and Iranian-Americans, there was speculation that the bank did so on the basis of discriminatory ideology, since Bank of America did not give these individuals any reason why their accounts were being closed. The bank responded to these accusations, arguing that it was only following the rules put forth by the U.S. federal government regarding economic relations between the U.S. and Iran.[143]
Investment in mountaintop removal[edit]
Bank of America has been criticized for its heavy investment in the environmentally damaging processes of coal mining, especially through mountaintop removal (MTR).[146] On May 6, 2015, the company announced that it would "reduce [its] credit exposure ... to the coal mining industry," i.e. reduce its financing of companies engaging in MTR, coal mining, and coal power production. The company stated that pressure to divest from universities and environmental groups led to this policy change.[147]
Notable buildings[edit]




Bank of America Plaza, the tallest building in Atlanta






Bank of America Stadium, home to the Carolina Panthers of the NFL


Notable buildings which Bank of America currently occupies include:

Bank of America Tower in Phoenix, Arizona
Bank of America Center in Los Angeles
Transamerica Pyramid, in San Francisco
555 California Street, formerly the Bank of America Center and world headquarters, in San Francisco
Bank of America Plaza in Fort Lauderdale, Florida
Bank of America Tower in Jacksonville, Florida
Bank of America Tower in Miami, Florida
Bank of America Center in Orlando, Florida
Bank of America Tower in St. Petersburg, Florida
Bank of America Plaza in Tampa, Florida
Bank of America Plaza in Atlanta, Georgia
Bank of America Building, formerly the LaSalle Bank Building in Chicago, Illinois
One City Center, often called the Bank of America building due to signage rights, in Portland, Maine
Bank of America Building in Baltimore, Maryland
Bank of America Plaza in St Louis, Missouri
Bank of America Tower in Albuquerque, New Mexico
Bank of America Tower in New York City
Bank of America Corporate Center in Charlotte, North Carolina (the corporate headquarters)
Bank of America Plaza in Charlotte, North Carolina
Bank of America Plaza in Dallas, Texas
Bank of America Center in Houston, Texas
Bank of America Tower in Midland, Texas
Bank of America Plaza in San Antonio, Texas
Bank of America Fifth Avenue Plaza in Seattle, Washington
Columbia Center in Seattle, Washington
Bank of America Tower in Hong Kong
City Place I, also known as United Healthcare Center, in Hartford, Connecticut (the tallest building in Connecticut)
9454 Wilshire Boulevard in Beverly Hills, California

Former buildings[edit]
The Robert B. Atwood Building in Anchorage, Alaska was at one time named the Bank of America Center, renamed in conjunction with the bank's acquisition of building tenant Security Pacific Bank. This particular branch was later acquired by Alaska-based Northrim Bank and moved across the street to the Linny Pacillo Parking Garage.
The Bank of America Building (Providence) was opened in 1928 as the Industrial Trust Building. It was, and is, the tallest building in Rhode Island. Through a number of mergers it was later known as the Industrial National Bank building and the Fleet Bank building. The building was leased by Bank of America from 2004 to 2012 and has been vacant since March 2013. The building is commonly known as the Superman Building based on a popular belief that it was the model for the Daily Planet building in the Superman comic books.
See also[edit]


North Carolina portal
San Francisco Bay Area portal
Companies portal



List of members ATM Industry Association (ATMIA)
BAML Capital Partners
Bank of America (Asia)
Bank of America Canada
Calibuso, et al. v. Bank of America Corp., et al.
List of bank mergers in United States

References[edit]


^ a b "Bank of America". NNDB. Retrieved March 23, 2015. 
^ "Bank of America Corporation". Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved October 21, 2011. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r Bank of America 2016 Form 10-K Annual Report
^ Largest Banks in the United States
^ Forbes - The World’s Biggest Public Companies 2016 RANKING: Bank of America
^ a b Cohan, William D. (September 2009), "An offer he couldn't refuse", The Atlantic
^ Comoreanu, Alina (February 9, 2017). "Bank Market Share by Deposits and Assets". WalletHub. 
^ "Citigroup posts 4th straight loss; Merrill loss widens". USA Today. Associated Press. October 16, 2008. Retrieved December 17, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric (August 23, 2007). "4 Major Banks Tap Fed for Financing". The New York Times. Retrieved December 17, 2009. 
^ B of A has operations (for example, Merrill Lynch offices), but no retail branches in Alabama, Alaska, Hawaii, Louisiana, Mississippi, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, Vermont, West Virginia, Wisconsin, or Wyoming. Bank of America Branches and ATMs Archived July 1, 2014, at the Wayback Machine.. Click "Browse locations by state." © 2014 Bank of America Corporation. Retrieved June 30, 2014.
^ "Bank Of America Corp". Intelligent Investor. Retrieved May 1, 2015. 
^ "Bank of America to Pay $16.65 Billion in Historic Justice Department Settlement for Financial Fraud Leading up to and During the Financial Crisis" (Press release). U.S. Department of Justice. August 21, 2014. 
^ "Who Made America? – Innovators – A.P. Giannini". PBS.org. Archived from the original on January 7, 2010. Retrieved December 17, 2009. 
^ "Amadeo Peter Giannini". Famous Entrepreneurs by Evan Carmichael. Retrieved August 25, 2014. 
^ Nation & World: Ripples from 1906 San Francisco quake felt even today Archived October 29, 2013, at the Wayback Machine.. The Seattle Times. Retrieved on August 25, 2013.
^ Fradkin, Philip L. (2005). The Great Earthquake and Firestorms of 1906: How San Francisco Nearly Destroyed Itself . pp. 97–99. ISBN 978-0-520-23060-6
^ Bank of America - Our Heritage: Loans on a Handshake. About.bankofamerica.com (April 18, 1906). Retrieved on 2013-08-25.
^ In 1918 the Bank of Italy Archived July 18, 2011, at the Wayback Machine. opened a Delegation in New York in order to follow American political, economic and financial affairs more closely; together with the London Delegation, this was the first permanent overseas office opened by the Bank, at a time when the foundations were being laid[by whom?] for the restructuring of the international money market.
^ "Statewide Expansion" pp. 34-38 In: Branch Banking California. Report for the U.S. Federal Reserve System. web version at: PDF version
^ Transamerica Corporation, a corporation of Delaware Archived August 30, 2009, at the Wayback Machine., has petitioned this court to review an order of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System entered against it under Section 11 of the Clayton Act, 15 U.S.C.A. § 21, to enforce compliance with Section 7 of the Act, 15 U.S.C.A. § 18.
^ "The History of Visa". Visa Inc. Archived from the original on November 3, 2007. Retrieved October 29, 2007. 
^ Matassa Flores, Michele (April 2, 1992). "Key Bank, West One Finalize Purchases". Seattle Times. Retrieved September 27, 2008. 
^ BA Securities, Inc. Changes to BancAmerica Securities, Inc.. Business Wire, January 16, 1997
^ BankAmerica Adds 4 Traders To Its High-Yield Bond Sector. American Banker, June 17, 1996
^ BankAmerica to Buy Robertson, Stephens Investment Company. New York Times, June 9, 1997
^ Kolman, Joe (1998). "Inside D. E. Shaw". Derivatives Strategy. Archived from the original on October 22, 2013. Retrieved June 22, 2013. 
^ Mulligan, Thomas S. (October 21, 1998). "BankAmerica's Coulter to Step Down Oct. 30". Los Angeles Times. 
^ Petruno, Tom (October 15, 1998). "Surprise BofA Losses Trigger Plunge in Stock". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved June 22, 2013. 
^ Martin, Mitchell (April 14, 1998). "Nations Bank Drives $62 Billion Merger: A New BankAmerica: Biggest of U.S. Banks". The New York Times. Retrieved June 5, 2014. 
^ Montgomery name disappears, as Banc of America Securities debuts. Investment Dealers' Digest, May 17, 1999
^ a b "US banking mega-merger unveiled". BBC News. October 27, 2003. 
^ "Bank of America To Buy U.S. Trust". Forbes. November 20, 2006. Archived from the original on October 12, 2007. Retrieved August 22, 2007. 
^ Tom, Henderson (April 14, 2008). "BOA to 'paint the town red' with LaSalle name change". Crain's Detroit Business. Crain Communications Inc. Archived from the original on June 5, 2008. Retrieved May 5, 2008. 
^ Fitzpatrick, Dan; Lublin, Joann S. (October 2, 2009). "Bank of America Chief Resigns Under Fire". The Wall Street Journal. Archived from the original on February 11, 2010. Retrieved March 29, 2010. 
^ La Monica, Paul R. (February 24, 2010). "BofA: No longer hated on Wall Street". The Buzz. CNNMoney.com. Archived from the original on February 25, 2010. Retrieved March 29, 2010. 
^ Salas, Caroline; Church, Steven (August 23, 2007). "Countrywide Gives Bank of America $447 million Gain". Bloomberg L.P. Archived from the original on October 9, 2007. Retrieved October 29, 2007. 
^ "Bank of America to buy Countrywide for $4 billion". Reuters (via Yahoo! News). January 11, 2008. Retrieved January 11, 2008. [dead link]
^ "Countrywide FBI Investigation". CNNMoney.com. March 10, 2008. Archived from the original on March 9, 2008. Retrieved March 10, 2008. 
^ Arena, Kelli (September 24, 2008), "FBI probing bailout firms", CNNMoney.com. Retrieved March 8, 2010.
^ Bauerlein, Valerie; Hagerty, James S. (January 12, 2008). "Behind Bank of America's Big Gamble". The Wall Street Journal. pp. A1, A5. Archived from the original on January 15, 2008. Retrieved January 15, 2008. 
^ "Countrywide Financial Corporation Thirteen Month Statistical Data for the period ended December 31, 2007". Archived from the original on January 13, 2008. Retrieved January 15, 2008. 
^ "BofA completes deal for Countrywide Financial". Associated Press. July 1, 2008. Archived from the original on August 4, 2008. Retrieved July 2, 2008. 
^ "Bank of America May Not Guarantee Countrywide's Debt". Bloomberg News. May 2, 2008. Archived from the original on January 22, 2009. Retrieved August 3, 2008. 
^ Isidore, Chris (December 21, 2011). "BofA settles unfair lending claims for $335 million". CNN. 
^ Zach Lowe (September 15, 2008). "Wachtell, Shearman, Cravath on Bank of America-Merrill Deal". Law.com. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ Popper, Margaret (September 14, 2008). "Bank of America Said to Walk Away From Lehman Talks (Update1)". Bloomberg. Archived from the original on June 13, 2010. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ Sorkin, Andrew Ross (September 15, 2008). "Lehman Files for Bankruptcy; Merrill Is Sold". The New York Times. Retrieved March 31, 2010. 
^ "Lehman Brothers files for Bankruptcy". BBC News. September 16, 2008. Archived from the original on January 22, 2009. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "AFP: Temasek could profit on Merrill takeover: economists". Google. September 15, 2008. Archived from the original on May 8, 2009. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ Lim, Kevin & Azhar, Saeed (May 22, 2009), "Singapore's Temasek defends costly Bank of America exit", Reuters, retrieved August 3, 2009
^ "Bank of America Completes Merrill Lynch Purchase". prnewswire.com for Bank of America. January 1, 2009. Archived from the original on February 15, 2009. 
^ Keoun, Bradley; Trowbridge, Poppy (December 18, 2008), "Bank of America Moves Chai; Berkery Said to Depart", Bloomberg L.P., archived from the original on October 14, 2007, retrieved November 17, 2009 
^ Farrell, Greg; Guerrera, Francesco (February 3, 2009), "BofA Asia head and Thain ally leaves", Financial Times, retrieved November 17, 2009 
^ Dash, Eric; Story, Louise (January 16, 2009). "Bank of America to Receive Additional $20 billion". The New York Times. Retrieved April 26, 2010. 
^ LOUISE STORY and JO BECKER (June 11, 2009). "Bank Chief Tells of U.S. Pressure to Buy Merrill Lynch". New York Times. Retrieved June 13, 2009. [dead link]
^ BARBARA BARRETT (June 10, 2009). "BofA documents, e-mails show pressure to buy Merrill Lynch". Miami Herald. Retrieved June 13, 2009. [dead link]
^ "Bank of America Buys Merrill Lynch Creating Unique Financial Services Firm" (Press release). Bank of America. September 15, 2008. [dead link]
^ "Debt overshadows US bank's profit". BBC News. April 20, 2009. Retrieved March 31, 2010. 
^ Mildenberg, David (October 5, 2009). "Merrill Bringing Down Lewis Gives Bank 30% Profits as 'a Steal'". Bloomberg. Archived from the original on May 25, 2010. Retrieved December 12, 2009. 
^ https://dealbook.nytimes.com/2012/09/28/bank-of-america-to-pay-2-43-billion-to-settle-class-action-over-merrill-deal/?_r=0
^ Patrick Rucker & Jonathan Stempel (January 16, 2009). "Bank of America gets big government bailout". Reuters. CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ Giannone, Joseph A. (February 5, 2009). "U.S. pushed Bank of America to complete Merrill buy: report". Reuters. Archived from the original on February 8, 2009. 
^ Ellis, David (February 11, 2009). "Bank CEOs flogged in Washington". CNNMoney.com. Retrieved March 31, 2010. 
^ Walsh, Mary Williams (March 15, 2009), "A.I.G. Lists Firms It Paid With Taxpayer Money", The New York Times. Retrieved March 31, 2009.
^ "US Regulators to B of A: Obey or Else", The Wall Street Journal, July 16, 2009
^ Bank of America to Repay Entire $45 billion in TARP to U.S. Taxpayers, PR Newswire, December 2, 2009
^ "Bank of America Completes US TARP Repayment". October 12, 2009. Archived from the original on May 23, 2012. Retrieved December 12, 2009. 
^ Kouwe, Zachery (August 3, 2009), "BofA Settles S.E.C. Suit Over Merrill Deal" DealBook blog, The New York Times, Retrieved August 3, 2009.
^ "Judge blocks Bank of America-SEC bonus settlement" by Jonathan Stempel, Reuters, 8/6/09. Retrieved 8/7/09.
^ Story, Louise (August 10, 2009), "Judge Attacks Merrill Pre-Merger Bonuses", The New York Times, (p. B1, August 11, 2009 NY ed.), retrieved August 11, 2009
^ a b "Judge Rejects Settlement Over Merrill Bonuses" by Louise Story, The New York Times, September 14, 2009. Retrieved September 14, 2009.
^ Glovin, David (February 22, 2010), "Bank of America $150 million SEC Accord Is Approved", Bloomberg.com, retrieved March 2, 2010
^ "Executive Compensation: How Much is Too Much?" Hearing, with statements, October 28, 2009. Retrieved October 30, 2011.
^ "Kucinich on new NY AG fraud charges against Bank of America and SEC settling charges against BofA for misleading shareholders" Press release, February 4, 2010. Retrieved March 2, 2010.
^ , "BoA fined $137 million for fraud", Washington Post, December 8, 2010
^ Selway, William, & Braun, Martin Z. (January 2011), "The Men who Rigged the Muni Market", Bloomberg Markets, pp. 79–84
^ "U.S. Sues Bank Of America Over Mortgage Loans To Fannie And Freddie". npr. October 24, 2012. 
^ "U.S. Accuses Bank of America of a ‘Brazen’ Mortgage Fraud". The New York Times/Dealbook. October 24, 2012.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Aruna Viswanatha and Christina Rexrode (May 23, 2016). "Bank of America Penalty Thrown Out in Crisis-Era ‘Hustle’ Case Appeals court says government didn’t prove case, bank doesn’t have to pay $1.27 billion". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved May 24, 2016. 
^ "Bank of America ending 30K more jobs". Philadelphia Business Journal. American City Business Journals. September 13, 2011. Archived from the original on September 15, 2011. Retrieved September 15, 2011. 
^ Badenhausen, Kurt (December 13, 2011). "Full List: America's Best And Worst Banks". Forbes.
^ "BofA speeds up plans to cut 16,000 jobs: WSJ". Yahoo News. Retrieved September 21, 2012. 
^ "Huntington Bank buys 13 branches to Flint-area, Monroe, Muskegon in $500 million deal". MLive.com. 
^ "Bank of America invests in China". BBC. June 17, 2005. Retrieved August 22, 2007. 
^ "ALB Asia – legal deals, law deals, law firm deals, lawyer deals". Legalbusinessonline.com.au. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ Son, Hugh; Tong, Stephanie (November 15, 2011). "Bank of America's Construction Bank Sale Lifts Capital, Reduces China Risk". Bloomberg. Retrieved June 10, 2012. 
^ Elzio Barreto, Denny Thomas and Peter Rudegeair (September 3, 2013). "Bank of America selling remaining stake in Chinese bank". Reuters. 
^ "Bank of America to pay nearly $17 bn to settle mortgage claims". Philadelphia Herald. August 21, 2014. Retrieved August 22, 2014. 
^ Meg Handley. "Mortgage Settlement: Do the Big Banks Owe You Money?". US News & World Report. Archived from the original on January 3, 2015. 
^ Mahany, Brian (January 5, 2015). "Whistleblowers Share Over $170M in Bank of America Settlement". MahanyLaw. MahanyLaw. Retrieved November 25, 2015. 
^ Community Bank official website
^ DOD Community Bank Branch and ATM locations
^ Community Bank Frequently Asked Questions
^ "Awards for Excellence 2007 Best Bank: Bank of America". Euromoney. July 13, 2007. Archived from the original on September 21, 2007. 
^ "Whoa! Bank of America cuts ties to ALEC". Teamsters. November 6, 2012. 
^ "Asia Pacific | Global Regions | Bank of America Merrill Lynch". Corp.bankofamerica.com. Archived from the original on July 21, 2009. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "Bank Vows $20 Billion for Green Projects". NBC News. Associated Press. February 6, 2008. 
^ Cui, Carolyn (November 30, 2007). "Credit Cards' Latest Pitch: Green Benefits". Wall Street Journal. 
^ O’Daniel, Adam; Boye, Will (May 10, 2011). "Credit Cards' Latest Pitch: Green Benefits". Charlotte Business Journal. 
^ Kowalczyk, Liz (March 10, 2007). "Bank to aid health centers". Boston Globe. 
^ Freer, Jim (March 9, 2007). "BofA donates $1M to Camillus House". South Florida Business Journal. 
^ "Bank of America Meeting $350 Billion Community Development Goals" (Press release). PRNewswire. June 20, 2002. 
^ "Beyond the Balance Sheet Social Scorecard". Forbes Magazine. December 13, 2004.  line feed character in |title= at position 26 (help)
^ Connelly, Eileen AJ (October 13, 2011). "Fitch may downgrade BofA, Morgan Stanley, Goldman". Seattle Post-Intelligencer. Associated Press. Archived from the original on December 8, 2011. Retrieved October 13, 2011. 
^ Savage, Charlie (December 21, 2011). "Countrywide Will Settle a Bias Suit". The New York Times. Retrieved November 19, 2011. 
^ "Joint State-Federal Mortgage Servicing Settlement FAQ". Retrieved June 15, 2015. 
^ New York Times, Mortgage Plan Gives Billions to Homeowners, but With Exceptions, February 9, 2012
^ Protess, Ben (October 24, 2012). "U.S. Accuses Bank of America of a 'Brazen' Mortgage Fraud". The New York Times. 
^ Son, Hugh (March 26, 2014). "BofA's Moynihan Delivers at Last on Vow to Boost Dividend". Bloomberg.com. Retrieved August 23, 2014. 
^ "CFPB Orders Bank Of America To Pay $727 Million In Consumer Relief For Illegal Credit Card Practices". Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Retrieved 8 June 2016. 
^ Abrams, Rachel (April 25, 2014). "Ex-Finance Chief at Bank of America to Pay $7.5 Million in Settlement". New York Times. Retrieved April 28, 2014. 
^ a b Puzzanghera, Jim (August 21, 2014). "Bank of America to Pay Record $16.65 Billion to Settle Mortgage Claims". Los Angeles Times. Tribune Company. 
^ "Holder to Announce Record Bank of America Settlement". CBS News. August 21, 2014. 
^ Roberts, Deon (August 20, 2014). "Bank of America's Nearly $17 Billion Settlement Could be Announced Thursday". The Charlotte Observer. The McClatchy Company. 
^ Corkery, Michael; Apuzzo, Matt (August 21, 2014). "Bank of America Reaches $16.65 Billion Mortgage Settlement". The New York Times. The New York Times Company. 
^ McCoy, Kevin; Johnson, Kevin (August 21, 2014). "Bank of America Agrees to Nearly $17B Settlement". USA Today. Gannett Company. 
^ "BofA settles with Parmalat for $100M". Charlotte Business Journal. July 28, 2009. Retrieved June 19, 2011. 
^ "Italy/US: Parmalat receives Bank of America settlement". Aroq Ltd. October 5, 2009. Retrieved June 19, 2011. 
^ Sylvers, Eric (April 18, 2011). "Judge Clears Banks in Parmalat Case". The New York Times. Retrieved June 19, 2011. 
^ Berner, Robert (February 7, 2008), A Credit Card You Want to Toss" Archived January 26, 2010, at the Wayback Machine., Bloomberg BusinessWeek. Retrieved March 1, 2010.
^ Palmer, Kimberly (February 28, 2008), Mortgage Woes Boost Credit Card Debt Archived May 5, 2010, at the Wayback Machine., U.S. News & World Report. Retrieved March 1, 2010.
^ Delaney, Arthur (September 21, 2009, updated November 21, 2009), "Ann Minch Triumphs In Credit Card Fight", The Huffington Post. Retrieved March 1, 2010.
^ Ferran, Lee (September 29, 2009), "Woman Boycotts Bank of America, Wins", Good Morning America, ABC News. Retrieved March 1, 2010.
^ Pepitone, Julianne (September 29, 2009), "YouTube credit card rant gets results". Retrieved March 1, 2010.
^ Gomstyn, Alice (January 25, 2010). "No Mortgage, Still Foreclosed? Bank of America Sued for Seizing Wrong Homes". ABC News. Archived from the original on January 28, 2010. Retrieved March 4, 2010. 
^ Nystedt, Dan (October 9, 2009). "Wikileaks plans to make the Web a leakier place". Computerworld. IDG. Archived from the original on December 17, 2010. Retrieved December 19, 2010. 
^ Andy Greenberg (November 29, 2010). "WikiLeaks’ Julian Assange Wants To Spill Your Corporate Secrets". Forbes. Retrieved December 19, 2010. 
^ "Bank Of America Shares Fall On WikiLeaks Fears". NPR. Associated Press. November 30, 2010. Retrieved December 19, 2010. 
^ Lundin, Leigh (February 20, 2011). "WikiLicks". Crime. Orlando: Criminal Brief. 
^ Schwartz, Nelson D. (December 18, 2010). "Bank of America Suspends Payments Made to WikiLeaks". The New York Times. Archived from the original on December 26, 2010. Retrieved December 19, 2010. 
^ "Bank of America Wants You to Know Its Executives Don’t Suck". Domain Name Wire. December 20, 2010. Archived from the original on January 15, 2011. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ Tiku, Nitasha (December 22, 2010). "Bank of America Prepares to Get WikiLeaked by Buying Up Negative Domain Names". New York. Archived from the original on December 28, 2010. Retrieved January 2, 2011. 
^ Kapne, Suzanne (December 23, 2010). "Hundreds of anti-BofA websites registered". Financial Times. Archived from the original on January 1, 2011. Retrieved January 2, 2011. 
^ Rothacker, Rick (December 23, 2010). "Bank of America buys up critical domain names". Charlotte Observer. Archived from the original on December 8, 2011. Retrieved January 2, 2011. 
^ Baumann, Nick (January 4, 2011) Bank of America's WikiLeaks Defense Fail, Mother Jones
^ "We can confirm that the DDB ...". August 21, 2011. 
^ "We can confirm that the DDB". August 21, 2011. 
^ Cynthia Koons, Dan Fitzpatrick (March 15, 2011). "Anonymous' Perplexing Leak of Bank of America Documents". Wall Street Journal. Dow Jones & Company, Inc. Retrieved March 1, 2012. 
^ "QBE Completes Acquisition of Balboa Insurance Co. Portfolio". Reuters. Reuters. June 1, 2011. Retrieved March 1, 2012. 
^ Garofalo, Pat (January 26, 2012). "Bank Of America's Offer To Homeowners: We’ll Modify Loans If You'll Erase All The Mean Things Said About Us On Twitter". ThinkProgress. Retrieved January 26, 2012. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on May 22, 2014. Retrieved 2014-05-21. 
^ "Why Is Bank of America Closing Iranian Students' Accounts? | Ryan Costello". Huffingtonpost.com. May 15, 2014. Retrieved August 23, 2014. 
^ a b Katie Rucke (May 23, 2014). "Are US Sanctions Against Iran Fostering Discriminatory Banking Practices Affecting Iranian-Americans?". Mintpressnews.com. Retrieved August 23, 2014. 
^ "Bank of america closing iranian accounts because they are from Iran". YouTube. May 16, 2014. Retrieved August 23, 2014. 
^ "ايران - BBC فارسی - نگرانی از 'بسته شدن حساب ایرانیان' در یک بانک آمریکایی". Bbc.co.uk. January 1, 1970. Retrieved August 23, 2014. 
^ Zach Carter (May 9, 2012). "CEO Defends Support for Mountaintop Removal Mining". Huffingtonpost.com. Retrieved September 29, 2015. 
^ Valerie Volcovici (May 6, 2015). "Bank of America's new policy to limit credit exposure to coal". businessinsider.com. Retrieved September 29, 2015. 


Further reading[edit]

Cohen, Lauren (2016). Bank of America Interview Tips. Los Angeles, CA: Smith-Westfield Press. 
Bonadio, Felice A. (1994). A.P. Giannini: Banker of America. Berkeley, CA: University of California Press. ISBN 0-520-08249-4. 
Hector, Gary (1988). Breaking the Bank: The Decline of BankAmerica. Boston: Little, Brown. ISBN 0-316-35392-2. 
James, Marquie; James, Bessie (1954). Biography of a Bank: The Story of Bank of America N.T.&S.A. New York: Harper and Brothers. 
Johnston, Moira (1990). Roller Coaster: The Bank of America and the Future of American Banking. New York: Ticknor & Fields. 
Josephson, Matthew (1972). The Money Lords: The Great Finance Capitalists, 1925–1950. New York: Weybright and Talley. 
Lampert, Hope (1986). Behind Closed Doors: Wheeling and Dealing in the Banking World. New York: Atheneum. 
Light, Larry (October 1, 2007). "Money for the Masses". Forbes. 
Monnette, Orra Eugene. Personal Papers Collection. Los Angeles, CA: Los Angeles Public Library. 
Nash, Gerald G. (1992). A.P. Giannini and the Bank of America. Norman, OK: University of Oklahoma Press. 
Yockey, Ross (1999). McColl: The Man with America's Money. Atlanta: Longstreet Press. 
Ahmed, Azam; Demirjian, Karoun (February 15, 2007). "Credit offered to illegal residents". Chicago Tribune. 
Taibbi, Matt (March 14, 2012). "Bank of America: Too Crooked to Fail". Rolling Stone. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Bank of America.



Official website
DOD Community Bank operated by Bank of America official website



Business data for Bank of America Corp: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Bank of America



Divisions



Bank of America Home Loans
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Merrill Lynch
U.S. Trust








Historical components



Banc of America Securities
Bank of America, Los Angeles
Bank of America NT&SA
Bank of Italy
Bank of New England
BankBoston
Barnett Bank
Baybank
Benj. Franklin Savings and Loan
Boatmen's Bancshares
Cassatt & Company
Central Bank and Trust
Citizens & Southern National Bank
Commercial National Bank
Continental Illinois
Countrywide Financial
E.A. Pierce & Co.
Farmers and Merchants Bank of Los Angeles
First Franklin
First Republic Bank Corporation
Fleet Bank
Fourth Financial Corporation
G. H. Walker & Co.
Gibraltar Savings and Loan
LaSalle Bank
Mercury Asset Management
MBNA/Maryland National Bank
Michigan National Bank
Montgomery Securities
NationsBank
North Carolina National Bank
Provident Institution for Savings
Rainier Bancorp
Robertson Stephens
Seafirst Bank
Security Pacific Bank
Shawmut Bank
Standard Federal Bank
Sovran Bank
Summit Bancorp
Suretrade
Western Savings and Loan
White Weld & Co.





Buildings



555 California Street (San Francisco)
701 Brickell Avenue
Albuquerque Plaza
American Security and Trust Company Building (Washington, D.C.)
Bank of America Building (Baltimore)
Bank of America Building (Midland)
Bank of America Building (Oakland)
Bank of America Center (Baltimore)
Bank of America Center (Houston)
Bank of America Center (Los Angeles)
Bank of America Center (Norfolk)
Bank of America Center (Tulsa)
Bank of America Corporate Center (Charlotte)
Bank of America Plaza (Atlanta)
Bank of America Plaza (Charlotte)
Bank of America Plaza (Chicago)
Bank of America Plaza (Dallas)
Bank of America Plaza (Fort Lauderdale)
Bank of America Plaza (St. Louis)
Bank of America Plaza (Tampa)
Bank of America Tower (Jacksonville)
Bank of America Tower (Manhattan)
Bank of America Tower (Phoenix)
Bank of America Tower (St. Petersburg)
Boulder Towers
Hearst Tower (Charlotte)
Miami Tower
Museum Tower








 Category
 Commons










Articles and topics related to Bank of America











v
t
e


Great Recession



By region



Africa
Americas

United States
South America


Asia
Europe
Oceania





United States-specific



Automotive industry crisis
California budget crisis
Housing bubble
Housing market correction
Subprime mortgage crisis





Banking losses and fraud



Anglo Irish Bank hidden loans controversy
Libor scandal

Tom Hayes


Société Générale trading loss
Forex scandal
Seán FitzPatrick
Bernard Madoff
Tom Petters
Scott W. Rothstein
Allen Stanford





Government entities



Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Home Loan Banks
Federal Housing Administration
Federal Housing Finance Agency
Federal Housing Finance Board
Federal Reserve System
Government National Mortgage Association
Irish Bank Resolution Corporation
National Asset Management Agency
Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight
Office of Financial Stability
UK Financial Investments










Government policy and spending responses



Banking and finance
stability and reform



Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Act 2009
Banking (Special Provisions) Act 2008
China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit
Commercial Paper Funding Facility
Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008
Irish emergency budget, 2009
Irish budget, 2010
Irish budget, 2011
Irish budget, 2012
Irish budget, 2013
Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program
Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility
Troubled Asset Relief Program
2008 United Kingdom bank rescue package




Bank stress tests



EU
U.S.








Stimulus and recovery



2008 European Union stimulus plan
2008–09 Keynesian resurgence
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Chinese economic stimulus program
Economic Stimulus Act of 2008
Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009
Green New Deal
Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008
National fiscal policy response to the Great Recession
Zero interest-rate policy





Government interventions,
rescues, and acquisitions



List of banks acquired or bankrupted during the Great Recession




Non-banking



Chrysler
General Motors











Securities involved
and financial markets



Auction rate securities
Collateralized debt obligations
Collateralized mortgage obligations
Credit default swaps
Mortgage-backed securities
Secondary mortgage market





Social responses



Tea Party protests (United States; c. 2009)
May Day protests (Europe, Middle East and North Africa, Asia; 2009)
Occupy movement (worldwide)





Related topics



2000s energy crisis

Central Asia: 2008


Effects on museums
Decline of newspapers
World food price crisis








European debt crisis
Financial crisis of 2007–08
List of countries by public debt












v
t
e


50 largest banks and bank holding companies in the United States






Ally
American Express
Bank of America
Bank of New York Mellon
Barclays*
BB&T
BBVA*
BMO*
BNP Paribas*
Capital One
Charles Schwab
CIT
Citigroup
Citizens
Comerica
Credit Suisse*
Deutsche Bank*
Discover
E-Trade
Fifth Third
Goldman Sachs
HSBC*
Huntington
JPMorgan Chase
KeyBank
M&T
Mizuho*
Morgan Stanley
MUFG Union Bank*
Mutual of Omaha
New York Community
Northern Trust
People's United
PNC
Popular
Royal Bank of Canada*
Regions
Banco Santander*
State Farm
State Street
SunTrust
SVB
Synchrony
Toronto Dominion*
TIAA
U.S. Bancorp
UBS*
USAA
Wells Fargo
Zions








* indicates the U.S. subsidiary of a non-U.S. bank. Inclusion on this list is based on U.S. assets only, and is current as of March 31, 2017.












v
t
e


 Members of Euro Banking Association



Austria



Allgemeine Sparkasse Oberosterreich
Bank für Tirol und Vorarlberg AG
BKS Bank AG
Erste Group Bank AG
Oberbank AG
Oesterreichische Nationalbank
Raiffeisen Bank International AG
Raiffeisenlandesbank Oberösterreich AG
Raiffeisen-Landesbank Tirol AG
Steiermärkische Bank und Sparkassen AG





Belgium



Dexia Bank NV
KBC Bank NV
Bank van De Post





Cyprus



Bank of Cyprus
Hellenic Bank





Denmark



Amagerbanken A/S
Arbejdernes Landsbank A/S
Danske Andelskassers Bank A/S
Danske Bank A/S
DiBa Bank A/S
Djurslands Bank A/S
Jyske Bank A/S
Nordjyske Bank A/S
Nørresundby Bank
Østjydsk Bank A/S
Ringkøbing Landbobank
Roskilde Bank A/S
Skjern Bank
Spar Nord Bank
Sparekassen Sjælland
Sydbank A/S
Vestfyns Bank A/S
Vestjysk Bank





Finland



Aktia Bank PLC
Bank of Åland PLC
Pohjola Bank PLC
S-Bank LTD.
Tapiola Bank LTD





France



Banque Michel Inchauspé - BAMI
Banque Palatine
BNP Paribas SA
BPCE
BRED Banque Populaire
Crédit Agricole SA
Crédit Coopératif
Crédit du Nord
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa
Credit Mutuel CIC Banque
HSBC France
La Banque postale
Natixis
Société Générale





Germany



Berenberg Bank
BHF Bank
Bremer Landesbank
Commerzbank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bundesbank
Deutsche Postbank
DZ Bank AG
Europe Arab Bank Frankfurt
Hamburger Sparkasse AG
J.P. Morgan Chase Bank AG
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg
Landesbank Berlin Holding
Landesbank Hessen-Thüringen
Oldenburgische Landesbank
SECB Swiss EURO CLEARING Bank GmbH
The Bank of New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch
VTB Bank (Deutschland) AG





Greece



Alpha Bank SA
Eurobank Ergasias SA
National Bank of Greece SA
Piraeus Bank SA





Hungary



Budapest Bank
CIB Bank
Erste Bank
FHB Mortgage Bank
Hanwha Bank
Hungarian Development Bank
Hungarian National Bank
K&H Bank
MagNet Bank
MKB Bank
OTP Bank
Raiffeisen Bank
Sberbank Europe Group
TakarékBank
UniCredit





Ireland



Allied Irish Banks
Bank of Ireland





Italy



Banca del Fucino
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena
Banca Nazionale del Lavoro
Banca Popolare del Lazio
Banca Popolare di Sondrio
Banca Sella
Banco BPM
BPER Banca
Cassa di Risparmio di Cesena
Cassa di Risparmio di Fermo
Cassa di Risparmio di Ravenna

Banca di Imola


Credito Emiliano
Credito Valtellinese
ICCREA Banca
Intesa Sanpaolo
Istituto Centrale delle Banche Popolari Italiane
Raiffeisen Landesbank Südtirol
UBI Banca
UniCredit





Luxembourg



Banque et Caisse d'Épargne de l'État
Banque Raiffeisen
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA
KBL European Private Bankers
Société Générale Bank & Trust





Netherlands



ABN Amro Bank NV
De Nederlandsche Bank
ING Bank NV
Rabobank Nederland





Poland



Bank BPH SA
Narodowy Bank Polski





Portugal



Banco BPI SA
Banco Comercial Português
Crédito Agrícola
Caixa Geral de Depósitos
Novo Banco





Slovenia



Banka Slovenije





Spain



Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.
Banco Popular Español, S.A.
Banco Sabadell, S.A.
Bankinter, S.A.
Banco Santander, S.A.
CaixaBank, S.A. (La Caixa)
Catalunya Banc, S.A. (CatalunyaCaixa)
Kutxabank, S.A.
ABANCA Corporación Bancaria, S.A. (Abanca)
Caja Laboral Popular, Cooperativa de Crédito (Caja Laboral)
Banco Cooperativo Español, S.A. (Caja Rural)
CECABANK, S.A.





Sweden



Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken
Svenska Handelsbanken
Swedbank AB
Nordea Bank AB





United Kingdom



Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ Ltd.
Barclays Bank PLC
Citibank NA
DNB Bank (NOR)
HSBC Bank PLC
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., London Branch
Kookmin Bank International Ltd.
Lloyds Bank PLC
MashreqBank psc (UAE)
Royal Bank of Scotland PLC
UBS AG
Wells Fargo Bank NA





Non-EU



Bank of China (CHN)














Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 155048466
ISNI: 0000 0001 0373 6759
GND: 19010-X










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Bank_of_America&oldid=791181109"					
Categories: Bank of America1904 establishments in CaliforniaBanks based in North CarolinaBanks established in 1904Global Systemically Important BanksBank of America legacy banksCompanies based in Charlotte, North CarolinaCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFinancial services companies of the United StatesFormer components of the Dow Jones Industrial AverageMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesOnline brokeragesPrimary dealersHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from December 2016All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2016Articles with dead external links from June 2017Articles with dead external links from September 2010CS1 maint: Uses authors parameterPages using citations with accessdate and no URLCS1 errors: invisible charactersUse mdy dates from November 2015Use American English from January 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishPages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from August 2014Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةБеларускаяCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Հայերենहिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаLatviešuLietuviųМакедонскиमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSuomiSvenskaไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng ViệtWinaray粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 17:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






















Bank of America (@BankofAmerica) | Twitter



























Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.




About






Search query



Search Twitter









Searches you follow







Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                











































      Bank of AmericaVerified account



@BankofAmerica












Tweets
Tweets, current page.
7,948
            



Following
Following
584



Followers
Followers
487K



Likes
Likes
3,519



Lists
Lists
2


Moments
Moments
5
 
 
More 







Likes
Lists
Moments






Unmute @BankofAmerica

Mute @BankofAmerica



Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  






















Bank of AmericaVerified account



@BankofAmerica


Connecting you with resources and meaningful support to help make your financial life better.







 
    go.bofa.com/bankofamerica
  





9M Vine Loops




Joined October 2010












                
                1,514 Photos and videos
            

            Photos and videos
          



















Tweets


Tweets
Tweets, current page.



                  Tweets & replies
                



                  Media
                





You blocked @BankofAmerica
Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @BankofAmerica
Yes, view profile






Close




            
            Bank of America followed
        






















Bank of America Retweeted
            







Cassie Shortsleeve‏ @cshortsleeve

Jul 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Find out 2017's most joyful travel destinations on Earth in #TheJoyIndex #spon (@BankofAmerica/@CNTraveler) http://www.cntraveler.com/joyindex 





0 replies




2 retweets




5 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


5





Liked


5










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Bank of America‏Verified account @BankofAmerica

Jul 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Check out how new features on our #mobile app add on-the-go convenience to #SmallBusiness banking and lending. http://go.bofa.com/tx9lz pic.twitter.com/9ln175kcdI
















3 replies




2 retweets




13 likes








Reply


3







Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


13





Liked


13










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Bank of America‏Verified account @BankofAmerica

Jul 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Yesterday, some customers were unable to access some of our apps. Service has now been fully restored. We appreciate your patience.





16 replies




11 retweets




64 likes








Reply


16







Retweet


11




Retweeted


11








Like


64





Liked


64










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Bank of America‏Verified account @BankofAmerica

Jul 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Some customers were unable to access some of our apps. Most customers now back online, others soon will be. We appreciate your patience.





16 replies




12 retweets




65 likes








Reply


16







Retweet


12




Retweeted


12








Like


65





Liked


65










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Bank of America‏Verified account @BankofAmerica

Jul 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet






Bank of America Retweeted Army Wife Network

Is your #military family is facing #deployment? Check these helpful tips on making it through.https://twitter.com/ArmyWifeNetwork/status/887104276648140800 …

Bank of America added,








Army Wife Network @ArmyWifeNetwork

AWN News 6: 14 tips from four seasoned military spouse “experts” when it comes to deployments http://bit.ly/2u9Wsmw  #armywife









8 replies




4 retweets




15 likes








Reply


8







Retweet


4




Retweeted


4








Like


15





Liked


15










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Bank of America‏Verified account @BankofAmerica

Jul 17






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







“Teach your friends and peers what you learned here – share your opportunity with others.” - @MichaelBervell #BofAStudentLeaders alumnipic.twitter.com/NMJy2NgmKp
















3 replies




13 retweets




37 likes








Reply


3







Retweet


13




Retweeted


13








Like


37





Liked


37










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Bank of America Retweeted
            







Andrea Smith‏Verified account @AndreaSmithCLT

Jul 16






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







.@BankofAmerica HQ in #Charlotte is purple tonight to support #summershareCLT! Helping meet needs of over 100 nonprofits #GiveNeedAVacaypic.twitter.com/d82KTn1vIM
















4 replies




20 retweets




59 likes








Reply


4







Retweet


20




Retweeted


20








Like


59





Liked


59










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Bank of America‏Verified account @BankofAmerica

Jul 16






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Enter for a chance at a @Orioles fan experience! Terms: http://44d.info/mjw3q  #MLBmemorybank #sweepstakes pic.twitter.com/u7Oy6BigIP
















8 replies




17 retweets




24 likes








Reply


8







Retweet


17




Retweeted


17








Like


24





Liked


24










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Bank of America‏Verified account @BankofAmerica

Jul 15






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#BofAStudentLeaders alumni @JoniOleson shared what she took away from the workforce experience and connections made.pic.twitter.com/pht9avu3M3
















1 reply




4 retweets




21 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


4




Retweeted


4








Like


21





Liked


21










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Bank of America‏Verified account @BankofAmerica

Jul 14






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet






Bank of America Retweeted LIFT

We’re happy to continue to partner with you to raise awareness abt what it means to live in poverty.  #LIFTopolis #BofaStudentleadershttps://twitter.com/LIFTCommunities/status/884811951934775297 …

Bank of America added,








LIFT @LIFTCommunities

A huge thank you to @BankofAmerica and the #BOAStudentLeaders for raising up the voices of families at LIFT with #LIFTopolisBOA!









1 reply




6 retweets




11 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


6




Retweeted


6








Like


11





Liked


11










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Bank of America‏Verified account @BankofAmerica

Jul 14






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







Why should we be hopeful for the future? Because young people, like our #BofAStudentLeaders have so much to give.pic.twitter.com/K23NNnDXJm



















0 replies




25 retweets




58 likes








Reply










Retweet


25




Retweeted


25








Like


58





Liked


58










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Bank of America Retweeted
            







Ken Burns‏Verified account @KenBurns

Jul 12






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Why The Vietnam War Is Ken Burns and Lynn Novick’s Most Ambitious Project Yet http://www.vanityfair.com/news/2017/07/the-vietnam-war-ken-burns-lynn-novicks-documentary … @VanityFair @PBS #VietnamPBS









5 replies




48 retweets




87 likes








Reply


5







Retweet


48




Retweeted


48








Like


87





Liked


87










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Bank of America‏Verified account @BankofAmerica

Jul 13






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







The summit may end today but the passion won't as our #BofAStudentLeaders take home invaluable leadership skills to their communities.pic.twitter.com/A4sZQHTdXQ



















1 reply




5 retweets




25 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


5




Retweeted


5








Like


25





Liked


25










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Bank of America Retweeted
            







Connie Montana‏ @cmontana9541

Jul 13






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







@BankofAmerica Student Leaders serving those who serve by packing 4000 hope totes for veterans @WRBethesda @RedCross . #bofastudentleaderspic.twitter.com/TA04uTmdd3



















0 replies




6 retweets




34 likes








Reply










Retweet


6




Retweeted


6








Like


34





Liked


34










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Bank of America‏Verified account @BankofAmerica

Jul 13






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet






Bank of America Retweeted pmmacias

Check out our #BofAStudentLeaders heading to @RedCross HQ for some hands-on volunteer work this morning benefiting our #military! https://twitter.com/pmmacias/status/885483739140296705 …

Bank of America added,











0:17






pmmacias @pmmacias

They're here! 100s of @BankofAmerica #BofAStudentLeaders arrived @RedCross HQ to build #TotesofHope for convalescing military and Vets. pic.twitter.com/8reWD1zNRt









1 reply




9 retweets




37 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


9




Retweeted


9








Like


37





Liked


37










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Bank of America Retweeted
            







Cassie Shortsleeve‏ @cshortsleeve

Jul 12






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







@CNTraveler and @BankofAmerica reveal the top 10 most joyful destinations on Earth with #TheJoyIndex #spon http://www.cntraveler.com/joyindex 





3 replies




2 retweets




1 like








Reply


3







Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Bank of America‏Verified account @BankofAmerica

Jul 12






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet






Bank of America Retweeted Zelle

Thanks for the shout out @Zelle, we're excited about the future of P2P!https://twitter.com/Zelle/status/885204641927049216 …

Bank of America added,








ZelleVerified account @Zelle

Check out this "Trends in Consumer Mobility Report" from our friends @BankofAmerica! http://bddy.me/2t4CcCB 









2 replies




2 retweets




13 likes








Reply


2







Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


13





Liked


13










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Bank of America‏Verified account @BankofAmerica

Jul 12






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







Civic engagement is an important trait of leaders. Our #BofAStudentLeaders are learning about what it means to be a global citizen this weekpic.twitter.com/KlJnyYSPAH



















3 replies




5 retweets




24 likes








Reply


3







Retweet


5




Retweeted


5








Like


24





Liked


24










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Bank of America‏Verified account @BankofAmerica

Jul 12






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet






Bank of America Retweeted Melissa Fields

Check out our #BofAStudentLeaders taking on Capitol Hill today in Washington! https://twitter.com/fieldsmel/status/885210652939345924 …

Bank of America added,

















Melissa Fields @fieldsmel

Detroit #BofAStudentLeaders soaring to new heights on the Hill in DC @BankofAmerica pic.twitter.com/VQnnMwKAyK









0 replies




3 retweets




19 likes








Reply










Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like


19





Liked


19










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Bank of America‏Verified account @BankofAmerica

Jul 12






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Tackling the gender gap in tech begins with those who haven’t entered the workforce yet. #GirlsWhoCodepic.twitter.com/yzxPijuRun
















2 replies




30 retweets




77 likes








Reply


2







Retweet


30




Retweeted


30








Like


77





Liked


77










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo












          @BankofAmerica hasn't Tweeted yet.
      
Back to top ↑












Loading seems to be taking a while.

      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.
    

















      New to Twitter?
    


    Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline!
  

Sign up




You may also like
    ·
    Refresh








false












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info




















Close




            
            Choose a trend location
          






















Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Searches you follow







Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user

























Bank of America - Wikipedia






















 






Bank of America

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about a commercial bank unaffiliated with the government. For the central bank of the United States, see Federal Reserve System. For other Banks of the United States, see Bank of the United States.

Bank of America Corporation





Bank of America headquarters in Charlotte, North Carolina




Type

Public company


Traded as



NYSE: BAC
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





ISIN
US0605051046


Industry
Banking, Financial services


Predecessor
Bank America
NationsBank


Founded
October 17, 1904; 112 years ago (1904-10-17) (as Bank of Italy)
February 1930; 87 years ago (1930-02) (as Bank of America)[1][2]
October 2000; 16 years ago (2000-10) (current)


Founder
Amadeo Giannini


Headquarters
Charlotte, North Carolina



Number of locations

4,600 retail financial centers & approximately 15,900 automated teller machines[3]



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Brian Moynihan
(Chairman and CEO)[3][3]


Products
Consumer banking, corporate banking, insurance, investment banking, mortgage loans, private banking, private equity, wealth management, credit cards,


Revenue
 US$89.701 billion (2016)[3]



Net income

 US$17.906 billion (2016)[3]


AUM
 US$886.148 billion (2016)[3]


Total assets
 US$2.187 trillion (2016)[3]


Total equity
 US$266.84 billion (2016)[3]



Number of employees

208,000 (2016)[3]


Divisions
Bank of America Home Loans, Bank of America Merrill Lynch


Subsidiaries
Merrill Lynch
Merrill Edge
U.S. Trust


Capital ratio
10.8% (2016)[3]


Rating
Long Term Senior
Moody's: Baa1 (10/2016)
S&P: BBB+ (10/2016)
Fitch: A (10/2016)


Website
www.bankofamerica.com


Bank of America Corporation (abbreviated as BofA) is a multinational banking and financial services corporation headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina. It is ranked 2nd on the list of largest banks in the United States by assets.[4] As of 2016, Bank of America was the 26th largest company in the United States by total revenue. In 2016, it was ranked #11 on the Forbes Magazine Global 2000 list of largest companies in the world.[5]
Its acquisition of Merrill Lynch in 2008 made it the world's largest wealth management corporation and a major player in the investment banking market.[6] As of December 31, 2016, it had US$886.148 billion in assets under management (AUM).[3]
As of December 31, 2016, the company held 10.73% of all bank deposits in the United States.[7] It is one of the Big Four banks in the United States, along with Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo—its main competitors.[8][9] Bank of America operates—but does not necessarily maintain retail branches[10]—in all 50 states of the United States, the District of Columbia and more than 40 other countries. It has a retail banking footprint that serves approximately 46 million consumer and small business relationships at 4,600 banking centers and 15,900 automated teller machines (ATMs).[3]
Bank of America provides its products and services through 4,600 retail financial centers, approximately 15,900 automated teller machines,[3] call centers, and online and mobile banking platforms. Its Consumer Real Estate Services segment offers consumer real estate products comprising fixed and adjustable-rate first-lien mortgage loans for home purchase and refinancing needs, home equity lines of credit, and home equity loans.[11]
Bank of America has been the subject of many lawsuits and investigations regarding both mortgages and financial disclosures dating back to the financial crisis, including a record settlement of $16.65 billion on August 21, 2014.[12]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Bank of Italy
1.2 Expansion in California
1.3 Expansion outside California
1.4 Merger of NationsBank and BankAmerica
1.5 2001 to present

1.5.1 Acquisition of Countrywide Financial
1.5.2 Acquisition of Merrill Lynch
1.5.3 Federal Troubled Asset Relief Program
1.5.4 Bonus settlement
1.5.5 Fraud
1.5.6 Downsizing (2011 to 2014)
1.5.7 Sale of stake in China Construction Bank
1.5.8 $17 billion settlement with Justice Department
1.5.9 DOD Community Bank


1.6 Introduction of Erica


2 Operations

2.1 Consumer Banking
2.2 Global Banking
2.3 Global Wealth and Investment Management
2.4 Global Markets
2.5 Offices

2.5.1 International offices




3 Charitable efforts
4 Lawsuits
5 Controversies

5.1 Parmalat controversy
5.2 Consumer credit controversies
5.3 WikiLeaks
5.4 Anonymous
5.5 Mortgage business
5.6 Accounts of Iranians frozen
5.7 Investment in mountaintop removal


6 Notable buildings

6.1 Former buildings


7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



History[edit]
Bank of Italy[edit]
Main article: Bank of Italy (United States)
The history of Bank of America dates back to October 17, 1904,[1] when Amadeo Pietro Giannini founded the Bank of Italy in San Francisco. The Bank of Italy served the needs of many immigrants settling in the United States at that time, providing services denied to them by the existing American banks which typically discriminated against them and often denied service to all but the wealthiest.[13] Giannini was raised by his mother and stepfather Lorenzo Scatena, as his father was fatally shot over a pay dispute with an employee.[14] When the 1906 San Francisco earthquake struck, Giannini was able to save all deposits out of the bank building and away from the fires. Because San Francisco's banks were in smoldering ruins and unable to open their vaults, Giannini was able to use the rescued funds to commence lending within a few days of the disaster. From a makeshift desk consisting of a few planks over two barrels, he lent money to those who wished to rebuild.[15][16][17]
In 1922, Giannini established Bank of America and Italy. In 1986, Deutsche Bank AG acquired 100% of Banca d'America e d'Italia, a bank established in Naples in 1917 following the name-change of Banca dell'Italia Meridionale with the latter established in 1918. In 1918 another corporation, Bancitaly Corporation, was organized by A. P. Giannini, the largest stockholder of which was Stockholders Auxiliary Corporation. This company acquired the stocks of various banks located in New York City and certain foreign countries.[18]

In 1928 Giannini merged his bank with Bank of America, Los Angeles, headed by Orra E. Monnette and consolidated it with other bank holdings to create what would become the largest banking institution in the country. Bank of Italy was renamed on November 3, 1930 to Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association, which was the only such designated bank in the United States of America at that time. Giannini and Monnette headed the resulting company, serving as co-chairs.[citation needed]
Expansion in California[edit]
Branch banking was introduced by Giannini shortly after 1909 legislation in California that allowed for branch banking in the state. Its first branch outside San Francisco was established in 1909 in San Jose. By 1929, the bank had 453 banking offices in California with aggregate resources of over US$1.4 billion.[19] There is a replica of the 1909 Bank of Italy branch bank in History Park in San Jose, and the 1925 Bank of Italy Building is an important downtown landmark. Giannini sought to build a national bank, expanding into most of the western states as well as into the insurance industry, under the aegis of his holding company, Transamerica Corporation. In 1953, regulators succeeded in forcing the separation of Transamerica Corporation and Bank of America under the Clayton Antitrust Act.[20] The passage of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 prohibited banks from owning non-banking subsidiaries such as insurance companies. Bank of America and Transamerica were separated, with the latter company continuing in the insurance business. However, federal banking regulators prohibited Bank of America's interstate banking activity, and Bank of America's domestic banks outside California were forced into a separate company that eventually became First Interstate Bancorp, later acquired by Wells Fargo and Company in 1996. It was not until the 1980s with a change in federal banking legislation and regulation that Bank of America was again able to expand its domestic consumer banking activity outside California.
New technologies also allowed credit cards to be linked directly to individual bank accounts. In 1958, the bank introduced the BankAmericard, which changed its name to Visa in 1977.[21] A consortium of other California banks introduced Master Charge (now MasterCard) to compete with BankAmericard.
Expansion outside California[edit]
Following the passage of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, BankAmerica Corporation was established for the purpose of owning and operation of Bank of America and its subsidiaries.
Bank of America expanded outside California in 1983 with its acquisition of Seafirst Corporation of Seattle, Washington, and its wholly owned banking subsidiary, Seattle-First National Bank. Seafirst was at risk of seizure by the federal government after becoming insolvent due to a series of bad loans to the oil industry. BankAmerica continued to operate its new subsidiary as Seafirst rather than Bank of America until the 1998 merger with NationsBank.
BankAmerica experienced huge losses in 1986 and 1987 by the placement of a series of bad loans in the Third World, particularly in Latin America. The company fired its CEO, Sam Armacost. Though Armacost blamed the problems on his predecessor, A.W. (Tom) Clausen, Clausen was appointed to replace Armacost. The losses resulted in a huge decline of BankAmerica stock, making it vulnerable to a hostile takeover. First Interstate Bancorp of Los Angeles (which had originated from banks once owned by BankAmerica), launched such a bid in the fall of 1986, although BankAmerica rebuffed it, mostly by selling operations. It sold its FinanceAmerica subsidiary to Chrysler and the brokerage firm Charles Schwab and Co. back to Mr. Schwab. It also sold Bank of America and Italy to Deutsche Bank. By the time of the 1987 stock market crash, BankAmerica's share price had fallen to $8, but by 1992 it had rebounded mightily to become one of the biggest gainers of that half-decade.




The Bank of America Tower in New York City.


BankAmerica's next big acquisition came in 1992. The company acquired its California rival, Security Pacific Corporation and its subsidiary Security Pacific National Bank in California and other banks in Arizona, Idaho, Oregon, and Washington (which Security Pacific had acquired in a series of acquisitions in the late 1980s). This was, at the time, the largest bank acquisition in history. Federal regulators, however, forced the sale of roughly half of Security Pacific's Washington subsidiary, the former Rainier Bank, as the combination of Seafirst and Security Pacific Washington would have given BankAmerica too large a share of the market in that state. The Washington branches were divided and sold to West One Bancorp (now U.S. Bancorp) and KeyBank.[22] Later that year, BankAmerica expanded into Nevada by acquiring Valley Bank of Nevada.
In 1994, BankAmerica acquired the Continental Illinois National Bank and Trust Co. of Chicago, which had become federally owned as part of the same oil industry debacle emanating from Oklahoma City's Penn Square Bank, that had brought down numerous financial institutions including Seafirst. At the time, no bank possessed the resources to bail out Continental, so the federal government operated the bank for nearly a decade. Illinois at that time regulated branch banking extremely heavily, so Bank of America Illinois was a single-unit bank until the 21st century. BankAmerica moved its national lending department to Chicago in an effort to establish a financial beachhead in the region.




Pyramid-shaped former Bank of America branch building towers over Interstate 410 in San Antonio, Texas.


These mergers helped BankAmerica Corporation to once again become the largest U.S. bank holding company in terms of deposits, but the company fell to second place in 1997 behind North Carolina's fast-growing NationsBank Corporation, and to third in 1998 First Union Corp.
On the capital markets side, the acquisition of Continental Illinois helped BankAmerica to build a leveraged finance origination and distribution business (Continental Illinois had extensive leveraged lending relationships) which allowed the firm's existing broker-dealer, BancAmerica Securities (originally named BA Securities), to become a full-service franchise.[23][24] In addition, in 1997, BankAmerica acquired Robertson Stephens, a San Francisco–based investment bank specializing in high technology for $540 million. Robertson Stephens was integrated into BancAmerica Securities and the combined subsidiary was renamed BancAmerica Robertson Stephens.[25]
Merger of NationsBank and BankAmerica[edit]




Logo of the former Bank of America (BA), 1969–1998


In 1997, Bank of America lent D. E. Shaw & Co., a large hedge fund, $1.4 billion in order to run various businesses for the bank.[26] However, D.E. Shaw suffered significant loss after the 1998 Russia bond default.[27][28] BankAmerica was acquired by NationsBank of Charlotte in October 1998 in what was the largest bank acquisition in history at that time.[29]
While NationsBank was the nominal survivor, the merged bank took the better-known name of Bank of America. Hence, the holding company was renamed Bank of America Corporation, while NationsBank, N.A. merged with Bank of America NT&SA to form Bank of America, N.A. as the remaining legal bank entity. The combined bank still operates under Federal Charter 13044, which was granted to Giannini's Bank of Italy on March 1, 1927. However, the merged company is headquartered in Charlotte and retains NationsBank's pre-1998 stock price history. Additionally, all U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings before 1998 are listed under NationsBank, not Bank of America. NationsBank president, chairman and CEO Hugh McColl took on the same roles with the merged company.
Bank of America possessed combined assets of $570 billion, as well as 4,800 branches in 22 states. Despite the mammoth size of the two companies, federal regulators insisted only upon the divestiture of 13 branches in New Mexico, in towns that would be left with only a single bank following the combination. (Branch divestitures are only required if the combined company will have a larger than 25% Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) deposit market share in a particular state or 10% deposit market share overall.) In addition, the combined broker-dealer, created from the integration of BancAmerica Robertson Stephens and NationsBanc Montgomery Securities, was named Banc of America Securities in 1998.[30]
2001 to present[edit]




Typical Bank of America local office in Los Angeles


In 2001, McColl stepped down and named Ken Lewis as his successor.
In 2004, Bank of America announced it would purchase Boston-based bank FleetBoston Financial for $47 billion in cash and stock.[31] By merging with Bank of America, all of its banks and branches were given the Bank of America logo. At the time of merger, FleetBoston was the seventh largest bank in United States with $197 billion in assets, over 20 million customers and revenue of $12 billion.[31] Hundreds of FleetBoston workers lost their jobs or were demoted, according to The Boston Globe.
On June 30, 2005, Bank of America announced it would purchase credit card giant MBNA for $35 billion in cash and stock. The Federal Reserve Board gave final approval to the merger on December 15, 2005, and the merger closed on January 1, 2006. The acquisition of MBNA provided Bank of America a leading domestic and foreign credit card issuer. The combined Bank of America Card Services organization, including the former MBNA, had more than 40 million U.S. accounts and nearly $140 billion in outstanding balances. Under Bank of America the operation was renamed FIA Card Services.




Bank of America footprint


Bank of America operated under the name BankBoston in many other Latin American countries, including Brazil. In 2006, Bank of America sold BankBoston's operations to Brazilian bank Banco Itaú, in exchange for Itaú shares. The BankBoston name and trademarks were not part of the transaction and, as part of the sale agreement, cannot be used by Bank of America (ending the BankBoston brand).
In May 2006, Bank of America and Banco Itaú (Investimentos Itaú S.A.) entered into an acquisition agreement through which Itaú agreed to acquire BankBoston's operations in Brazil and was granted an exclusive right to purchase Bank of America's operations in Chile and Uruguay. The deal was signed in August 2006 under which Itaú agreed to purchase Bank of America's operations in Chile and Uruguay. Prior to the transaction, BankBoston's Brazilian operations included asset management, private banking, a credit card portfolio, and small, middle-market, and large corporate segments. It had 66 branches and 203,000 clients in Brazil. BankBoston in Chile had 44 branches and 58,000 clients and in Uruguay it had 15 branches. In addition, there was a credit card company, OCA, in Uruguay, which had 23 branches. BankBoston N.A. in Uruguay, together with OCA, jointly served 372,000 clients. While the BankBoston name and trademarks were not part of the transaction, as part of the sale agreement, they cannot be used by Bank of America in Brazil, Chile or Uruguay following the transactions. Hence, the BankBoston name has disappeared from Brazil, Chile and Uruguay. The Itaú stock received by Bank of America in the transactions has allowed Bank of America's stake in Itaú to reach 11.51%. Banco de Boston de Brazil had been founded in 1947.
On November 20, 2006, Bank of America announced the purchase of The United States Trust Company for $3.3 billion, from the Charles Schwab Corporation. US Trust had about $100 billion of assets under management and over 150 years of experience. The deal closed July 1, 2007.[32]
On September 14, 2007, Bank of America won approval from the Federal Reserve to acquire LaSalle Bank Corporation from ABN AMRO for $21 billion. With this purchase, Bank of America possessed $1.7 trillion in assets. A Dutch court blocked the sale until it was later approved in July. The acquisition was completed on October 1, 2007. Many of LaSalle's branches and offices had already taken over smaller regional banks within the previous decade, such as Lansing and Detroit based Michigan National Bank.
The deal increased Bank of America's presence in Illinois, Michigan, and Indiana by 411 branches, 17,000 commercial bank clients, 1.4 million retail customers, and 1,500 ATMs. Bank of America became the largest bank in the Chicago market with 197 offices and 14% of the deposit share, surpassing JPMorgan Chase.
LaSalle Bank and LaSalle Bank Midwest branches adopted the Bank of America name on May 5, 2008.[33]
Ken Lewis, who had lost the title of Chairman of the Board, announced that he would retire as CEO effective December 31, 2009, in part due to controversy and legal investigations concerning the purchase of Merrill Lynch. Brian Moynihan became President and CEO effective January 1, 2010, and afterward credit card charge offs and delinquencies declined in January. Bank of America also repaid the $45 billion it had received from the Troubled Assets Relief Program.[34][35]
Acquisition of Countrywide Financial[edit]
On August 23, 2007, the company announced a $2 billion repurchase agreement for Countrywide Financial. This purchase of preferred stock was arranged to provide a return on investment of 7.25% per annum and provided the option to purchase common stock at a price of $18 per share.[36]
On January 11, 2008, Bank of America announced that it would buy Countrywide Financial for $4.1 billion.[37] In March 2008, it was reported that the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) was investigating Countrywide for possible fraud relating to home loans and mortgages.[38] This news did not hinder the acquisition, which was completed in July 2008,[39] giving the bank a substantial market share of the mortgage business, and access to Countrywide's resources for servicing mortgages.[40] The acquisition was seen as preventing a potential bankruptcy for Countrywide. Countrywide, however, denied that it was close to bankruptcy. Countrywide provided mortgage servicing for nine million mortgages valued at $1.4 trillion as of December 31, 2007.[41]
This purchase made Bank of America Corporation the leading mortgage originator and servicer in the U.S., controlling 20–25% of the home loan market.[42] The deal was structured to merge Countrywide with the Red Oak Merger Corporation, which Bank of America created as an independent subsidiary. It has been suggested that the deal was structured this way to prevent a potential bankruptcy stemming from large losses in Countrywide hurting the parent organization by keeping Countrywide bankruptcy remote.[43] Countrywide Financial has changed its name to Bank of America Home Loans.
 In December 2011, the Justice Department announced a $335 million settlement with Bank of America over discriminatory lending practice at Countrywide Financial. Attorney General Eric Holder said a federal probe found discrimination against qualified African-American and Latino borrowers from 2004 to 2008. He said that minority borrowers who qualified for prime loans were steered into higher-interest-rate subprime loans.[44]
Acquisition of Merrill Lynch[edit]
On September 14, 2008, Bank of America announced its intention to purchase Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. in an all-stock deal worth approximately $50 billion. Merrill Lynch was at the time within days of collapse, and the acquisition effectively saved Merrill from bankruptcy.[45] Around the same time Bank of America was reportedly also in talks to purchase Lehman Brothers, however a lack of government guarantees caused the bank to abandon talks with Lehman.[46] Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy the same day Bank of America announced its plans to acquire Merrill Lynch.[47] This acquisition made Bank of America the largest financial services company in the world.[48] Temasek Holdings, the largest shareholder of Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc., briefly became one of the largest shareholders of Bank of America,[49] with a 3% stake. However, taking a loss Reuters estimated at $3 billion, the Singapore sovereign wealth fund sold its whole stake in Bank of America in the first quarter of 2009.[50]
Shareholders of both companies approved the acquisition on December 5, 2008, and the deal closed January 1, 2009.[51] Bank of America had planned to retain various members of the then Merrill Lynch's CEO, John Thain's management team after the merger.[52] However, after Thain was removed from his position, most of his allies left. The departure of Nelson Chai, who had been named Asia-Pacific president, left just one of Thain's hires in place: Tom Montag, head of sales and trading.[53]
The bank, in its January 16, 2009 earnings release, revealed massive losses at Merrill Lynch in the fourth quarter, which necessitated an infusion of money that had previously been negotiated[54] with the government as part of the government-persuaded deal for the bank to acquire Merrill. Merrill recorded an operating loss of $21.5 billion in the quarter, mainly in its sales and trading operations, led by Tom Montag. The bank also disclosed it tried to abandon the deal in December after the extent of Merrill's trading losses surfaced, but was compelled to complete the merger by the U.S. government. The bank's stock price sank to $7.18, its lowest level in 17 years, after announcing earnings and the Merrill mishap. The market capitalization of Bank of America, including Merrill Lynch, was then $45 billion, less than the $50 billion it offered for Merrill just four months earlier, and down $108 billion from the merger announcement.
Bank of America CEO Kenneth Lewis testified before Congress[6] that he had some misgivings about the acquisition of Merrill Lynch, and that federal officials pressured him to proceed with the deal or face losing his job and endangering the bank's relationship with federal regulators.[55]
Lewis' statement is backed up by internal emails subpoenaed by Republican lawmakers on the House Oversight Committee.[56] In one of the emails, Richmond Federal Reserve President Jeffrey Lacker threatened that if the acquisition did not go through, and later Bank of America were forced to request federal assistance, the management of Bank of America would be "gone". Other emails, read by Congressman Dennis Kucinich during the course of Lewis' testimony, state that Mr. Lewis had foreseen the outrage from his shareholders that the purchase of Merrill would cause, and asked government regulators to issue a letter stating that the government had ordered him to complete the deal to acquire Merrill. Lewis, for his part, states he didn't recall requesting such a letter.
The acquisition made Bank of America the number one underwriter of global high-yield debt, the third largest underwriter of global equity and the ninth largest adviser on global mergers and acquisitions.[57] As the credit crisis eased, losses at Merrill Lynch subsided, and the subsidiary generated $3.7 billion of Bank of America's $4.2 billion in profit by the end of quarter one in 2009, and over 25% in quarter 3 2009.[58][59]
On September 28, 2012, Bank of America settled the class action lawsuit over the Merrill Lynch acquisition and will pay $2.43 billion.[60] This was one of the first major securities class action lawsuits stemming from the financial crisis of 2007-2008 to settle. Many major financial institutions had a stake in this lawsuit, including Chicago Clearing Corporation, hedge funds, and bank trusts, due to the belief that Bank of America stock was a sure investment.
Federal Troubled Asset Relief Program[edit]
Bank of America received $20 billion in the federal bailout from the U.S. government through the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) on January 16, 2009, and a guarantee of $118 billion in potential losses at the company.[61] This was in addition to the $25 billion given to them in the fall of 2008 through TARP. The additional payment was part of a deal with the U.S. government to preserve Bank of America's merger with the troubled investment firm Merrill Lynch.[62] Since then, members of the U.S. Congress have expressed considerable concern about how this money has been spent, especially since some of the recipients have been accused of misusing the bailout money.[63] Then CEO Ken Lewis was quoted as claiming "We are still lending, and we are lending far more because of the TARP program." Members of the U.S. House of Representatives, however, were skeptical and quoted many anecdotes about loan applicants (particularly small business owners) being denied loans and credit card holders facing stiffer terms on the debt in their card accounts.
According to a March 15, 2009, article in The New York Times, Bank of America received an additional $5.2 billion in government bailout money, channeled through American International Group.[64]
As a result of its federal bailout and management problems, The Wall Street Journal reported that the Bank of America was operating under a secret "memorandum of understanding" (MOU) from the U.S. government that requires it to "overhaul its board and address perceived problems with risk and liquidity management". With the federal action, the institution has taken several steps, including arranging for six of its directors to resign and forming a Regulatory Impact Office. Bank of America faces several deadlines in July and August and if not met, could face harsher penalties by federal regulators. Bank of America did not respond to The Wall Street Journal story.[65]
On December 2, 2009, Bank of America announced it would repay the entire $45 billion it received in TARP and exit the program, using $26.2 billion of excess liquidity along with $18.6 billion to be gained in "common equivalent securities" (Tier 1 capital). The bank announced it had completed the repayment on December 9. Bank of America's Ken Lewis said during the announcement, "We appreciate the critical role that the U.S. government played last fall in helping to stabilize financial markets, and we are pleased to be able to fully repay the investment, with interest.... As America's largest bank, we have a responsibility to make good on the taxpayers' investment, and our record shows that we have been able to fulfill that commitment while continuing to lend."[66][67]
Bonus settlement[edit]
On August 3, 2009, Bank of America agreed to pay a $33 million fine, without admission or denial of charges, to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) over the non-disclosure of an agreement to pay up to $5.8 billion of bonuses at Merrill. The bank approved the bonuses before the merger but did not disclose them to its shareholders when the shareholders were considering approving the Merrill acquisition, in December 2008. The issue was originally investigated by New York State Attorney General Andrew Cuomo, who commented after the suit and announced settlement that "the timing of the bonuses, as well as the disclosures relating to them, constituted a 'surprising fit of corporate irresponsibility'" and "our investigation of these and other matters pursuant to New York's Martin Act will continue." Congressman Kucinich commented at the same time that "This may not be the last fine that Bank of America pays for how it handled its merger of Merrill Lynch."[68] A federal judge, Jed Rakoff, in an unusual action, refused to approve the settlement on August 5.[69] A first hearing before the judge on August 10 was at times heated, and he was "sharply critic[al]" of the bonuses. David Rosenfeld represented the SEC, and Lewis J. Liman, son of Arthur L. Liman, represented the bank. The actual amount of bonuses paid was $3.6 billion, of which $850 million was "guaranteed" and the rest was shared amongst 39,000 workers who received average payments of $91,000; 696 people received more than $1 million in bonuses; at least one person received a more than $33 million bonus.[70]
On September 14, the judge rejected the settlement and told the parties to prepare for trial to begin no later than February 1, 2010. The judge focused much of his criticism on the fact that the fine in the case would be paid by the bank's shareholders, who were the ones that were supposed to have been injured by the lack of disclosure. He wrote, "It is quite something else for the very management that is accused of having lied to its shareholders to determine how much of those victims’ money should be used to make the case against the management go away," ... "The proposed settlement," the judge continued, "suggests a rather cynical relationship between the parties: the S.E.C. gets to claim that it is exposing wrongdoing on the part of the Bank of America in a high-profile merger; the bank's management gets to claim that they have been coerced into an onerous settlement by overzealous regulators. And all this is done at the expense, not only of the shareholders, but also of the truth."[71]
While ultimately deferring to the SEC, in February 2010, Judge Rakoff approved a revised settlement with a $150 million fine "reluctantly", calling the accord "half-baked justice at best" and "inadequate and misguided". Addressing one of the concerns he raised in September, the fine will be "distributed only to Bank of America shareholders harmed by the non-disclosures, or 'legacy shareholders', an improvement on the prior $33 million while still "paltry", according to the judge. Case: SEC v. Bank of America Corp., 09-cv-06829, United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.[72]
Investigations also were held on this issue in the United States House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform,[71] under chairman Edolphus Towns (D-NY)[73] and in its investigative Domestic Policy Subcommittee under Kucinich.[74]
Fraud[edit]
In 2010, the bank was accused by the U.S. government of defrauding schools, hospitals, and dozens of state and local government organizations via misconduct and illegal activities involving the investment of proceeds from municipal bond sales. As a result, the bank agreed to pay $137.7 million, including $25 million to the Internal Revenue service and $4.5 million to state attorney general, to the affected organizations to settle the allegations.[75]
Former bank official Douglas Campbell pleaded guilty to antitrust, conspiracy and wire fraud charges. As of January 2011, other bankers and brokers are under indictment or investigation.[76]
On October 24, 2012, the top federal prosecutor in Manhattan filed a lawsuit alleging that Bank of America fraudulently cost American taxpayers more than $1 billion when Countrywide Financial sold toxic mortgages to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. The scheme was called 'Hustle', or High Speed Swim Lane.[77][78] On May 23, 2016 the Second U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the finding of fact by the jury that low quality mortgages were supplied by Countrywide to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac in the "Hustle" case supported only "intentional breach of contract," not fraud. The action, for civil fraud, relied on provisions of the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act. The decision turned on lack of intent to defraud at the time the contract to supply mortgages was made.[79]
Downsizing (2011 to 2014)[edit]
During 2011, Bank of America began conducting personnel reductions of an estimated 36,000 people, contributing to intended savings of $5 billion per year by 2014.[80]
In December 2011, Forbes ranked Bank of America's financial health 91st out of the nation's largest 100 banks and thrift institutions.[81]
Bank of America cut around 16,000 jobs in a quicker fashion by the end of 2012 as revenue continued to decline because of new regulations and a slow economy. This put a plan one year ahead of time to eliminate 30,000 jobs under a cost-cutting program, called Project New BAC.[82] In the first quarter of 2014 Berkshire bank purchased 20 Bank of America branches in Central and eastern New York for 14.4 million dollars. The branches were from Utica/Rome region and down the Mohawk Valley east to the capital region.
In April and May 2014, Bank of America sold two dozen branches in Michigan to Huntington Bancshares. The locations were converted to Huntington National Bank branches in September.[83]
As part of its new strategy Bank of America is focused on growing its mobile banking platform. As of 2014, Bank of America has 31 million active online users and 16 million mobile users. Its retail banking branches have decreased to 4,900 as a result of increased mobile banking use and a decline in customer branch visits.
Sale of stake in China Construction Bank[edit]
In 2005, Bank of America acquired a 9% stake in China Construction Bank, one of the Big Four banks in China, for $3 billion.[84] It represented the company's largest foray into China's growing banking sector. Bank of America has offices in Hong Kong, Shanghai, and Guangzhou and was looking to greatly expand its Chinese business as a result of this deal. In 2008, Bank of America was awarded Project Finance Deal of the Year at the 2008 ALB Hong Kong Law Awards.[85] In November 2011, Bank of America announced plans to divest most of its stake in the China Construction Bank.[86]
In September 2013, Bank of America sold its remaining stake in the China Construction Bank for as much as $1.5 billion, marking the firm's full exit from the country.[87]
$17 billion settlement with Justice Department[edit]
In August 2014, Bank of America agreed to a near-$17 billion deal to settle claims against it relating to the sale of toxic mortgage-linked securities including subprime home loans, in what was believed to be the largest settlement in U.S. corporate history. The bank agreed with the U.S. Justice Department to pay $9.65 billion in fines, and $7 billion in relief to the victims of the faulty loans which included homeowners, borrowers, pension funds and municipalities.[88] Real estate economist Jed Kolko said the settlement is a "drop in the bucket" compared to the $700 billion in damages done to 11 million homeowners. Since the settlement covered such a substantial portion of the market, he said for most consumers "you're out of luck."[89]
Much of the government's prosecution was based on information provided by three whistleblowers - Shareef Abdou (a senior vice president at the bank), Robert Madsen (a professional appraiser employed by a bank subsidiary) and Edward O'Donnell (a Fannie Mae official). The three men received $170 million in whistleblower awards.[90]
DOD Community Bank[edit]




DOD Community Bank logo.


Bank of America has formed a partnership with the United States Department of Defense creating a newly chartered bank DOD Community Bank[91] ("Community Bank") providing full banking services to military personnel at 68 branches and ATM locations[92] on U.S. military installations in Guantanamo Bay Naval Base Cuba, Diego Garcia, Germany, Japan, Italy, Kwajalein Atoll, South Korea, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. It should be noted that even though Bank of America operates Community Bank customer services are not interchangeable between the two financial institutions,[93] meaning a Community Bank customer cannot go to a Bank of America branch and withdraw from their account and vice versa. Deposits made into checking and savings accounts are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250,000 despite the fact that none of Community's operating branches are located within the jurisdictional borders of the United States.
Introduction of Erica[edit]
At the Money 20/20 conference in October 2016, retail banking president Thong Nguyen introduced a digital assistant called Erica, whose name comes from the bank name. Starting in 2017, customers will be able to use voice or text to communicate with Erica and get advice, check balances and pay bills. Unlike the people who work for the bank, Erica will be available 24/7. Digital banking head Michelle Moore said the technology was designed to help customers do a better job of managing money.
Forrester analyst Peter Wannemacher says bank customer experiences with the technology have been "uneven or poor," but Bank of America intends to adapt Erica as needed.
Operations[edit]




Bank of America branch in Washington, D.C.


Bank of America generates 90% of its revenues in its domestic market. The core of Bank of America's strategy is to be the number one bank in its domestic market. It has achieved this through key acquisitions.[94]
Consumer Banking[edit]
Consumer Banking, the largest division in the company, provides financial services to consumers and small businesses including, banking, investments and lending products including business loans, mortgages, and credit cards. It provides for investing online through its electronic trading platform, Merrill Edge. The consumer banking division represented 38% of the company's total revenue in 2016.[3] The company earns revenue from interest income, service charges, and fees. The company is also a mortgage servicer. It competes primarily with the retail banking arms of America's three other megabanks: Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo. The Consumer Banking organization includes over 4,600 retail financial centers and approximately 15,900 automated teller machines.
Bank of America is a member of the Global ATM Alliance, a joint venture of several major international banks that provides for reduced fees for consumers using their ATM card or check card at another bank within the Global ATM Alliance when traveling internationally. This feature is restricted to withdrawals using a debit card and users are still subject to foreign currency conversion fees, credit card withdrawals are still subject to cash advance fees and foreign currency conversion fees.
Global Banking[edit]




Bank of America Tower, located on Laura Street in Jacksonville, Florida


The Global Banking division provides banking services, including investment banking and lending products to businesses. It includes the businesses of Global Corporate Banking, Global Commercial Banking, Business Banking, and Global Investment Banking. The division represented 22% of the company's revenue in 2016.[3]
Before Bank of America's acquisition of Merrill Lynch, the Global Corporate and Investment Banking (GCIB) business operated as Banc of America Securities LLC. The bank's investment banking activities operate under the Merrill Lynch subsidiary and provided mergers and acquisitions advisory, underwriting, capital markets, as well as sales & trading in fixed income and equities markets. Its strongest groups include Leveraged Finance, Syndicated Loans, and mortgage-backed securities. It also has one of the largest research teams on Wall Street. Bank of America Merrill Lynch is headquartered in New York City.
Global Wealth and Investment Management[edit]
The Global Wealth and Investment Management (GWIM) division manages investment assets of institutions and individuals. It includes the businesses of Merrill Lynch Global Wealth Management and U.S. Trust and represented 21% of the company's total revenue in 2016.[3] It is among the 10 largest U.S. wealth managers. It has over $2.5 trillion in client balances.[3] GWIM has five primary lines of business: Premier Banking & Investments (including Bank of America Investment Services, Inc.), The Private Bank, Family Wealth Advisors, and Bank of America Specialist.
Global Markets[edit]
The Global Markets division offers services to institutional clients, including trading in financial securities. The division provides research and other services such as market maker and risk management using derivatives. The division represented 19% of the company's total revenues in 2016.[3]
Offices[edit]
The Bank of America headquarters for its operations is in the Bank of America Tower, New York City, which opened in 2009. The skyscraper is located on 42nd Street and Avenue of the Americas, at Bryant Park, and features state-of-the-art, environmentally friendly technology throughout its 2.1 million square feet (195,096 m²) of office space. The building is the headquarters for the company's investment banking division, and also hosts most of Bank of America's New York–based staff.
In 2012, Bank of America cut ties to the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC).[95]
International offices[edit]
Bank of America's Global Corporate and Investment Banking has its U.S. headquarters in New York, European headquarters in London, and Asian headquarters in Hong Kong.[96]
Charitable efforts[edit]




Bank of America volunteers at the Los Angeles LGBT pride parade in 2011


In 2007, the bank offered employees a $3,000 rebate for the purchase of hybrid vehicles. The company also provided a $1,000 rebate or a lower interest rate for customers whose homes qualified as energy efficient.[97] In 2007, Bank of America partnered with Brighter Planet to offer an eco-friendly credit card, and later a debit card, which help build renewable energy projects with each purchase.[98] In 2010, the bank completed construction of the 1 Bank of America Center in Charlotte center city. The tower, and accompanying hotel, is a LEED-certified building.[99]
Bank of America has also donated money to help health centers in Massachusetts[100] and made a $1 million donation in 2007 to help homeless shelters in Miami.[101]
In 1998, the bank made a ten-year commitment of $350 billion to provide affordable mortgage, build affordable housing, support small business and create jobs in disadvantaged neighborhoods.[102]
In 2004, the bank pledged $750 billion over a ten-year period for community development lending and affordable housing programs.[103]
Lawsuits[edit]
In August 2011, Bank of America was sued for $10 billion by American International Group. Another lawsuit filed in September 2011 pertained to $57.5 billion in mortgage-backed securities Bank of America sold to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.[104] That December, Bank of America agreed to pay $335 million to settle a federal government claim that Countrywide Financial had discriminated against Hispanic and African-American homebuyers from 2004 to 2008, prior to being acquired by BofA.[105] In September 2012, BofA settled out of court for $2.4 billion in a class action lawsuit filed by BofA shareholders who felt they were misled about the purchase of Merrill Lynch.
On February 9, 2012, it was announced that the five largest mortgage servicers (Ally/GMAC, Bank of America, Citi, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo) agreed to a historic settlement with the federal government and 49 states.[106] The settlement, known as the National Mortgage Settlement (NMS), required the servicers to provide about $26 billion in relief to distressed homeowners and in direct payments to the states and federal government. This settlement amount makes the NMS the second largest civil settlement in U.S. history, only trailing the Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement.[107] The five banks were also required to comply with 305 new mortgage servicing standards. Oklahoma held out and agreed to settle with the banks separately.
On October 24, 2012, American federal prosecutors filed a $1 billion civil lawsuit against Bank of America for mortgage fraud under the False Claims Act, which provides for possible penalties of triple the damages suffered. The government asserted that Countrywide, which was acquired by Bank of America, rubber-stamped mortgage loans to risky borrowers and forced taxpayers to guarantee billions of bad loans through Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. The suit was filed by Preet Bharara, the United States attorney in Manhattan, the inspector general of FHFA and the special inspector for the Troubled Asset Relief Program.[108] In March 2014, Bank of America settled the suit by agreeing to pay $6.3 billion to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and to buy back around $3.2 billion worth of mortgage bonds.[109]
In April 2014, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) ordered Bank of America to provide and estimated $727 million in relief to consumers harmed by practices related to credit card add-on products. According to the Bureau, roughly 1.4 million customers were affected by deceptive marketing of add-on products and 1.9 million customers were illegally charged for credit monitoring and reporting services they were not receiving. The deceptive marketing misconduct involved telemarketing scripts containing misstatements and off-script sales pitches made by telemarketers that were misleading and omitted pertinent information. The unfair billing practices involved billing customers for privacy related products without having the authorization necessary to perform the credit monitoring and credit report retrieval services. As a result, the company billed customers for services they did not receive, unfairly charged consumers for interest and fees, illegally charged approximately 1.9 million accounts, and failed to provide the product benefit.[110]
A $7.5 million settlement was reached in April 2014 with former chief financial officer for Bank of America, Joe L. Price, over allegations that the bank's management withheld material information related to its 2008 merger with Merrill Lynch.[111] In August 2014, the United States Department of Justice and the bank agreed to a $16.65 billion agreement over the sale of risky, mortgage-backed securities before the Great Recession; the loans behind the securities were transferred to the company when it acquired banks such as Merrill Lynch and Countrywide in 2008.[112] As a whole, the three firms provided $965 billion of mortgage-backed securities from 2004–2008.[113] The settlement was structured to give $7 billion in consumer relief and $9.65 billion in penalty payments to the federal government and state governments; California, for instance, received $300 million to recompense public pension funds.[112][114] The settlement was the largest in United States history between a single company and the federal government.[115][116]
Controversies[edit]
Parmalat controversy[edit]
Parmalat SpA is a multinational Italian dairy and food corporation. Following Parmalat's 2003 bankruptcy, the company sued Bank of America for $10 billion, alleging the bank profited from its knowledge of Parmalat's financial difficulties. The parties announced a settlement in July 2009, resulting in Bank of America paying Parmalat $98.5 million in October 2009.[117][118] In a related case, on April 18, 2011, an Italian court acquitted Bank of America and three other large banks, along with their employees, of charges they assisted Parmalat in concealing its fraud, and of lacking sufficient internal controls to prevent such frauds. Prosecutors did not immediately say whether they would appeal the rulings. In Parma, the banks were still charged with covering up the fraud.[119]
Consumer credit controversies[edit]
In January 2008, Bank of America began notifying some customers without payment problems that their interest rates were more than doubled, up to 28%. The bank was criticized for raising rates on customers in good standing, and for declining to explain why it had done so.[120][121] In September 2009, a Bank of America credit card customer, Ann Minch, posted a video on YouTube criticizing the bank for raising her interest rate. After the video went viral, she was contacted by a Bank of America representative who lowered her rate. The story attracted national attention from television and internet commentators.[122][123][124] More recently, the bank has been criticized for allegedly seizing three properties that were not under their ownership, apparently due to incorrect addresses on their legal documents.[125]
WikiLeaks[edit]
In October 2009, WikiLeaks representative Julian Assange reported that his organization possessed a 5 gigabyte hard drive formerly used by a Bank of America executive and that Wikileaks intended to publish its contents.[126]
In November 2010, Forbes magazine published an interview with Assange in which he stated his intent to publish information which would turn a major U.S. bank "inside out".[127] In response to this announcement, Bank of America stock dropped 3.2%.[128]
In December 2010, Bank of America announced that it would no longer service requests to transfer funds to WikiLeaks,[129] stating that "Bank of America joins in the actions previously announced by MasterCard, PayPal, Visa Europe and others and will not process transactions of any type that we have reason to believe are intended for WikiLeaks... This decision is based upon our reasonable belief that WikiLeaks may be engaged in activities that are, among other things, inconsistent with our internal policies for processing payments."[130]
In late December it was announced that Bank of America had bought up more than 300 Internet domain names in an attempt to preempt bad publicity that might be forthcoming in the anticipated WikiLeaks release. The domain names included as BrianMoynihanBlows.com, BrianMoynihanSucks.com and similar names for other top executives of the bank.[131][132][133][134] Nick Baumann of Mother Jones ridiculed this effort, stating: "If I owned stock in Bank of America, this would not give me confidence that the bank is prepared for whatever Julian Assange is planning to throw at it."[135]
Sometime before August 2011, it is claimed by WikiLeaks that 5 GB of Bank of America leaks was part of the deletion of over 3500 communications by Daniel Domscheit-Berg, a now ex-WikiLeaks volunteer.[136][137]
Anonymous[edit]
On March 14, 2011, one or more members of the decentralized collective Anonymous began releasing emails it said were obtained from Bank of America. According to the group, the emails documented "corruption and fraud", and relate to the issue of improper foreclosures. The source, identified publicly as Brian Penny,[138] was a former LPI Specialist from Balboa Insurance, a firm which used to be owned by the bank, but was sold to Australian Reinsurance Company QBE.[139]
Mortgage business[edit]
The state of Arizona has investigated Bank of America for misleading homeowners who sought to modify their mortgage loans. According to the attorney general of Arizona, the bank "repeatedly has deceived" such mortgagors. In response to the investigation, the bank has given some modifications on the condition that the homeowners refrain from criticizing the bank.[140]
Accounts of Iranians frozen[edit]
In May 2014 many Iranian students in the U.S. and some American-Iranian citizens realized their accounts have been frozen by Bank of America.[141] Although Bank of America denied to reveal any information or reason regarding this, some Iranians believe that it is related to sanctions against Iran.[142] Betty Riess, a spokeswoman for Bank of America, told MintPress News via email, "We do not close accounts on the basis of nationality, nor do we close accounts without notice to customers."[143] However, account holders believe there could be a relationship between this action and their national origin.[144] Although most account holders say they did not receive any notification prior their accounts being frozen, Bank of America insists that they do not freeze any account without prior notification.[145] When it was reported that Bank of America was closing the accounts of Iranians living in the U.S. and Iranian-Americans, there was speculation that the bank did so on the basis of discriminatory ideology, since Bank of America did not give these individuals any reason why their accounts were being closed. The bank responded to these accusations, arguing that it was only following the rules put forth by the U.S. federal government regarding economic relations between the U.S. and Iran.[143]
Investment in mountaintop removal[edit]
Bank of America has been criticized for its heavy investment in the environmentally damaging processes of coal mining, especially through mountaintop removal (MTR).[146] On May 6, 2015, the company announced that it would "reduce [its] credit exposure ... to the coal mining industry," i.e. reduce its financing of companies engaging in MTR, coal mining, and coal power production. The company stated that pressure to divest from universities and environmental groups led to this policy change.[147]
Notable buildings[edit]




Bank of America Plaza, the tallest building in Atlanta






Bank of America Stadium, home to the Carolina Panthers of the NFL


Notable buildings which Bank of America currently occupies include:

Bank of America Tower in Phoenix, Arizona
Bank of America Center in Los Angeles
Transamerica Pyramid, in San Francisco
555 California Street, formerly the Bank of America Center and world headquarters, in San Francisco
Bank of America Plaza in Fort Lauderdale, Florida
Bank of America Tower in Jacksonville, Florida
Bank of America Tower in Miami, Florida
Bank of America Center in Orlando, Florida
Bank of America Tower in St. Petersburg, Florida
Bank of America Plaza in Tampa, Florida
Bank of America Plaza in Atlanta, Georgia
Bank of America Building, formerly the LaSalle Bank Building in Chicago, Illinois
One City Center, often called the Bank of America building due to signage rights, in Portland, Maine
Bank of America Building in Baltimore, Maryland
Bank of America Plaza in St Louis, Missouri
Bank of America Tower in Albuquerque, New Mexico
Bank of America Tower in New York City
Bank of America Corporate Center in Charlotte, North Carolina (the corporate headquarters)
Bank of America Plaza in Charlotte, North Carolina
Bank of America Plaza in Dallas, Texas
Bank of America Center in Houston, Texas
Bank of America Tower in Midland, Texas
Bank of America Plaza in San Antonio, Texas
Bank of America Fifth Avenue Plaza in Seattle, Washington
Columbia Center in Seattle, Washington
Bank of America Tower in Hong Kong
City Place I, also known as United Healthcare Center, in Hartford, Connecticut (the tallest building in Connecticut)
9454 Wilshire Boulevard in Beverly Hills, California

Former buildings[edit]
The Robert B. Atwood Building in Anchorage, Alaska was at one time named the Bank of America Center, renamed in conjunction with the bank's acquisition of building tenant Security Pacific Bank. This particular branch was later acquired by Alaska-based Northrim Bank and moved across the street to the Linny Pacillo Parking Garage.
The Bank of America Building (Providence) was opened in 1928 as the Industrial Trust Building. It was, and is, the tallest building in Rhode Island. Through a number of mergers it was later known as the Industrial National Bank building and the Fleet Bank building. The building was leased by Bank of America from 2004 to 2012 and has been vacant since March 2013. The building is commonly known as the Superman Building based on a popular belief that it was the model for the Daily Planet building in the Superman comic books.
See also[edit]


North Carolina portal
San Francisco Bay Area portal
Companies portal



List of members ATM Industry Association (ATMIA)
BAML Capital Partners
Bank of America (Asia)
Bank of America Canada
Calibuso, et al. v. Bank of America Corp., et al.
List of bank mergers in United States

References[edit]


^ a b "Bank of America". NNDB. Retrieved March 23, 2015. 
^ "Bank of America Corporation". Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved October 21, 2011. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r Bank of America 2016 Form 10-K Annual Report
^ Largest Banks in the United States
^ Forbes - The World’s Biggest Public Companies 2016 RANKING: Bank of America
^ a b Cohan, William D. (September 2009), "An offer he couldn't refuse", The Atlantic
^ Comoreanu, Alina (February 9, 2017). "Bank Market Share by Deposits and Assets". WalletHub. 
^ "Citigroup posts 4th straight loss; Merrill loss widens". USA Today. Associated Press. October 16, 2008. Retrieved December 17, 2009. 
^ Dash, Eric (August 23, 2007). "4 Major Banks Tap Fed for Financing". The New York Times. Retrieved December 17, 2009. 
^ B of A has operations (for example, Merrill Lynch offices), but no retail branches in Alabama, Alaska, Hawaii, Louisiana, Mississippi, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, Vermont, West Virginia, Wisconsin, or Wyoming. Bank of America Branches and ATMs Archived July 1, 2014, at the Wayback Machine.. Click "Browse locations by state." © 2014 Bank of America Corporation. Retrieved June 30, 2014.
^ "Bank Of America Corp". Intelligent Investor. Retrieved May 1, 2015. 
^ "Bank of America to Pay $16.65 Billion in Historic Justice Department Settlement for Financial Fraud Leading up to and During the Financial Crisis" (Press release). U.S. Department of Justice. August 21, 2014. 
^ "Who Made America? – Innovators – A.P. Giannini". PBS.org. Archived from the original on January 7, 2010. Retrieved December 17, 2009. 
^ "Amadeo Peter Giannini". Famous Entrepreneurs by Evan Carmichael. Retrieved August 25, 2014. 
^ Nation & World: Ripples from 1906 San Francisco quake felt even today Archived October 29, 2013, at the Wayback Machine.. The Seattle Times. Retrieved on August 25, 2013.
^ Fradkin, Philip L. (2005). The Great Earthquake and Firestorms of 1906: How San Francisco Nearly Destroyed Itself . pp. 97–99. ISBN 978-0-520-23060-6
^ Bank of America - Our Heritage: Loans on a Handshake. About.bankofamerica.com (April 18, 1906). Retrieved on 2013-08-25.
^ In 1918 the Bank of Italy Archived July 18, 2011, at the Wayback Machine. opened a Delegation in New York in order to follow American political, economic and financial affairs more closely; together with the London Delegation, this was the first permanent overseas office opened by the Bank, at a time when the foundations were being laid[by whom?] for the restructuring of the international money market.
^ "Statewide Expansion" pp. 34-38 In: Branch Banking California. Report for the U.S. Federal Reserve System. web version at: PDF version
^ Transamerica Corporation, a corporation of Delaware Archived August 30, 2009, at the Wayback Machine., has petitioned this court to review an order of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System entered against it under Section 11 of the Clayton Act, 15 U.S.C.A. § 21, to enforce compliance with Section 7 of the Act, 15 U.S.C.A. § 18.
^ "The History of Visa". Visa Inc. Archived from the original on November 3, 2007. Retrieved October 29, 2007. 
^ Matassa Flores, Michele (April 2, 1992). "Key Bank, West One Finalize Purchases". Seattle Times. Retrieved September 27, 2008. 
^ BA Securities, Inc. Changes to BancAmerica Securities, Inc.. Business Wire, January 16, 1997
^ BankAmerica Adds 4 Traders To Its High-Yield Bond Sector. American Banker, June 17, 1996
^ BankAmerica to Buy Robertson, Stephens Investment Company. New York Times, June 9, 1997
^ Kolman, Joe (1998). "Inside D. E. Shaw". Derivatives Strategy. Archived from the original on October 22, 2013. Retrieved June 22, 2013. 
^ Mulligan, Thomas S. (October 21, 1998). "BankAmerica's Coulter to Step Down Oct. 30". Los Angeles Times. 
^ Petruno, Tom (October 15, 1998). "Surprise BofA Losses Trigger Plunge in Stock". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved June 22, 2013. 
^ Martin, Mitchell (April 14, 1998). "Nations Bank Drives $62 Billion Merger: A New BankAmerica: Biggest of U.S. Banks". The New York Times. Retrieved June 5, 2014. 
^ Montgomery name disappears, as Banc of America Securities debuts. Investment Dealers' Digest, May 17, 1999
^ a b "US banking mega-merger unveiled". BBC News. October 27, 2003. 
^ "Bank of America To Buy U.S. Trust". Forbes. November 20, 2006. Archived from the original on October 12, 2007. Retrieved August 22, 2007. 
^ Tom, Henderson (April 14, 2008). "BOA to 'paint the town red' with LaSalle name change". Crain's Detroit Business. Crain Communications Inc. Archived from the original on June 5, 2008. Retrieved May 5, 2008. 
^ Fitzpatrick, Dan; Lublin, Joann S. (October 2, 2009). "Bank of America Chief Resigns Under Fire". The Wall Street Journal. Archived from the original on February 11, 2010. Retrieved March 29, 2010. 
^ La Monica, Paul R. (February 24, 2010). "BofA: No longer hated on Wall Street". The Buzz. CNNMoney.com. Archived from the original on February 25, 2010. Retrieved March 29, 2010. 
^ Salas, Caroline; Church, Steven (August 23, 2007). "Countrywide Gives Bank of America $447 million Gain". Bloomberg L.P. Archived from the original on October 9, 2007. Retrieved October 29, 2007. 
^ "Bank of America to buy Countrywide for $4 billion". Reuters (via Yahoo! News). January 11, 2008. Retrieved January 11, 2008. [dead link]
^ "Countrywide FBI Investigation". CNNMoney.com. March 10, 2008. Archived from the original on March 9, 2008. Retrieved March 10, 2008. 
^ Arena, Kelli (September 24, 2008), "FBI probing bailout firms", CNNMoney.com. Retrieved March 8, 2010.
^ Bauerlein, Valerie; Hagerty, James S. (January 12, 2008). "Behind Bank of America's Big Gamble". The Wall Street Journal. pp. A1, A5. Archived from the original on January 15, 2008. Retrieved January 15, 2008. 
^ "Countrywide Financial Corporation Thirteen Month Statistical Data for the period ended December 31, 2007". Archived from the original on January 13, 2008. Retrieved January 15, 2008. 
^ "BofA completes deal for Countrywide Financial". Associated Press. July 1, 2008. Archived from the original on August 4, 2008. Retrieved July 2, 2008. 
^ "Bank of America May Not Guarantee Countrywide's Debt". Bloomberg News. May 2, 2008. Archived from the original on January 22, 2009. Retrieved August 3, 2008. 
^ Isidore, Chris (December 21, 2011). "BofA settles unfair lending claims for $335 million". CNN. 
^ Zach Lowe (September 15, 2008). "Wachtell, Shearman, Cravath on Bank of America-Merrill Deal". Law.com. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ Popper, Margaret (September 14, 2008). "Bank of America Said to Walk Away From Lehman Talks (Update1)". Bloomberg. Archived from the original on June 13, 2010. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ Sorkin, Andrew Ross (September 15, 2008). "Lehman Files for Bankruptcy; Merrill Is Sold". The New York Times. Retrieved March 31, 2010. 
^ "Lehman Brothers files for Bankruptcy". BBC News. September 16, 2008. Archived from the original on January 22, 2009. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "AFP: Temasek could profit on Merrill takeover: economists". Google. September 15, 2008. Archived from the original on May 8, 2009. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ Lim, Kevin & Azhar, Saeed (May 22, 2009), "Singapore's Temasek defends costly Bank of America exit", Reuters, retrieved August 3, 2009
^ "Bank of America Completes Merrill Lynch Purchase". prnewswire.com for Bank of America. January 1, 2009. Archived from the original on February 15, 2009. 
^ Keoun, Bradley; Trowbridge, Poppy (December 18, 2008), "Bank of America Moves Chai; Berkery Said to Depart", Bloomberg L.P., archived from the original on October 14, 2007, retrieved November 17, 2009 
^ Farrell, Greg; Guerrera, Francesco (February 3, 2009), "BofA Asia head and Thain ally leaves", Financial Times, retrieved November 17, 2009 
^ Dash, Eric; Story, Louise (January 16, 2009). "Bank of America to Receive Additional $20 billion". The New York Times. Retrieved April 26, 2010. 
^ LOUISE STORY and JO BECKER (June 11, 2009). "Bank Chief Tells of U.S. Pressure to Buy Merrill Lynch". New York Times. Retrieved June 13, 2009. [dead link]
^ BARBARA BARRETT (June 10, 2009). "BofA documents, e-mails show pressure to buy Merrill Lynch". Miami Herald. Retrieved June 13, 2009. [dead link]
^ "Bank of America Buys Merrill Lynch Creating Unique Financial Services Firm" (Press release). Bank of America. September 15, 2008. [dead link]
^ "Debt overshadows US bank's profit". BBC News. April 20, 2009. Retrieved March 31, 2010. 
^ Mildenberg, David (October 5, 2009). "Merrill Bringing Down Lewis Gives Bank 30% Profits as 'a Steal'". Bloomberg. Archived from the original on May 25, 2010. Retrieved December 12, 2009. 
^ https://dealbook.nytimes.com/2012/09/28/bank-of-america-to-pay-2-43-billion-to-settle-class-action-over-merrill-deal/?_r=0
^ Patrick Rucker & Jonathan Stempel (January 16, 2009). "Bank of America gets big government bailout". Reuters. CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ Giannone, Joseph A. (February 5, 2009). "U.S. pushed Bank of America to complete Merrill buy: report". Reuters. Archived from the original on February 8, 2009. 
^ Ellis, David (February 11, 2009). "Bank CEOs flogged in Washington". CNNMoney.com. Retrieved March 31, 2010. 
^ Walsh, Mary Williams (March 15, 2009), "A.I.G. Lists Firms It Paid With Taxpayer Money", The New York Times. Retrieved March 31, 2009.
^ "US Regulators to B of A: Obey or Else", The Wall Street Journal, July 16, 2009
^ Bank of America to Repay Entire $45 billion in TARP to U.S. Taxpayers, PR Newswire, December 2, 2009
^ "Bank of America Completes US TARP Repayment". October 12, 2009. Archived from the original on May 23, 2012. Retrieved December 12, 2009. 
^ Kouwe, Zachery (August 3, 2009), "BofA Settles S.E.C. Suit Over Merrill Deal" DealBook blog, The New York Times, Retrieved August 3, 2009.
^ "Judge blocks Bank of America-SEC bonus settlement" by Jonathan Stempel, Reuters, 8/6/09. Retrieved 8/7/09.
^ Story, Louise (August 10, 2009), "Judge Attacks Merrill Pre-Merger Bonuses", The New York Times, (p. B1, August 11, 2009 NY ed.), retrieved August 11, 2009
^ a b "Judge Rejects Settlement Over Merrill Bonuses" by Louise Story, The New York Times, September 14, 2009. Retrieved September 14, 2009.
^ Glovin, David (February 22, 2010), "Bank of America $150 million SEC Accord Is Approved", Bloomberg.com, retrieved March 2, 2010
^ "Executive Compensation: How Much is Too Much?" Hearing, with statements, October 28, 2009. Retrieved October 30, 2011.
^ "Kucinich on new NY AG fraud charges against Bank of America and SEC settling charges against BofA for misleading shareholders" Press release, February 4, 2010. Retrieved March 2, 2010.
^ , "BoA fined $137 million for fraud", Washington Post, December 8, 2010
^ Selway, William, & Braun, Martin Z. (January 2011), "The Men who Rigged the Muni Market", Bloomberg Markets, pp. 79–84
^ "U.S. Sues Bank Of America Over Mortgage Loans To Fannie And Freddie". npr. October 24, 2012. 
^ "U.S. Accuses Bank of America of a ‘Brazen’ Mortgage Fraud". The New York Times/Dealbook. October 24, 2012.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Aruna Viswanatha and Christina Rexrode (May 23, 2016). "Bank of America Penalty Thrown Out in Crisis-Era ‘Hustle’ Case Appeals court says government didn’t prove case, bank doesn’t have to pay $1.27 billion". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved May 24, 2016. 
^ "Bank of America ending 30K more jobs". Philadelphia Business Journal. American City Business Journals. September 13, 2011. Archived from the original on September 15, 2011. Retrieved September 15, 2011. 
^ Badenhausen, Kurt (December 13, 2011). "Full List: America's Best And Worst Banks". Forbes.
^ "BofA speeds up plans to cut 16,000 jobs: WSJ". Yahoo News. Retrieved September 21, 2012. 
^ "Huntington Bank buys 13 branches to Flint-area, Monroe, Muskegon in $500 million deal". MLive.com. 
^ "Bank of America invests in China". BBC. June 17, 2005. Retrieved August 22, 2007. 
^ "ALB Asia – legal deals, law deals, law firm deals, lawyer deals". Legalbusinessonline.com.au. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ Son, Hugh; Tong, Stephanie (November 15, 2011). "Bank of America's Construction Bank Sale Lifts Capital, Reduces China Risk". Bloomberg. Retrieved June 10, 2012. 
^ Elzio Barreto, Denny Thomas and Peter Rudegeair (September 3, 2013). "Bank of America selling remaining stake in Chinese bank". Reuters. 
^ "Bank of America to pay nearly $17 bn to settle mortgage claims". Philadelphia Herald. August 21, 2014. Retrieved August 22, 2014. 
^ Meg Handley. "Mortgage Settlement: Do the Big Banks Owe You Money?". US News & World Report. Archived from the original on January 3, 2015. 
^ Mahany, Brian (January 5, 2015). "Whistleblowers Share Over $170M in Bank of America Settlement". MahanyLaw. MahanyLaw. Retrieved November 25, 2015. 
^ Community Bank official website
^ DOD Community Bank Branch and ATM locations
^ Community Bank Frequently Asked Questions
^ "Awards for Excellence 2007 Best Bank: Bank of America". Euromoney. July 13, 2007. Archived from the original on September 21, 2007. 
^ "Whoa! Bank of America cuts ties to ALEC". Teamsters. November 6, 2012. 
^ "Asia Pacific | Global Regions | Bank of America Merrill Lynch". Corp.bankofamerica.com. Archived from the original on July 21, 2009. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "Bank Vows $20 Billion for Green Projects". NBC News. Associated Press. February 6, 2008. 
^ Cui, Carolyn (November 30, 2007). "Credit Cards' Latest Pitch: Green Benefits". Wall Street Journal. 
^ O’Daniel, Adam; Boye, Will (May 10, 2011). "Credit Cards' Latest Pitch: Green Benefits". Charlotte Business Journal. 
^ Kowalczyk, Liz (March 10, 2007). "Bank to aid health centers". Boston Globe. 
^ Freer, Jim (March 9, 2007). "BofA donates $1M to Camillus House". South Florida Business Journal. 
^ "Bank of America Meeting $350 Billion Community Development Goals" (Press release). PRNewswire. June 20, 2002. 
^ "Beyond the Balance Sheet Social Scorecard". Forbes Magazine. December 13, 2004.  line feed character in |title= at position 26 (help)
^ Connelly, Eileen AJ (October 13, 2011). "Fitch may downgrade BofA, Morgan Stanley, Goldman". Seattle Post-Intelligencer. Associated Press. Archived from the original on December 8, 2011. Retrieved October 13, 2011. 
^ Savage, Charlie (December 21, 2011). "Countrywide Will Settle a Bias Suit". The New York Times. Retrieved November 19, 2011. 
^ "Joint State-Federal Mortgage Servicing Settlement FAQ". Retrieved June 15, 2015. 
^ New York Times, Mortgage Plan Gives Billions to Homeowners, but With Exceptions, February 9, 2012
^ Protess, Ben (October 24, 2012). "U.S. Accuses Bank of America of a 'Brazen' Mortgage Fraud". The New York Times. 
^ Son, Hugh (March 26, 2014). "BofA's Moynihan Delivers at Last on Vow to Boost Dividend". Bloomberg.com. Retrieved August 23, 2014. 
^ "CFPB Orders Bank Of America To Pay $727 Million In Consumer Relief For Illegal Credit Card Practices". Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Retrieved 8 June 2016. 
^ Abrams, Rachel (April 25, 2014). "Ex-Finance Chief at Bank of America to Pay $7.5 Million in Settlement". New York Times. Retrieved April 28, 2014. 
^ a b Puzzanghera, Jim (August 21, 2014). "Bank of America to Pay Record $16.65 Billion to Settle Mortgage Claims". Los Angeles Times. Tribune Company. 
^ "Holder to Announce Record Bank of America Settlement". CBS News. August 21, 2014. 
^ Roberts, Deon (August 20, 2014). "Bank of America's Nearly $17 Billion Settlement Could be Announced Thursday". The Charlotte Observer. The McClatchy Company. 
^ Corkery, Michael; Apuzzo, Matt (August 21, 2014). "Bank of America Reaches $16.65 Billion Mortgage Settlement". The New York Times. The New York Times Company. 
^ McCoy, Kevin; Johnson, Kevin (August 21, 2014). "Bank of America Agrees to Nearly $17B Settlement". USA Today. Gannett Company. 
^ "BofA settles with Parmalat for $100M". Charlotte Business Journal. July 28, 2009. Retrieved June 19, 2011. 
^ "Italy/US: Parmalat receives Bank of America settlement". Aroq Ltd. October 5, 2009. Retrieved June 19, 2011. 
^ Sylvers, Eric (April 18, 2011). "Judge Clears Banks in Parmalat Case". The New York Times. Retrieved June 19, 2011. 
^ Berner, Robert (February 7, 2008), A Credit Card You Want to Toss" Archived January 26, 2010, at the Wayback Machine., Bloomberg BusinessWeek. Retrieved March 1, 2010.
^ Palmer, Kimberly (February 28, 2008), Mortgage Woes Boost Credit Card Debt Archived May 5, 2010, at the Wayback Machine., U.S. News & World Report. Retrieved March 1, 2010.
^ Delaney, Arthur (September 21, 2009, updated November 21, 2009), "Ann Minch Triumphs In Credit Card Fight", The Huffington Post. Retrieved March 1, 2010.
^ Ferran, Lee (September 29, 2009), "Woman Boycotts Bank of America, Wins", Good Morning America, ABC News. Retrieved March 1, 2010.
^ Pepitone, Julianne (September 29, 2009), "YouTube credit card rant gets results". Retrieved March 1, 2010.
^ Gomstyn, Alice (January 25, 2010). "No Mortgage, Still Foreclosed? Bank of America Sued for Seizing Wrong Homes". ABC News. Archived from the original on January 28, 2010. Retrieved March 4, 2010. 
^ Nystedt, Dan (October 9, 2009). "Wikileaks plans to make the Web a leakier place". Computerworld. IDG. Archived from the original on December 17, 2010. Retrieved December 19, 2010. 
^ Andy Greenberg (November 29, 2010). "WikiLeaks’ Julian Assange Wants To Spill Your Corporate Secrets". Forbes. Retrieved December 19, 2010. 
^ "Bank Of America Shares Fall On WikiLeaks Fears". NPR. Associated Press. November 30, 2010. Retrieved December 19, 2010. 
^ Lundin, Leigh (February 20, 2011). "WikiLicks". Crime. Orlando: Criminal Brief. 
^ Schwartz, Nelson D. (December 18, 2010). "Bank of America Suspends Payments Made to WikiLeaks". The New York Times. Archived from the original on December 26, 2010. Retrieved December 19, 2010. 
^ "Bank of America Wants You to Know Its Executives Don’t Suck". Domain Name Wire. December 20, 2010. Archived from the original on January 15, 2011. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ Tiku, Nitasha (December 22, 2010). "Bank of America Prepares to Get WikiLeaked by Buying Up Negative Domain Names". New York. Archived from the original on December 28, 2010. Retrieved January 2, 2011. 
^ Kapne, Suzanne (December 23, 2010). "Hundreds of anti-BofA websites registered". Financial Times. Archived from the original on January 1, 2011. Retrieved January 2, 2011. 
^ Rothacker, Rick (December 23, 2010). "Bank of America buys up critical domain names". Charlotte Observer. Archived from the original on December 8, 2011. Retrieved January 2, 2011. 
^ Baumann, Nick (January 4, 2011) Bank of America's WikiLeaks Defense Fail, Mother Jones
^ "We can confirm that the DDB ...". August 21, 2011. 
^ "We can confirm that the DDB". August 21, 2011. 
^ Cynthia Koons, Dan Fitzpatrick (March 15, 2011). "Anonymous' Perplexing Leak of Bank of America Documents". Wall Street Journal. Dow Jones & Company, Inc. Retrieved March 1, 2012. 
^ "QBE Completes Acquisition of Balboa Insurance Co. Portfolio". Reuters. Reuters. June 1, 2011. Retrieved March 1, 2012. 
^ Garofalo, Pat (January 26, 2012). "Bank Of America's Offer To Homeowners: We’ll Modify Loans If You'll Erase All The Mean Things Said About Us On Twitter". ThinkProgress. Retrieved January 26, 2012. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on May 22, 2014. Retrieved 2014-05-21. 
^ "Why Is Bank of America Closing Iranian Students' Accounts? | Ryan Costello". Huffingtonpost.com. May 15, 2014. Retrieved August 23, 2014. 
^ a b Katie Rucke (May 23, 2014). "Are US Sanctions Against Iran Fostering Discriminatory Banking Practices Affecting Iranian-Americans?". Mintpressnews.com. Retrieved August 23, 2014. 
^ "Bank of america closing iranian accounts because they are from Iran". YouTube. May 16, 2014. Retrieved August 23, 2014. 
^ "ايران - BBC فارسی - نگرانی از 'بسته شدن حساب ایرانیان' در یک بانک آمریکایی". Bbc.co.uk. January 1, 1970. Retrieved August 23, 2014. 
^ Zach Carter (May 9, 2012). "CEO Defends Support for Mountaintop Removal Mining". Huffingtonpost.com. Retrieved September 29, 2015. 
^ Valerie Volcovici (May 6, 2015). "Bank of America's new policy to limit credit exposure to coal". businessinsider.com. Retrieved September 29, 2015. 


Further reading[edit]

Cohen, Lauren (2016). Bank of America Interview Tips. Los Angeles, CA: Smith-Westfield Press. 
Bonadio, Felice A. (1994). A.P. Giannini: Banker of America. Berkeley, CA: University of California Press. ISBN 0-520-08249-4. 
Hector, Gary (1988). Breaking the Bank: The Decline of BankAmerica. Boston: Little, Brown. ISBN 0-316-35392-2. 
James, Marquie; James, Bessie (1954). Biography of a Bank: The Story of Bank of America N.T.&S.A. New York: Harper and Brothers. 
Johnston, Moira (1990). Roller Coaster: The Bank of America and the Future of American Banking. New York: Ticknor & Fields. 
Josephson, Matthew (1972). The Money Lords: The Great Finance Capitalists, 1925–1950. New York: Weybright and Talley. 
Lampert, Hope (1986). Behind Closed Doors: Wheeling and Dealing in the Banking World. New York: Atheneum. 
Light, Larry (October 1, 2007). "Money for the Masses". Forbes. 
Monnette, Orra Eugene. Personal Papers Collection. Los Angeles, CA: Los Angeles Public Library. 
Nash, Gerald G. (1992). A.P. Giannini and the Bank of America. Norman, OK: University of Oklahoma Press. 
Yockey, Ross (1999). McColl: The Man with America's Money. Atlanta: Longstreet Press. 
Ahmed, Azam; Demirjian, Karoun (February 15, 2007). "Credit offered to illegal residents". Chicago Tribune. 
Taibbi, Matt (March 14, 2012). "Bank of America: Too Crooked to Fail". Rolling Stone. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Bank of America.



Official website
DOD Community Bank operated by Bank of America official website



Business data for Bank of America Corp: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Bank of America



Divisions



Bank of America Home Loans
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Merrill Lynch
U.S. Trust








Historical components



Banc of America Securities
Bank of America, Los Angeles
Bank of America NT&SA
Bank of Italy
Bank of New England
BankBoston
Barnett Bank
Baybank
Benj. Franklin Savings and Loan
Boatmen's Bancshares
Cassatt & Company
Central Bank and Trust
Citizens & Southern National Bank
Commercial National Bank
Continental Illinois
Countrywide Financial
E.A. Pierce & Co.
Farmers and Merchants Bank of Los Angeles
First Franklin
First Republic Bank Corporation
Fleet Bank
Fourth Financial Corporation
G. H. Walker & Co.
Gibraltar Savings and Loan
LaSalle Bank
Mercury Asset Management
MBNA/Maryland National Bank
Michigan National Bank
Montgomery Securities
NationsBank
North Carolina National Bank
Provident Institution for Savings
Rainier Bancorp
Robertson Stephens
Seafirst Bank
Security Pacific Bank
Shawmut Bank
Standard Federal Bank
Sovran Bank
Summit Bancorp
Suretrade
Western Savings and Loan
White Weld & Co.





Buildings



555 California Street (San Francisco)
701 Brickell Avenue
Albuquerque Plaza
American Security and Trust Company Building (Washington, D.C.)
Bank of America Building (Baltimore)
Bank of America Building (Midland)
Bank of America Building (Oakland)
Bank of America Center (Baltimore)
Bank of America Center (Houston)
Bank of America Center (Los Angeles)
Bank of America Center (Norfolk)
Bank of America Center (Tulsa)
Bank of America Corporate Center (Charlotte)
Bank of America Plaza (Atlanta)
Bank of America Plaza (Charlotte)
Bank of America Plaza (Chicago)
Bank of America Plaza (Dallas)
Bank of America Plaza (Fort Lauderdale)
Bank of America Plaza (St. Louis)
Bank of America Plaza (Tampa)
Bank of America Tower (Jacksonville)
Bank of America Tower (Manhattan)
Bank of America Tower (Phoenix)
Bank of America Tower (St. Petersburg)
Boulder Towers
Hearst Tower (Charlotte)
Miami Tower
Museum Tower








 Category
 Commons










Articles and topics related to Bank of America











v
t
e


Great Recession



By region



Africa
Americas

United States
South America


Asia
Europe
Oceania





United States-specific



Automotive industry crisis
California budget crisis
Housing bubble
Housing market correction
Subprime mortgage crisis





Banking losses and fraud



Anglo Irish Bank hidden loans controversy
Libor scandal

Tom Hayes


Société Générale trading loss
Forex scandal
Seán FitzPatrick
Bernard Madoff
Tom Petters
Scott W. Rothstein
Allen Stanford





Government entities



Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Home Loan Banks
Federal Housing Administration
Federal Housing Finance Agency
Federal Housing Finance Board
Federal Reserve System
Government National Mortgage Association
Irish Bank Resolution Corporation
National Asset Management Agency
Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight
Office of Financial Stability
UK Financial Investments










Government policy and spending responses



Banking and finance
stability and reform



Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Act 2009
Banking (Special Provisions) Act 2008
China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit
Commercial Paper Funding Facility
Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008
Irish emergency budget, 2009
Irish budget, 2010
Irish budget, 2011
Irish budget, 2012
Irish budget, 2013
Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program
Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility
Troubled Asset Relief Program
2008 United Kingdom bank rescue package




Bank stress tests



EU
U.S.








Stimulus and recovery



2008 European Union stimulus plan
2008–09 Keynesian resurgence
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Chinese economic stimulus program
Economic Stimulus Act of 2008
Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009
Green New Deal
Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008
National fiscal policy response to the Great Recession
Zero interest-rate policy





Government interventions,
rescues, and acquisitions



List of banks acquired or bankrupted during the Great Recession




Non-banking



Chrysler
General Motors











Securities involved
and financial markets



Auction rate securities
Collateralized debt obligations
Collateralized mortgage obligations
Credit default swaps
Mortgage-backed securities
Secondary mortgage market





Social responses



Tea Party protests (United States; c. 2009)
May Day protests (Europe, Middle East and North Africa, Asia; 2009)
Occupy movement (worldwide)





Related topics



2000s energy crisis

Central Asia: 2008


Effects on museums
Decline of newspapers
World food price crisis








European debt crisis
Financial crisis of 2007–08
List of countries by public debt












v
t
e


50 largest banks and bank holding companies in the United States






Ally
American Express
Bank of America
Bank of New York Mellon
Barclays*
BB&T
BBVA*
BMO*
BNP Paribas*
Capital One
Charles Schwab
CIT
Citigroup
Citizens
Comerica
Credit Suisse*
Deutsche Bank*
Discover
E-Trade
Fifth Third
Goldman Sachs
HSBC*
Huntington
JPMorgan Chase
KeyBank
M&T
Mizuho*
Morgan Stanley
MUFG Union Bank*
Mutual of Omaha
New York Community
Northern Trust
People's United
PNC
Popular
Royal Bank of Canada*
Regions
Banco Santander*
State Farm
State Street
SunTrust
SVB
Synchrony
Toronto Dominion*
TIAA
U.S. Bancorp
UBS*
USAA
Wells Fargo
Zions








* indicates the U.S. subsidiary of a non-U.S. bank. Inclusion on this list is based on U.S. assets only, and is current as of March 31, 2017.












v
t
e


 Members of Euro Banking Association



Austria



Allgemeine Sparkasse Oberosterreich
Bank für Tirol und Vorarlberg AG
BKS Bank AG
Erste Group Bank AG
Oberbank AG
Oesterreichische Nationalbank
Raiffeisen Bank International AG
Raiffeisenlandesbank Oberösterreich AG
Raiffeisen-Landesbank Tirol AG
Steiermärkische Bank und Sparkassen AG





Belgium



Dexia Bank NV
KBC Bank NV
Bank van De Post





Cyprus



Bank of Cyprus
Hellenic Bank





Denmark



Amagerbanken A/S
Arbejdernes Landsbank A/S
Danske Andelskassers Bank A/S
Danske Bank A/S
DiBa Bank A/S
Djurslands Bank A/S
Jyske Bank A/S
Nordjyske Bank A/S
Nørresundby Bank
Østjydsk Bank A/S
Ringkøbing Landbobank
Roskilde Bank A/S
Skjern Bank
Spar Nord Bank
Sparekassen Sjælland
Sydbank A/S
Vestfyns Bank A/S
Vestjysk Bank





Finland



Aktia Bank PLC
Bank of Åland PLC
Pohjola Bank PLC
S-Bank LTD.
Tapiola Bank LTD





France



Banque Michel Inchauspé - BAMI
Banque Palatine
BNP Paribas SA
BPCE
BRED Banque Populaire
Crédit Agricole SA
Crédit Coopératif
Crédit du Nord
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa
Credit Mutuel CIC Banque
HSBC France
La Banque postale
Natixis
Société Générale





Germany



Berenberg Bank
BHF Bank
Bremer Landesbank
Commerzbank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bundesbank
Deutsche Postbank
DZ Bank AG
Europe Arab Bank Frankfurt
Hamburger Sparkasse AG
J.P. Morgan Chase Bank AG
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg
Landesbank Berlin Holding
Landesbank Hessen-Thüringen
Oldenburgische Landesbank
SECB Swiss EURO CLEARING Bank GmbH
The Bank of New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch
VTB Bank (Deutschland) AG





Greece



Alpha Bank SA
Eurobank Ergasias SA
National Bank of Greece SA
Piraeus Bank SA





Hungary



Budapest Bank
CIB Bank
Erste Bank
FHB Mortgage Bank
Hanwha Bank
Hungarian Development Bank
Hungarian National Bank
K&H Bank
MagNet Bank
MKB Bank
OTP Bank
Raiffeisen Bank
Sberbank Europe Group
TakarékBank
UniCredit





Ireland



Allied Irish Banks
Bank of Ireland





Italy



Banca del Fucino
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena
Banca Nazionale del Lavoro
Banca Popolare del Lazio
Banca Popolare di Sondrio
Banca Sella
Banco BPM
BPER Banca
Cassa di Risparmio di Cesena
Cassa di Risparmio di Fermo
Cassa di Risparmio di Ravenna

Banca di Imola


Credito Emiliano
Credito Valtellinese
ICCREA Banca
Intesa Sanpaolo
Istituto Centrale delle Banche Popolari Italiane
Raiffeisen Landesbank Südtirol
UBI Banca
UniCredit





Luxembourg



Banque et Caisse d'Épargne de l'État
Banque Raiffeisen
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA
KBL European Private Bankers
Société Générale Bank & Trust





Netherlands



ABN Amro Bank NV
De Nederlandsche Bank
ING Bank NV
Rabobank Nederland





Poland



Bank BPH SA
Narodowy Bank Polski





Portugal



Banco BPI SA
Banco Comercial Português
Crédito Agrícola
Caixa Geral de Depósitos
Novo Banco





Slovenia



Banka Slovenije





Spain



Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.
Banco Popular Español, S.A.
Banco Sabadell, S.A.
Bankinter, S.A.
Banco Santander, S.A.
CaixaBank, S.A. (La Caixa)
Catalunya Banc, S.A. (CatalunyaCaixa)
Kutxabank, S.A.
ABANCA Corporación Bancaria, S.A. (Abanca)
Caja Laboral Popular, Cooperativa de Crédito (Caja Laboral)
Banco Cooperativo Español, S.A. (Caja Rural)
CECABANK, S.A.





Sweden



Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken
Svenska Handelsbanken
Swedbank AB
Nordea Bank AB





United Kingdom



Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ Ltd.
Barclays Bank PLC
Citibank NA
DNB Bank (NOR)
HSBC Bank PLC
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., London Branch
Kookmin Bank International Ltd.
Lloyds Bank PLC
MashreqBank psc (UAE)
Royal Bank of Scotland PLC
UBS AG
Wells Fargo Bank NA





Non-EU



Bank of China (CHN)














Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 155048466
ISNI: 0000 0001 0373 6759
GND: 19010-X










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Bank_of_America&oldid=791181109"					
Categories: Bank of America1904 establishments in CaliforniaBanks based in North CarolinaBanks established in 1904Global Systemically Important BanksBank of America legacy banksCompanies based in Charlotte, North CarolinaCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFinancial services companies of the United StatesFormer components of the Dow Jones Industrial AverageMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesOnline brokeragesPrimary dealersHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from December 2016All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2016Articles with dead external links from June 2017Articles with dead external links from September 2010CS1 maint: Uses authors parameterPages using citations with accessdate and no URLCS1 errors: invisible charactersUse mdy dates from November 2015Use American English from January 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishPages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from August 2014Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةБеларускаяCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Հայերենहिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаLatviešuLietuviųМакедонскиमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSuomiSvenskaไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng ViệtWinaray粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 17:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
