


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Open a Premier High Yield Savings Account | CIT Bank















































CIT Bank Logo
CIT Bank




Member FDIC

Member FDIC Logo
CIT Bank is a member of FDIC








Sign in to Online Banking
Please enter your Online Banking ID



Remember Me


Enroll in Online Banking


Sign in to Another Account
Home Loan Sign in





Set Your Sights HighOpen a Premier High Yield Savings Account!
1.30APY1on balances up to $100,000


+


100cash bonus 2



That's more than 20x the national average!3
Get StartedPromotion code: PREMIER must be entered at account opening





$100 Minimum Opening Deposit
No Fees to Open or Maintain
Daily Compounding Interest
24/7 Secure Online Banking
US-based Customer Service
FDIC Insured





Account Balance Tiers
TOTAL Balance APY*


$0 - $100,000
1.30%


$100,000.01 and more
1.25%



*Interest will be paid on the entire account balance based on the interest rate and APY in effect that day for the balance tier associated with the end-of-day account balance.
Important: See our FAQs below for tips on how to ensure your account Earns our top Premier High Yield Savings APY.


Bonus Details

Account must be opened with Promotional Code "PREMIER" by September 8, 2017
Account must be funded within 30 days of account opening
Funds used to qualify for bonus must be new funds, not already or recently on deposit with CIT Bank or OneWest Bank
Must maintain a minimum $15,000 monthly balance for the first 3 full monthly statement cycles.
Limit one Premier High Yield Savings account bonus offer per customer. If multiple accounts are opened by a customer, only one account will be eligible for the bonus.
Customers who received a CIT Bank bonus payment or enrolled in another CIT Bank bonus offer between January 1, 2017 and July 14, 2017 (regardless of whether the bonus has yet been paid) are not eligible for this Premier High Yield Savings account bonus offer.

See below for full details.





Your Money Grows Faster with CIT Bank4




How do I open my Premier High Yield Savings Account?
It's easy and fast. Get started by going to our Open a CIT Bank Account page. Then follow the easy steps to complete your application. Have the following information handy:

Social Security number
Driver's license or other valid state identification
A check or your bank routing and account numbers from the account you'll be using to fund your new CIT Bank Premier High Yield Savings Account
Names and personal details (Social Security number, valid ID) of any joint account holders and/or designated beneficiaries


Premier High Yield Savings Account FAQs
I noticed that the APY will be lower if my balance exceeds $100,000.  How can I ensure I get and maintain the top APY offered on my Premier High Yield Savings Account?
The Premier High Yield Savings account features exceptional interest rates, and our top APY is reserved for savers with balances no greater than $100,000.  Once the balance rises above $100,000, the APY will decline.   To get and maintain the top APY offered (currently 1.30%), keep your balance (and this includes deposits AND interest) below $100,000.  If your balance exceeds $100,000 your APY will decline to 1.25%, based on current rates.  The Premier High Yield Savings Account is a variable rate account and the interest rates may change without notice.
What can I do to set an alert on my account to notify me of my balance level?
After you open an account, you'll receive an email with simple instructions on how to create an alert  that will notify you when your balance reaches a set level.  It's fast and easy to set up.




1 APY  -  Annual Percentage Yields (APYs) are accurate as of July 7, 2017: 1.30% APY on balances of $100,000 or less; 1.25% APY on balances greater than $100,000. Interest is paid on the entire account balance based on the interest rate and APY in effect that day for the balance tier associated with the end-of-day account balance. For example: A balance of $95,000 will earn 1.30% APY, and a balance of $105,000 will earn 1.25% APY. Minimum opening deposit is $100. Interest rates for the Premier High Yield Savings account are variable and may change at any time without prior notice.
2 Limited-time bonus offer.  The bonus offer of $100 is valid on Premier High Yield Savings accounts opened using promotional code PREMIER between July 7, 2017 and September 8, 2017, provided that all of the following requirements are met, and subject to the additional limitations shown below:

The account must be funded within 30 calendar days from the account opening date.
A Monthly Balance of at least $15,000 must be maintained for the first three full statement cycles.  A full statement cycle is defined as beginning the first day of a month and ending the last day of that same month.  For example, if an account were opened on July 10, 2017, the first full statement cycle would be for the period of August 1 through August 31, 2017; the July statement cycle would be excluded because it covers only part of the month. For bonus purposes, the Monthly Balance for each full statement cycle is calculated as follows: at the end of each day, the Premier High Yield Savings account balance is recorded.  When the statement cycle ends, these end-of-day balances are added together and then divided by the number of days in the statement cycle to determine the Monthly Balance.  
All funds used to qualify for bonus eligibility must be new funds.  Funds on deposit with CIT Bank, N.A. or its OneWest Bank division at any time during the 90 days preceding account opening are ineligible and will not be included in the calculation of the Monthly Balance.
The account must remain open and in good standing at the time of the bonus payment or the bonus will be forfeited.  

Additional bonus limitations:Limit one Premier High Yield Savings account bonus offer per customer.  If multiple accounts are opened by a customer, only one account will be eligible for the bonus. 
Customers who received a CIT Bank bonus payment or enrolled in another CIT Bank bonus offer between January 1, 2017 and July 14, 2017 (regardless of whether the bonus has yet been paid) are not eligible for this Premier High Yield Savings account bonus offer.
A $100 bonus will be deposited to the Premier High Yield Savings account of the qualified customer within 45 days of the end of the third full statement cycle following account opening.  For example, a customer who qualified for the bonus on a Premier High Yield Savings account opened on July 10, 2017, would receive a statement credit of $100 no later than December 15, 2017.
The bonus payment is reported as interest earned on IRS Form 1099-INT for the calendar year in which it was paid.  Recipient is responsible for any applicable taxes.
3 National average annual percentage yield (APY) on savings accounts as published in the FDIC Weekly National Rates and Rate Caps, accurate as of as of July 7, 2017.
4 Comparison Bank APYs - Annual Percentage Yield for each bank's Savings Account is accurate as of July 7, 2017. Info taken directly from bank websites. CIT Bank, Bank of America, Wells Fargo, Chase
5 For more information, visit https://bankoncit.com/awards/







External link disclaimer

      CIT Bank has no control over information at any site hyperlinked to or from this Site. CIT Bank makes no representation concerning and is not responsible for the quality, content, nature, or reliability of any hyperlinked site and is providing this hyperlink to you only as a convenience. The inclusion of any hyperlink does not imply any endorsement, investigation, verification, or monitoring by CIT Bank of any information in any hyperlinked site. In no event shall CIT Bank be responsible for your use of a hyperlinked site.
    

Go back
Continue


×



Email disclaimer

      Notice: Because there is a risk that information transmitted via Internet email could fall into the wrong hands, CIT Bank suggests that confidential information, such as account numbers or social security numbers, not be transmitted via email. Instead, please contact CIT Bank directly at 855-462-2652. Thank you.
    

Go back
Send Email


×






 855-462-2652



STEP 1 - After you click "Continue", the next page will open and prompt you to enter your User ID. Your User ID is the same as your previous Online Banking ID, but entered in all lowercase letters.


          Previous Online Banking ID: 
New User ID: 

STEP 2 - Follow the instructions on the screen to get your one-time security code. (If your mobile or home telephone number is not listed as an option, you will need to contact us at 855-462-2652 to add it to your online banking profile in order for you to continue.)STEP 3 - In order to sign in the first time, you will be required to enter your temporary password, which is Monday@ followed by the last 3 digits of your Social Security number.


For example:
          - If your Social Security number is 123-45-6789
          - Then your temporary password will be Monday@789

STEP 4 - Finally, you must reset your password to finish. Follow the instructions after signing in.

Download instructions
                 
          


×



RampUp™ Plus CD Video














PausePlayMuteUnmute


×



CD Laddering Video














PausePlayMuteUnmute


×



Disclosures
5/1 Adjustable-Rate MortgageThe 5/1 Adjustable-Rate Mortgage is a 30-year mortgage, with fully amortizing principal and interest payments and an initial 5-year fixed rate period. After the 5-year fixed period, the payments, interest rate and annual percentage rate may increase or decrease.EXAMPLE: a $2,000,000 loan with a loan-to-value ratio of 75% and an applicant FICO score of 720 or above, for a purchase transaction of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California. At the advertised rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the total closing costs of , the monthly payment would be  for the first 60 months. Beginning at month 61, assuming a new interest rate of %, the new payment would be  until the next annual change date. The rate and payment may change annually based on changes to the index value.Important DisclosuresThe above example for payments beginning at month 61 was calculated using the 1 Year LIBOR index rate of %, a margin of %, and assumes that the 1 Year LIBOR index remains unchanged for the life of the loan. Rates, points and LIBOR index are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Advertised initial rate for months 1-60 includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for property taxes and insurance premiums and as a result your actual obligation will be greater. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown and are subject to review of credit and collateral. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.With interest-only loans, your required payment will increase over time. Your loan balance will not decrease unless you pay more than the required interest-only payment during the initial stages of repayment.For the following examples, the interest rate and annual percentage rate were calculated using a sample loan of $417,000 based on the loan term indicated and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the purchase of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 740 or above.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Rates include the CIT Bank Relationship Discount is 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The rates displayed require the establishment of an escrow account upon closing. Rates and terms subject to change without notice. Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.30-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.For the following examples, the interest rates and annual percentage rates were calculated using a sample loan of $2,000,000 and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the purchase of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 720 or above.Advertised rates includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown and are subject to review of credit and collateral. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.Fully Amortizing and Interest-Only Adjustable-Rate MortgagesCIT Bank offers adjustable-rate mortgages with 30 year loan terms and initial fixed-rate periods of 5, 7 or 10 years. Any of these loan types can be fully amortizing with monthly payments of principal and interest which will fully repay the loan by its maturity date, or they can have monthly payments of interest-only which will not repay any principal during the interest-only period of 120 months (10 years), after which the loan has fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the remaining 20 years of the term. For all of these products, after the initial fixed-rate period the interest rate and monthly payments are subject to change annually based on changes to the Index.The examples shown below were calculated using the 1 Year LIBOR index (the average of the Interbank offered rates for one-year, U.S. dollar-denominated deposits in the London market as published in the Wall Street Journal) rate of %, a margin of %, and assumes that the 1 Year LIBOR index remains unchanged for the life of the loan. Rates, points and LIBOR index are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Type of MortgageFixed PeriodAdjustable Period1 APRPointsClosing CostsInitial RateInitial (Principal and Interest) PaymentFully Indexed Rate rounded to the nearest 1/8%Monthly (Principal and Interest) Payment5/1 LIBOR ARM Fully Amortizing%%% for 60 months for 60 months% for months 61 - 360 for months 61 - 3605/1 LIBOR ARM Interest-Only%%% for 60 months for 60 months% for months 61 - 360 for months 61 - 360 for months 121 - 3607/1 LIBOR ARM Fully Amortizing%%% for 84 months for 84 months% for months 85 - 360 for months 85 - 3607/1 LIBOR ARM Interest-Only%%% for 84 months for 84 months% for months 85 - 360 for months 85 - 120 for months 121 - 36010/1 LIBOR ARM Fully Amortizing%%% for 120 months for 120 months% for months 121 - 360 for months 121 - 36010/1 LIBOR ARM Interest-Only%%% for 120 months for 120 months% for months 121 - 360 for months 121 - 3601The disclosed rate and payment apply at the end of the fixed-rate period and are subject to change annually thereafter.For the following examples, the interest rate and annual percentage rate were calculated using a sample loan of $417,000 based on the loan term indicated and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the purchase of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 740 or above.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Rates include the CIT Bank Relationship Discount is 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The rates displayed require the establishment of an escrow account upon closing. Rates and terms subject to change without notice. Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.Conforming Fixed-Rate Mortgages30-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.25-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 25-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.20-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 20-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.15-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 15-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.10-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 10-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Jumbo Fixed-Rate MortgagesAdvertised rates includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.15 Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 15-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % with % points and closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), a loan of $2,000,000 would have an APR of % and a monthly payment of . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.30 Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % with % points and closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), a loan of $2,000,000 would have an APR of % and a monthly payment of . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.5/1 Adjustable-Rate MortgageThe 5/1 Adjustable-Rate Mortgage is a 30-year mortgage, with fully amortizing principal and interest payments and an initial 5-year fixed rate period. After the 5-year fixed period, the interest rate and payments will fluctuate for the remainder of the loan term. During this time, payments, interest rate and annual percentage rate may increase or decrease. Payments are fully amortized.EXAMPLE: a $2,000,000 loan for a refinance transaction of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California with a minimum FICO score of 720, at the advertised rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the total closing costs of , would have a monthly payment of  for the first 60 months. Beginning at month 61, the rate would change. Assuming a new interest rate of %, the new payment would be  and is subject to change annually based on changes to the index value.DisclosuresThe above example was calculated using the 1 Year LIBOR index rate of %, a margin of %, and assumes that the 1 Year LIBOR index remains unchanged for the life of the loan. Rates, points and LIBOR index are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Advertised initial rate for months 1-60 includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for property taxes and insurance premiums and as a result your actual obligation will be greater. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown and are subject to review of credit and collateral. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.With interest-only loans, your required payment will increase over time. Your loan balance will not decrease unless you pay more than the required interest-only payment during the initial stages of repayment.For the following examples, the interest rate and annual percentage rate were calculated using a sample loan of $417,000 based on the loan term indicated and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the refinance of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 740 or above.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Rates include the CIT Bank Relationship Discount is 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The rates displayed require the establishment of an escrow account upon closing. Rates and terms subject to change without notice. Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.30-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.The examples shown below were calculated using the 1 Year LIBOR index (the average of the Interbank offered rates for one-year, U.S. dollar-denominated deposits in the London market as published in the Wall Street Journal) rate of %, a margin of %, and assumes that the 1 Year LIBOR index remains unchanged for the life of the loan. Rates, points and LIBOR index are as of  and are subject to change without notice.The interest rates and annual percentage rates were calculated using a sample loan of $2,000,000 and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the refinance of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 720 or above.Advertised rates includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown and are subject to review of credit and collateral. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.Fully Amortizing and Interest-Only Adjustable-Rate MortgagesCIT Bank offers adjustable-rate mortgages with 30 year loan terms and initial fixed-rate periods of 5, 7 or 10 years. Any of these loan types can be fully amortizing with monthly payments of principal and interest which will fully repay the loan by its maturity date, or they can have monthly payments of interest-only which will not repay any principal during the interest-only period of 120 months (10 years), after which the loan has fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the remaining 20 years of the term. For all of these products, after the initial fixed-rate period the interest rate and monthly payments are subject to change annually based on changes to the Index.The examples shown below were calculated using the 1 Year LIBOR index (the average of the Interbank offered rates for one-year, U.S. dollar-denominated deposits in the London market as published in the Wall Street Journal) rate of %, a margin of %, and assumes that the 1 Year LIBOR index remains unchanged for the life of the loan. Rates, points and LIBOR index are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Type of MortgageFixed PeriodAdjustable Period1 APRPointsClosing CostsInitial RateInitial (Principal and Interest) PaymentFully Indexed Rate rounded to the nearest 1/8%Monthly (Principal and Interest) Payment5/1 LIBOR ARMFully Amortizing%%% for 60 months for 60 months% for months 61 - 360 for months 61 - 3605/1 LIBOR ARMInterest-Only%%% for 60 months for 60 months% for months 61 - 360 for months 61 - 360 for months 121 - 3607/1 LIBOR ARMFully Amortizing%%% for 84 months for 84 months% for months 85 - 360 for months 85 - 3607/1 LIBOR ARMInterest-Only%%% for 84 months for 84 months% for months 85 - 120 for months 85 - 120 for months 121 - 36010/1 LIBOR ARMFully Amortizing%%% for 120 months for 120 months% for months 121 - 360 for months 121 - 36010/1 LIBOR ARMInterest-Only%%% for 120 months for 120 months% for months 121 - 360 for months 121 - 3601The disclosed rate and payment apply at the end of the fixed-rate period and are subject to change annually thereafter.For the following examples, the interest rate and annual percentage rate were calculated using a sample loan of $417,000 based on the loan term indicated and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the refinance of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 740 or above.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Rates include the CIT Bank Relationship Discount is 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The rates displayed require the establishment of an escrow account upon closing. Rates and terms subject to change without notice. Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.Conforming Fixed-Rate Mortgages30-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.25-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 25-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.20-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 20-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.15-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 15-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.10-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 10-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Jumbo Fixed-Rate MortgagesAdvertised rates includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.15 Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 15-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % with % points and closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), a loan of $2,000,000 would have an APR of % and a monthly payment of . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.30 Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % with % points and closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), a loan of $2,000,000 would have an APR of % and a monthly payment of . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.

×





Selected products ()

Compare selections
View all products
Open an account







Remove all
|
Hide comparison






Product
APY**
Minimum balances
Available as IRA
Available as Custodial




Close chart








APY**






Minimum balances






Available as IRA






Available as Custodial










                Securely sending your request.









































 


                Maximum reached
                ×


                No more than 10 items can be selected at a time.
            



                Confirm account type for each product.
                ×










Cancel
Submit








Home Page | Barclays




























 


Open an account
Log in



					Call
        			888-710-8756

7 days a week, 8am to 8pm ET
Increase text size











Reach your savings goals with Barclays Online Banking

Learn more










Online Savings
An award-winning account with great rates, no minimum balances to open or monthly maintenance fees

Start saving


Online CDs
Terms and rates that’ll get you on the steady path to savings

See CD terms






 (opens pop up)




×Close

Tour our NEW account management website. Now you can to access your account from your smartphone, tablet or computer. Plus, make deposits remotely!




Saving Tip:
		Set up automatic deposits to help you save money regularly.
	



Savings Tip
		Save at least 10% of each paycheck for your future.
	



Savings Tip
		Educate yourself and begin a savings strategy you can follow.
	





We're here to help
Access your account online 24/7, call us 7 days a week,
8 AM to 8 PM ET at 888-710-8756, or check out our FAQs





 



















Online Savings | Barclays




























 


Open an account
Log in



					Call
        			888-710-8756

7 days a week, 8am to 8pm ET
Increase text size








 


Online Savings Account
An award-winning account with rates 15x the national average1


X.XX
%
APY2



Open an account







With our online savings account, you’ll enjoy:



			No monthly maintenance fees
		


			No minimum balances to open
		


			Tools to help you save
		


Our rates are consistently some of the very highest in the nation, plus you’ll also get these great features:

Secure, 24/7 online access to your funds
Online transfers to and from other banks
Direct deposit to make saving simple and easy




Savings Assistant


Whatever you’re saving for, we can help get you there.

Set a savings goal







 


















		Barclays
		
	















































Online Banking
Skip to Main Content






  


888-720-8756 |7 days a week, 8am to 8pm ET













Skip to Main Content















Welcome to Barclays Online Banking











1

Get started (current)





2

Create account (current)





3

Set up your account (current)





4

Link bank account (current)





5

Accept terms (current)






Please enable JavaScript in your browser.










Let's get started with your contact information.  

First name  (required) 
Last name  (required) 
Email address  (required) 
Confirm email address  (required) 
Primary phone number  (required) 

Mobile
Other






Already started an application? 


Already have an account? Log in now.





























Online CDs Page | Barclays




























 


Open an account
Log in



					Call
        			888-710-8756

7 days a week, 8am to 8pm ET
Increase text size








 


Online CDs
A reliable and secure way to see your money grow.


X.XX
%
APY1



Open an account







Our CD Rates


Term
Interest Rate
APY



Online CDs are all reward
Our CDs offer the stability of a fixed-rate annual percentage yield (APY) and FDIC insurance. Plus, you’ll also get:

Interest that compounds daily
No hidden monthly fees or minimum balances to open
Easy fund transfers





CD Calculator

Pick your term and deposit amount and see how the savings can add up.2
Start calculating

Get flexibility with a CD Ladder

CD laddering lets you maximize your earnings, while freeing up some of your investment each year as CDs mature. You decide to either reinvest or cash out your CD.2
Start laddering







 














 




iPath Exchange-Traded Notes (ETNs)






















English





















Products




Products





Equity

Equity Volatility ETNs
Leveraged ETNs
International Equity ETNs
Equity Strategy ETNs
View all Equity ETNs




Commodities

Broad Commodity ETNs
Sector Commodity ETNs
Single Commodity ETNs
View all Commodity ETNs




Currencies

Single Currency ETNs
Multi-Currency ETNs
View all Currency ETNs




Fixed Income

US Treasury Steepener ETNs
US Treasury Flattener ETNs
US Treasury Bull ETNs
US Treasury Bear ETNs
View all Fixed Income ETNs




Alternatives

iPath® Global Carbon ETN
iPath® S&P MLP ETN
View all Alternative ETNs









Product Suites




Product Suites





Equity ETNs

Learn about Equity ETNs




Commodity ETNs

Learn about Commodity ETNs




Currency ETNs

Learn about Currency ETNs




Fixed Income ETNs

Learn about Fixed Income ETNs




Alternative ETNs

Learn about Alternative ETNs









About iPath ETNs




About iPath ETNs





Understanding ETNs

Begin learning the fundamentals




Investing in iPath ETNs

Learn about investing in iPath ETNs




Trading and Redemption

Learn about Trading and redemption




Premiums and Discounts

Learn about premiums and discounts




Tax Considerations

Learn about tax considerations









About Us




About Us





About Us

About Us




iPath Announcements

View Press Releases




Contact Us

Contact Us






















								Product Listing









				Quick links

View All Products
Contact Us







Search

















Product Summary




iPath® S&P 500 VIX Short-Term FuturesTM ETN 






The  iPath® S&P 500 VIX Short-Term FuturesTM ETNs (the "ETNs") are designed to provide exposure to the S&P 500 VIX  Short-Term FuturesTM Index  Total Return (the "Index").  The ETNs are  riskier than ordinary unsecured debt securities and have no principal  protection.  The ETNs are unsecured debt  obligations of the issuer, Barclays Bank PLC, and are not, either directly or  indirectly, an obligation of or guaranteed by any third party.  Any payment to be made on the ETNs, including  any payment at maturity or upon redemption, depends on the ability of Barclays  Bank PLC to satisfy its obligations as they come due.  An investment in the ETNs involves  significant risks, including possible loss of principal and may not be suitable  for all investors. 
The Index is designed to provide access to equity  market volatility through CBOE Volatility Index® (the "VIX Index")  futures. The Index offers exposure to a daily  rolling long position in the first and second month VIX futures contracts and  reflects market participants’ views of the future direction of the VIX index at  the time of expiration of the VIX futures contracts comprising the Index. Owning the ETNs is not the same as owning interests in the index components  included in the Index or a security directly linked to the performance of the  Index.For additional information regarding the risks  associated with the ETNs, please see "Selected Risk Considerations" below. 










Summary




Primary Exchange


						NYSE Arca



ETN Ticker


						VXX



Intraday Indicative Value Ticker


						VXX.IV1



Bloomberg ETN Keystroke


						VXX<EQUITY><GO>



Bloomberg Index Ticker


						SPVXSTR



Investor Fee Rate


						0.89% per annum2



CUSIP


						06740Q252



ISIN


						US06740Q2527



Inception Date


						29 January 2009



Maturity


						30 January 2019


 





Market Indicators  (as of 07/25/2017)




Closing Indicative Note Value
$11.04


ETNs outstanding
88,193,438





Market Capitalization3
$973,655,556










The performance quoted represents past performance and does not guarantee future results.  Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investment, when sold or redeemed may be worth more or less than the original cost.  Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted.  See additional information below for how return figures are calculated.  PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS

Intraday  Indicative Value.  The "intraday indicative value"  meant to approximate the value of the ETNs during the current trading day by  reference to the underlying index is calculated and published during the course  of each trading day.  The intraday  indicative value is intended to provide investors with an approximation of  the effect that intraday changes in the level of the underlying index would  have on the closing indicative value of the ETNs.  The intraday indicative value only reflects  the accrued investor fee and other applicable costs at the close of business on  the preceding day, but does not include any adjustment for the investor fee or  applicable costs accruing during the course of the current day.  For more information on how the intraday  indicative value is calculated, please see the section "Valuation of the ETNs"  in the prospectus relating to the ETNs. 
  The intraday indicative value is provided for reference purposes only. It  is not intended as a price or quotation, or as an offer or solicitation for the  purchase, sale, redemption or termination of the ETNs, nor does it reflect  hedging or transaction costs, credit considerations, market liquidity, or  bid-offer spreads. Published index levels from the sponsors of the indices  underlying the ETNs may occasionally be subject to delay or postponement. Any  such delays or postponements will affect the level of the index and therefore  the intraday indicative value of the ETNs. Index levels provided by the  sponsors of the indices underlying the ETNs do not necessarily reflect the  depth and liquidity of the underlying markets for the index components. For  this reason and others, the actual trading price of the ETNs may be different  from their intraday indicative value.
The investor  fee rate per ETN is 0.89% per year. The investor fee on the inception date was  zero.  On each subsequent calendar day  until maturity or early redemption, the investor fee will be equal to (1) The Investor Fee Rate times (2) the closing indicative note  value on the immediately preceding calendar day times (3) the daily index factor on that day (or, if such day is  not an index business day, one) divided  by (4) 365.  The daily index  factor on any index business day will equal (1) the closing level of the Index  on such index business day divided by (2)  the closing level of the Index on the immediately preceding business day.  
Market Capitalization = Closing Indicative  Note Value x ETNs Outstanding








Documentation







            Prospectus






VXX  Snapshot (PDF 150KB)









                            IV/Index History (XLS 1KB)











An investment in the iPath ETNs described herein (the "ETNs") involves risks,  including possible loss of principal, and may not be suitable for all  investors.  Selected risks are summarized  here and select  product specific risk factors are summarized under "Select Risk Considerations"  on the relevant product pages, but we urge you to read the more detailed  explanation of risks described under "Risk Factors" in the applicable product  prospectus.
You May Lose Some or All of Your Principal: The ETNs are exposed to any decrease in the level of the underlying index between the inception date and the applicable valuation date.  Additionally, if the level of the underlying index is insufficient to offset the negative effect of the investor fee and other applicable costs, you will lose some or all of your investment at maturity or upon redemption, even if the value of such index level has increased or decreased, as the case may be.  Because the ETNs are subject to an investor fee and other applicable costs, the return on the ETNs will always be lower than the total return on a direct investment in the index components.   The ETNs are riskier than ordinary unsecured debt securities and have no principal protection.
Credit of Barclays Bank PLC: The ETNs are unsecured debt obligations of the  issuer, Barclays Bank PLC, and are not, either directly or indirectly, an  obligation of or guaranteed by any third party.   Any payment to be made on the ETNs, including any payment at maturity or  upon redemption, depends on the ability of Barclays Bank PLC to satisfy its  obligations as they come due.  As a  result, the actual and perceived creditworthiness of Barclays Bank PLC will  affect the market value, if any, of the ETNs prior to maturity or  redemption.  In addition, in the event  Barclays Bank PLC were to default on its obligations, you may not receive any  amounts owed to you under the terms of the ETNs.
The  Performance of the Underlying Indices are Unpredictable: An investment in the ETNs is subject to risks  associated with fluctuations, particularly a decline, in the performance of the  underlying index. Because the performance of such index is linked to futures  contracts on the CBOE® Volatility Index (the "VIX Index"), the  performance of the underlying index will depend on many factors including, the  level of the S&P 500® Index, the prices of options on the  S&P 500® Index, and the level of the VIX Index which may change  unpredictably, affecting the value of futures contracts on the VIX Index and,  consequently, the level of the underlying index. Additional factors that may  contribute to fluctuations in the level of such index include prevailing market  prices and forward volatility levels of the U.S. stock markets and the equity  securities included in the S&P 500® Index, the prevailing market  prices of options on the VIX Index, relevant futures contracts on the VIX  Index, or any other financial instruments related to the S&P 500®  Index and the VIX Index, interest rates, supply and demand in the listed and  over-the-counter equity derivative markets as well as hedging activities in the  equity-linked structured product markets.
Your  ETNs Are Not Linked to the VIX Index:  The value of your ETNs will be linked to the value  of the underlying index, and your ability to benefit from any rise or fall in  the level of the VIX Index is limited. The index underlying your ETNs is based  upon holding a rolling long position in futures on the VIX Index. These futures  will not necessarily track the performance of the VIX Index. Your ETNs may not  benefit from increases in the level of the VIX Index because such increases  will not necessarily cause the level of VIX Index futures to rise. Accordingly,  a hypothetical investment that was linked directly to the VIX Index could generate  a higher return than your investment in the ETNs.
Market and Volatility Risk:  The market value of  the ETNs may be influenced by many unpredictable factors and may fluctuate  between the date you purchase them and the maturity date or redemption date.  You may also sustain a significant loss if you sell your ETNs in the secondary  market.  Factors that may influence the  market value of the ETNs include prevailing market prices of the U.S. stock  markets, the index components included in the underlying index, and prevailing  market prices of options on such index or any other financial instruments  related to such index; and supply and demand for the ETNs, including economic,  financial, political, regulatory, geographical or judicial events that affect  the level of such index or other financial instruments related to such index.
A Trading Market for the ETNs May Not Develop: Although the ETNs are listed on a U.S. national securities exchange, a trading market for the ETNs may not develop and the liquidity of the ETNs may be limited, as we are not required to maintain any listing of the ETNs.
No Interest Payments from the ETNs: You may not receive any interest payments on the ETNs.
Restrictions on the Minimum Number of ETNs and Date Restrictions for Redemptions: You must redeem at least 25,000 ETNs of the same series at one time in order to  exercise your right to redeem your ETNs on any redemption date.  You may only redeem your ETNs on a redemption  date if we receive a notice of redemption from you by certain dates and times  as set forth in the product prospectus.
Uncertain Tax Treatment: Significant aspects of the tax treatment of the ETNs are uncertain. You should consult your own tax advisor about your own tax situation.
Barclays Bank PLC has filed a registration statement  (including a prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which this  communication relates.  Before you  invest, you should read the prospectus and other documents Barclays Bank PLC  has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer and this  offering.  You may get these documents  for free by visiting www.iPathETN.com or EDGAR on the SEC website at www.sec.gov.   Alternatively, Barclays Bank PLC will arrange for Barclays Capital  Inc. to send you the prospectus if you request it by calling 212-528-7990,  or you may request a copy from any other dealer participating in  the offering.
The ETNs may be sold throughout the day on the  exchange through any brokerage account. Commissions may apply and there are tax  consequences in the event of sale, redemption or maturity of ETNs.
The S&P 500 VIX Futures Indices are products of  S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC ("SPDJI").   S&P®, S&P 500®, and "S&P 500 VIX  Short-Term FuturesTM", "S&P 500 VIX Mid-Term FuturesTM" and "S&P 500®  Dynamic VIX FuturesTM" are trademarks of Standard & Poors Financial Services LLC ("SPFS").  VIX® is a registered trademark of  Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated ("CBOE").  These trademarks have been licensed to  S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC ("SPDJI") and its affiliates, and sublicensed to  Barclays Bank PLC for certain purposes. The ETNs are not sponsored, endorsed,  sold or promoted by SPDJI, SPFS, CBOE or any of their respective affiliates  (collectively, "S&P Dow Jones Indices").   S&P Dow Jones Indices does not make any representation or warranty,  express or implied, to the owners of the ETNs or any member of the public  regarding the advisability of investing in securities generally or in the ETNs  particularly or the ability of the S&P 500 VIX Futures Indices to track  general market performance.  
© 2015 Barclays Bank PLC.  All rights  reserved.  iPath, iPath ETNs and the  iPath logo are registered trademarks of Barclays Bank PLC.  All other trademarks, servicemarks or  registered trademarks are the property, and used with the permission, of their  respective owners.NOT FDIC INSURED • NO BANK GUARANTEE  • MAY LOSE VALUE







ETN and Index Historical Performance






Source: Barclays. Index Base Date is October 2005, Index Live Date is July 2015. All data prior to the Index Live Date is historically simulated data. Historical and hypothetical performance is not indicative of future performance. Performance data do not reflect trading costs and also do not reflect additional fees that may apply to an index swap transaction. See Historical Index Performance Disclaimer for further information.


An investment in the iPath ETNs described herein (the "ETNs") involves risks,  including possible loss of principal, and may not be suitable for all  investors.  Selected risks are summarized  here and select  product specific risk factors are summarized under "Select Risk Considerations"  on the relevant product pages, but we urge you to read the more detailed  explanation of risks described under "Risk Factors" in the applicable product  prospectus.
You May Lose Some or All of Your Principal: The ETNs are exposed to any decrease in the level of the underlying index between the inception date and the applicable valuation date.  Additionally, if the level of the underlying index is insufficient to offset the negative effect of the investor fee and other applicable costs, you will lose some or all of your investment at maturity or upon redemption, even if the value of such index level has increased or decreased, as the case may be.  Because the ETNs are subject to an investor fee and other applicable costs, the return on the ETNs will always be lower than the total return on a direct investment in the index components.   The ETNs are riskier than ordinary unsecured debt securities and have no principal protection.
Credit of Barclays Bank PLC: The ETNs are unsecured debt obligations of the  issuer, Barclays Bank PLC, and are not, either directly or indirectly, an  obligation of or guaranteed by any third party.   Any payment to be made on the ETNs, including any payment at maturity or  upon redemption, depends on the ability of Barclays Bank PLC to satisfy its  obligations as they come due.  As a  result, the actual and perceived creditworthiness of Barclays Bank PLC will  affect the market value, if any, of the ETNs prior to maturity or  redemption.  In addition, in the event  Barclays Bank PLC were to default on its obligations, you may not receive any  amounts owed to you under the terms of the ETNs.
The  Performance of the Underlying Indices are Unpredictable: An investment in the ETNs is subject to risks  associated with fluctuations, particularly a decline, in the performance of the  underlying index. Because the performance of such index is linked to futures  contracts on the CBOE® Volatility Index (the "VIX Index"), the  performance of the underlying index will depend on many factors including, the  level of the S&P 500® Index, the prices of options on the  S&P 500® Index, and the level of the VIX Index which may change  unpredictably, affecting the value of futures contracts on the VIX Index and,  consequently, the level of the underlying index. Additional factors that may  contribute to fluctuations in the level of such index include prevailing market  prices and forward volatility levels of the U.S. stock markets and the equity  securities included in the S&P 500® Index, the prevailing market  prices of options on the VIX Index, relevant futures contracts on the VIX  Index, or any other financial instruments related to the S&P 500®  Index and the VIX Index, interest rates, supply and demand in the listed and  over-the-counter equity derivative markets as well as hedging activities in the  equity-linked structured product markets.
Your  ETNs Are Not Linked to the VIX Index:  The value of your ETNs will be linked to the value  of the underlying index, and your ability to benefit from any rise or fall in  the level of the VIX Index is limited. The index underlying your ETNs is based  upon holding a rolling long position in futures on the VIX Index. These futures  will not necessarily track the performance of the VIX Index. Your ETNs may not  benefit from increases in the level of the VIX Index because such increases  will not necessarily cause the level of VIX Index futures to rise. Accordingly,  a hypothetical investment that was linked directly to the VIX Index could generate  a higher return than your investment in the ETNs.
Market and Volatility Risk:  The market value of  the ETNs may be influenced by many unpredictable factors and may fluctuate  between the date you purchase them and the maturity date or redemption date.  You may also sustain a significant loss if you sell your ETNs in the secondary  market.  Factors that may influence the  market value of the ETNs include prevailing market prices of the U.S. stock  markets, the index components included in the underlying index, and prevailing  market prices of options on such index or any other financial instruments  related to such index; and supply and demand for the ETNs, including economic,  financial, political, regulatory, geographical or judicial events that affect  the level of such index or other financial instruments related to such index.
A Trading Market for the ETNs May Not Develop: Although the ETNs are listed on a U.S. national securities exchange, a trading market for the ETNs may not develop and the liquidity of the ETNs may be limited, as we are not required to maintain any listing of the ETNs.
No Interest Payments from the ETNs: You may not receive any interest payments on the ETNs.
Restrictions on the Minimum Number of ETNs and Date Restrictions for Redemptions: You must redeem at least 25,000 ETNs of the same series at one time in order to  exercise your right to redeem your ETNs on any redemption date.  You may only redeem your ETNs on a redemption  date if we receive a notice of redemption from you by certain dates and times  as set forth in the product prospectus.
Uncertain Tax Treatment: Significant aspects of the tax treatment of the ETNs are uncertain. You should consult your own tax advisor about your own tax situation.
Barclays Bank PLC has filed a registration statement  (including a prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which this  communication relates.  Before you  invest, you should read the prospectus and other documents Barclays Bank PLC  has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer and this  offering.  You may get these documents  for free by visiting www.iPathETN.com or EDGAR on the SEC website at www.sec.gov.   Alternatively, Barclays Bank PLC will arrange for Barclays Capital  Inc. to send you the prospectus if you request it by calling 212-528-7990,  or you may request a copy from any other dealer participating in  the offering.
The ETNs may be sold throughout the day on the  exchange through any brokerage account. Commissions may apply and there are tax  consequences in the event of sale, redemption or maturity of ETNs.
The S&P 500 VIX Futures Indices are products of  S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC ("SPDJI").   S&P®, S&P 500®, and "S&P 500 VIX  Short-Term FuturesTM", "S&P 500 VIX Mid-Term FuturesTM" and "S&P 500®  Dynamic VIX FuturesTM" are trademarks of Standard & Poors Financial Services LLC ("SPFS").  VIX® is a registered trademark of  Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated ("CBOE").  These trademarks have been licensed to  S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC ("SPDJI") and its affiliates, and sublicensed to  Barclays Bank PLC for certain purposes. The ETNs are not sponsored, endorsed,  sold or promoted by SPDJI, SPFS, CBOE or any of their respective affiliates  (collectively, "S&P Dow Jones Indices").   S&P Dow Jones Indices does not make any representation or warranty,  express or implied, to the owners of the ETNs or any member of the public  regarding the advisability of investing in securities generally or in the ETNs  particularly or the ability of the S&P 500 VIX Futures Indices to track  general market performance.  
© 2015 Barclays Bank PLC.  All rights  reserved.  iPath, iPath ETNs and the  iPath logo are registered trademarks of Barclays Bank PLC.  All other trademarks, servicemarks or  registered trademarks are the property, and used with the permission, of their  respective owners.NOT FDIC INSURED • NO BANK GUARANTEE  • MAY LOSE VALUE







Index and ETN Returns(as of 06/30/2017)


ETN Market Price Returns(as of 06/30/2017)





Source: Barclays. Index Base Date is October 2005, Index Live Date is July 2015. All data prior to the Index Live Date is historically simulated data. Historical and hypothetical performance is not indicative of future performance. Performance data do not reflect trading costs and also do not reflect additional fees that may apply to an index swap transaction. See Historical Index Performance Disclaimer for further information.


An investment in the iPath ETNs described herein (the "ETNs") involves risks,  including possible loss of principal, and may not be suitable for all  investors.  Selected risks are summarized  here and select  product specific risk factors are summarized under "Select Risk Considerations"  on the relevant product pages, but we urge you to read the more detailed  explanation of risks described under "Risk Factors" in the applicable product  prospectus.
You May Lose Some or All of Your Principal: The ETNs are exposed to any decrease in the level of the underlying index between the inception date and the applicable valuation date.  Additionally, if the level of the underlying index is insufficient to offset the negative effect of the investor fee and other applicable costs, you will lose some or all of your investment at maturity or upon redemption, even if the value of such index level has increased or decreased, as the case may be.  Because the ETNs are subject to an investor fee and other applicable costs, the return on the ETNs will always be lower than the total return on a direct investment in the index components.   The ETNs are riskier than ordinary unsecured debt securities and have no principal protection.
Credit of Barclays Bank PLC: The ETNs are unsecured debt obligations of the  issuer, Barclays Bank PLC, and are not, either directly or indirectly, an  obligation of or guaranteed by any third party.   Any payment to be made on the ETNs, including any payment at maturity or  upon redemption, depends on the ability of Barclays Bank PLC to satisfy its  obligations as they come due.  As a  result, the actual and perceived creditworthiness of Barclays Bank PLC will  affect the market value, if any, of the ETNs prior to maturity or  redemption.  In addition, in the event  Barclays Bank PLC were to default on its obligations, you may not receive any  amounts owed to you under the terms of the ETNs.
The  Performance of the Underlying Indices are Unpredictable: An investment in the ETNs is subject to risks  associated with fluctuations, particularly a decline, in the performance of the  underlying index. Because the performance of such index is linked to futures  contracts on the CBOE® Volatility Index (the "VIX Index"), the  performance of the underlying index will depend on many factors including, the  level of the S&P 500® Index, the prices of options on the  S&P 500® Index, and the level of the VIX Index which may change  unpredictably, affecting the value of futures contracts on the VIX Index and,  consequently, the level of the underlying index. Additional factors that may  contribute to fluctuations in the level of such index include prevailing market  prices and forward volatility levels of the U.S. stock markets and the equity  securities included in the S&P 500® Index, the prevailing market  prices of options on the VIX Index, relevant futures contracts on the VIX  Index, or any other financial instruments related to the S&P 500®  Index and the VIX Index, interest rates, supply and demand in the listed and  over-the-counter equity derivative markets as well as hedging activities in the  equity-linked structured product markets.
Your  ETNs Are Not Linked to the VIX Index:  The value of your ETNs will be linked to the value  of the underlying index, and your ability to benefit from any rise or fall in  the level of the VIX Index is limited. The index underlying your ETNs is based  upon holding a rolling long position in futures on the VIX Index. These futures  will not necessarily track the performance of the VIX Index. Your ETNs may not  benefit from increases in the level of the VIX Index because such increases  will not necessarily cause the level of VIX Index futures to rise. Accordingly,  a hypothetical investment that was linked directly to the VIX Index could generate  a higher return than your investment in the ETNs.
Market and Volatility Risk:  The market value of  the ETNs may be influenced by many unpredictable factors and may fluctuate  between the date you purchase them and the maturity date or redemption date.  You may also sustain a significant loss if you sell your ETNs in the secondary  market.  Factors that may influence the  market value of the ETNs include prevailing market prices of the U.S. stock  markets, the index components included in the underlying index, and prevailing  market prices of options on such index or any other financial instruments  related to such index; and supply and demand for the ETNs, including economic,  financial, political, regulatory, geographical or judicial events that affect  the level of such index or other financial instruments related to such index.
A Trading Market for the ETNs May Not Develop: Although the ETNs are listed on a U.S. national securities exchange, a trading market for the ETNs may not develop and the liquidity of the ETNs may be limited, as we are not required to maintain any listing of the ETNs.
No Interest Payments from the ETNs: You may not receive any interest payments on the ETNs.
Restrictions on the Minimum Number of ETNs and Date Restrictions for Redemptions: You must redeem at least 25,000 ETNs of the same series at one time in order to  exercise your right to redeem your ETNs on any redemption date.  You may only redeem your ETNs on a redemption  date if we receive a notice of redemption from you by certain dates and times  as set forth in the product prospectus.
Uncertain Tax Treatment: Significant aspects of the tax treatment of the ETNs are uncertain. You should consult your own tax advisor about your own tax situation.
Barclays Bank PLC has filed a registration statement  (including a prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which this  communication relates.  Before you  invest, you should read the prospectus and other documents Barclays Bank PLC  has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer and this  offering.  You may get these documents  for free by visiting www.iPathETN.com or EDGAR on the SEC website at www.sec.gov.   Alternatively, Barclays Bank PLC will arrange for Barclays Capital  Inc. to send you the prospectus if you request it by calling 212-528-7990,  or you may request a copy from any other dealer participating in  the offering.
The ETNs may be sold throughout the day on the  exchange through any brokerage account. Commissions may apply and there are tax  consequences in the event of sale, redemption or maturity of ETNs.
The S&P 500 VIX Futures Indices are products of  S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC ("SPDJI").   S&P®, S&P 500®, and "S&P 500 VIX  Short-Term FuturesTM", "S&P 500 VIX Mid-Term FuturesTM" and "S&P 500®  Dynamic VIX FuturesTM" are trademarks of Standard & Poors Financial Services LLC ("SPFS").  VIX® is a registered trademark of  Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated ("CBOE").  These trademarks have been licensed to  S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC ("SPDJI") and its affiliates, and sublicensed to  Barclays Bank PLC for certain purposes. The ETNs are not sponsored, endorsed,  sold or promoted by SPDJI, SPFS, CBOE or any of their respective affiliates  (collectively, "S&P Dow Jones Indices").   S&P Dow Jones Indices does not make any representation or warranty,  express or implied, to the owners of the ETNs or any member of the public  regarding the advisability of investing in securities generally or in the ETNs  particularly or the ability of the S&P 500 VIX Futures Indices to track  general market performance.  
© 2015 Barclays Bank PLC.  All rights  reserved.  iPath, iPath ETNs and the  iPath logo are registered trademarks of Barclays Bank PLC.  All other trademarks, servicemarks or  registered trademarks are the property, and used with the permission, of their  respective owners.NOT FDIC INSURED • NO BANK GUARANTEE  • MAY LOSE VALUE







Correlations(as of 06/30/2017)





Sources: Bloomberg Finance L.P., Barclays, MSCI Inc., S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC. Correlations are calculated on a monthly basis over a 5-year period from the "as of" date referenced above.
* Correlation is a term used to describe the statistical relationship between two or more quantities or variables. Perfectly correlated assets will have a correlation coefficient of one, while the correlation coefficient will be zero when returns on two assets are completely independent.
Index correlations are for illustrative purposes only and do not represent actual ETN performance. PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT INDICATIVE FOR FUTURE RESULTS.

The S&P 500®  Index is intended to provide an indication of the pattern of stock price  movement in the U.S. equities market.
The Bloomberg Commodity Index Total ReturnSM reflects the returns that are potentially available through an unleveraged investment in the futures contracts on physical commodities comprising the index plus the rate of interest that could be earned on cash collateral invested in specified Treasury Bills.
The MSCI EAFE Index is an equity index which  captures large and mid cap representation across Developed Markets countries  around the world, excluding the US and Canada
The MSCI Emerging  Markets IndexSM captures large and mid cap representation across 21  Emerging Markets countries.
The Barclays U.S.  Aggregate Bond Index provides a measure of the performance of the U.S.  investment grade bonds market.




An investment in the iPath ETNs described herein (the "ETNs") involves risks,  including possible loss of principal, and may not be suitable for all  investors.  Selected risks are summarized  here and select  product specific risk factors are summarized under "Select Risk Considerations"  on the relevant product pages, but we urge you to read the more detailed  explanation of risks described under "Risk Factors" in the applicable product  prospectus.
You May Lose Some or All of Your Principal: The ETNs are exposed to any decrease in the level of the underlying index between the inception date and the applicable valuation date.  Additionally, if the level of the underlying index is insufficient to offset the negative effect of the investor fee and other applicable costs, you will lose some or all of your investment at maturity or upon redemption, even if the value of such index level has increased or decreased, as the case may be.  Because the ETNs are subject to an investor fee and other applicable costs, the return on the ETNs will always be lower than the total return on a direct investment in the index components.   The ETNs are riskier than ordinary unsecured debt securities and have no principal protection.
Credit of Barclays Bank PLC: The ETNs are unsecured debt obligations of the  issuer, Barclays Bank PLC, and are not, either directly or indirectly, an  obligation of or guaranteed by any third party.   Any payment to be made on the ETNs, including any payment at maturity or  upon redemption, depends on the ability of Barclays Bank PLC to satisfy its  obligations as they come due.  As a  result, the actual and perceived creditworthiness of Barclays Bank PLC will  affect the market value, if any, of the ETNs prior to maturity or  redemption.  In addition, in the event  Barclays Bank PLC were to default on its obligations, you may not receive any  amounts owed to you under the terms of the ETNs.
The  Performance of the Underlying Indices are Unpredictable: An investment in the ETNs is subject to risks  associated with fluctuations, particularly a decline, in the performance of the  underlying index. Because the performance of such index is linked to futures  contracts on the CBOE® Volatility Index (the "VIX Index"), the  performance of the underlying index will depend on many factors including, the  level of the S&P 500® Index, the prices of options on the  S&P 500® Index, and the level of the VIX Index which may change  unpredictably, affecting the value of futures contracts on the VIX Index and,  consequently, the level of the underlying index. Additional factors that may  contribute to fluctuations in the level of such index include prevailing market  prices and forward volatility levels of the U.S. stock markets and the equity  securities included in the S&P 500® Index, the prevailing market  prices of options on the VIX Index, relevant futures contracts on the VIX  Index, or any other financial instruments related to the S&P 500®  Index and the VIX Index, interest rates, supply and demand in the listed and  over-the-counter equity derivative markets as well as hedging activities in the  equity-linked structured product markets.
Your  ETNs Are Not Linked to the VIX Index:  The value of your ETNs will be linked to the value  of the underlying index, and your ability to benefit from any rise or fall in  the level of the VIX Index is limited. The index underlying your ETNs is based  upon holding a rolling long position in futures on the VIX Index. These futures  will not necessarily track the performance of the VIX Index. Your ETNs may not  benefit from increases in the level of the VIX Index because such increases  will not necessarily cause the level of VIX Index futures to rise. Accordingly,  a hypothetical investment that was linked directly to the VIX Index could generate  a higher return than your investment in the ETNs.
Market and Volatility Risk:  The market value of  the ETNs may be influenced by many unpredictable factors and may fluctuate  between the date you purchase them and the maturity date or redemption date.  You may also sustain a significant loss if you sell your ETNs in the secondary  market.  Factors that may influence the  market value of the ETNs include prevailing market prices of the U.S. stock  markets, the index components included in the underlying index, and prevailing  market prices of options on such index or any other financial instruments  related to such index; and supply and demand for the ETNs, including economic,  financial, political, regulatory, geographical or judicial events that affect  the level of such index or other financial instruments related to such index.
A Trading Market for the ETNs May Not Develop: Although the ETNs are listed on a U.S. national securities exchange, a trading market for the ETNs may not develop and the liquidity of the ETNs may be limited, as we are not required to maintain any listing of the ETNs.
No Interest Payments from the ETNs: You may not receive any interest payments on the ETNs.
Restrictions on the Minimum Number of ETNs and Date Restrictions for Redemptions: You must redeem at least 25,000 ETNs of the same series at one time in order to  exercise your right to redeem your ETNs on any redemption date.  You may only redeem your ETNs on a redemption  date if we receive a notice of redemption from you by certain dates and times  as set forth in the product prospectus.
Uncertain Tax Treatment: Significant aspects of the tax treatment of the ETNs are uncertain. You should consult your own tax advisor about your own tax situation.
Barclays Bank PLC has filed a registration statement  (including a prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which this  communication relates.  Before you  invest, you should read the prospectus and other documents Barclays Bank PLC  has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer and this  offering.  You may get these documents  for free by visiting www.iPathETN.com or EDGAR on the SEC website at www.sec.gov.   Alternatively, Barclays Bank PLC will arrange for Barclays Capital  Inc. to send you the prospectus if you request it by calling 212-528-7990,  or you may request a copy from any other dealer participating in  the offering.
The ETNs may be sold throughout the day on the  exchange through any brokerage account. Commissions may apply and there are tax  consequences in the event of sale, redemption or maturity of ETNs.
The S&P 500 VIX Futures Indices are products of  S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC ("SPDJI").   S&P®, S&P 500®, and "S&P 500 VIX  Short-Term FuturesTM", "S&P 500 VIX Mid-Term FuturesTM" and "S&P 500®  Dynamic VIX FuturesTM" are trademarks of Standard & Poors Financial Services LLC ("SPFS").  VIX® is a registered trademark of  Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated ("CBOE").  These trademarks have been licensed to  S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC ("SPDJI") and its affiliates, and sublicensed to  Barclays Bank PLC for certain purposes. The ETNs are not sponsored, endorsed,  sold or promoted by SPDJI, SPFS, CBOE or any of their respective affiliates  (collectively, "S&P Dow Jones Indices").   S&P Dow Jones Indices does not make any representation or warranty,  express or implied, to the owners of the ETNs or any member of the public  regarding the advisability of investing in securities generally or in the ETNs  particularly or the ability of the S&P 500 VIX Futures Indices to track  general market performance.  
© 2015 Barclays Bank PLC.  All rights  reserved.  iPath, iPath ETNs and the  iPath logo are registered trademarks of Barclays Bank PLC.  All other trademarks, servicemarks or  registered trademarks are the property, and used with the permission, of their  respective owners.NOT FDIC INSURED • NO BANK GUARANTEE  • MAY LOSE VALUE







Index Components(as of 07/25/2017)





Source: S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC, subject to change.


An investment in the iPath ETNs described herein (the "ETNs") involves risks,  including possible loss of principal, and may not be suitable for all  investors.  Selected risks are summarized  here and select  product specific risk factors are summarized under "Select Risk Considerations"  on the relevant product pages, but we urge you to read the more detailed  explanation of risks described under "Risk Factors" in the applicable product  prospectus.
You May Lose Some or All of Your Principal: The ETNs are exposed to any decrease in the level of the underlying index between the inception date and the applicable valuation date.  Additionally, if the level of the underlying index is insufficient to offset the negative effect of the investor fee and other applicable costs, you will lose some or all of your investment at maturity or upon redemption, even if the value of such index level has increased or decreased, as the case may be.  Because the ETNs are subject to an investor fee and other applicable costs, the return on the ETNs will always be lower than the total return on a direct investment in the index components.   The ETNs are riskier than ordinary unsecured debt securities and have no principal protection.
Credit of Barclays Bank PLC: The ETNs are unsecured debt obligations of the  issuer, Barclays Bank PLC, and are not, either directly or indirectly, an  obligation of or guaranteed by any third party.   Any payment to be made on the ETNs, including any payment at maturity or  upon redemption, depends on the ability of Barclays Bank PLC to satisfy its  obligations as they come due.  As a  result, the actual and perceived creditworthiness of Barclays Bank PLC will  affect the market value, if any, of the ETNs prior to maturity or  redemption.  In addition, in the event  Barclays Bank PLC were to default on its obligations, you may not receive any  amounts owed to you under the terms of the ETNs.
The  Performance of the Underlying Indices are Unpredictable: An investment in the ETNs is subject to risks  associated with fluctuations, particularly a decline, in the performance of the  underlying index. Because the performance of such index is linked to futures  contracts on the CBOE® Volatility Index (the "VIX Index"), the  performance of the underlying index will depend on many factors including, the  level of the S&P 500® Index, the prices of options on the  S&P 500® Index, and the level of the VIX Index which may change  unpredictably, affecting the value of futures contracts on the VIX Index and,  consequently, the level of the underlying index. Additional factors that may  contribute to fluctuations in the level of such index include prevailing market  prices and forward volatility levels of the U.S. stock markets and the equity  securities included in the S&P 500® Index, the prevailing market  prices of options on the VIX Index, relevant futures contracts on the VIX  Index, or any other financial instruments related to the S&P 500®  Index and the VIX Index, interest rates, supply and demand in the listed and  over-the-counter equity derivative markets as well as hedging activities in the  equity-linked structured product markets.
Your  ETNs Are Not Linked to the VIX Index:  The value of your ETNs will be linked to the value  of the underlying index, and your ability to benefit from any rise or fall in  the level of the VIX Index is limited. The index underlying your ETNs is based  upon holding a rolling long position in futures on the VIX Index. These futures  will not necessarily track the performance of the VIX Index. Your ETNs may not  benefit from increases in the level of the VIX Index because such increases  will not necessarily cause the level of VIX Index futures to rise. Accordingly,  a hypothetical investment that was linked directly to the VIX Index could generate  a higher return than your investment in the ETNs.
Market and Volatility Risk:  The market value of  the ETNs may be influenced by many unpredictable factors and may fluctuate  between the date you purchase them and the maturity date or redemption date.  You may also sustain a significant loss if you sell your ETNs in the secondary  market.  Factors that may influence the  market value of the ETNs include prevailing market prices of the U.S. stock  markets, the index components included in the underlying index, and prevailing  market prices of options on such index or any other financial instruments  related to such index; and supply and demand for the ETNs, including economic,  financial, political, regulatory, geographical or judicial events that affect  the level of such index or other financial instruments related to such index.
A Trading Market for the ETNs May Not Develop: Although the ETNs are listed on a U.S. national securities exchange, a trading market for the ETNs may not develop and the liquidity of the ETNs may be limited, as we are not required to maintain any listing of the ETNs.
No Interest Payments from the ETNs: You may not receive any interest payments on the ETNs.
Restrictions on the Minimum Number of ETNs and Date Restrictions for Redemptions: You must redeem at least 25,000 ETNs of the same series at one time in order to  exercise your right to redeem your ETNs on any redemption date.  You may only redeem your ETNs on a redemption  date if we receive a notice of redemption from you by certain dates and times  as set forth in the product prospectus.
Uncertain Tax Treatment: Significant aspects of the tax treatment of the ETNs are uncertain. You should consult your own tax advisor about your own tax situation.
Barclays Bank PLC has filed a registration statement  (including a prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which this  communication relates.  Before you  invest, you should read the prospectus and other documents Barclays Bank PLC  has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer and this  offering.  You may get these documents  for free by visiting www.iPathETN.com or EDGAR on the SEC website at www.sec.gov.   Alternatively, Barclays Bank PLC will arrange for Barclays Capital  Inc. to send you the prospectus if you request it by calling 212-528-7990,  or you may request a copy from any other dealer participating in  the offering.
The ETNs may be sold throughout the day on the  exchange through any brokerage account. Commissions may apply and there are tax  consequences in the event of sale, redemption or maturity of ETNs.
The S&P 500 VIX Futures Indices are products of  S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC ("SPDJI").   S&P®, S&P 500®, and "S&P 500 VIX  Short-Term FuturesTM", "S&P 500 VIX Mid-Term FuturesTM" and "S&P 500®  Dynamic VIX FuturesTM" are trademarks of Standard & Poors Financial Services LLC ("SPFS").  VIX® is a registered trademark of  Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated ("CBOE").  These trademarks have been licensed to  S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC ("SPDJI") and its affiliates, and sublicensed to  Barclays Bank PLC for certain purposes. The ETNs are not sponsored, endorsed,  sold or promoted by SPDJI, SPFS, CBOE or any of their respective affiliates  (collectively, "S&P Dow Jones Indices").   S&P Dow Jones Indices does not make any representation or warranty,  express or implied, to the owners of the ETNs or any member of the public  regarding the advisability of investing in securities generally or in the ETNs  particularly or the ability of the S&P 500 VIX Futures Indices to track  general market performance.  
© 2015 Barclays Bank PLC.  All rights  reserved.  iPath, iPath ETNs and the  iPath logo are registered trademarks of Barclays Bank PLC.  All other trademarks, servicemarks or  registered trademarks are the property, and used with the permission, of their  respective owners.NOT FDIC INSURED • NO BANK GUARANTEE  • MAY LOSE VALUE


















Products

Equity
Commodities
Currencies
Fixed Income
Alternatives





Product Suites

Equity ETNs
Commodity ETNs
Currency ETNs
Fixed Income ETNs
Alternative ETNs





About iPath ETNs

Understanding ETNs
Investing in iPath ETNs
Trading and Redemption
Premiums and Discounts
Tax Considerations





About Us

About Us
iPath Announcements
Contact Us














Contact Us
About Us
Selected Risk Considerations
Privacy & Cookies
Accessibility



© Barclays Bank PLC 2017

















Management Essays - Barclays Bank PLC and Deutsche Bank PLC

















 

















UKessays
TRUSTED BY STUDENTS SINCE 2003



 0115 966 7955
Today's Opening Times 09:00 - 21:00 (BST)



























Management Essays - Barclays Bank PLC and Deutsche Bank PLC


 Print



 Reference this


APA

MLA

MLA-7

Harvard

Vancouver

Wikipedia




Published:

23rd March, 2015 

This essay has been submitted by a student. This is not an example of the work written by our professional essay writers.
Barclays Bank PLC & Deutsche Bank PLC.
Introduction 
The historical models of market opportunities have favored coordinated market economies (CME’s) over liberal market economies (LME’s), however this traditional position has shifted in the case of Europe where the Central Eastern European countries have demonstrated a growth rate in loans of twelve percent (12%) as compared to just four percent (4%) over the mature markets of Western Europe during the past three (3) years (Hoover’s, 2005). Germany’s Deutsche Bank operates in a coordinated market economy and experienced an increase of forty six percent (46%) in revenues before income tax expense over 2003. This is in marked contrast with the results recorded in 2003 when the bank experienced a decline of almost twenty percent (20%) in revenues. The United Kingdom’s Barclays PLC, which operates in a liberal market economy, has recorded an increase in profit of twenty percent (20%) in 2004 over 2003 and a rise in income of twelve percent (12%) (Barclays PLC, 2004).
This essay will seek to examine the differences in performance of these two banks based upon the comparative institutional advantages inherent in operating in a coordinated market economy versus a liberal market economy, focusing on changes or other developments at these institutions regarding performance and changes or strategies implemented to effect improvements to reflect the results recorded in 2004. The preceding will take into account recent changes in CME and LME systems and their effects as contributors to the foregoing. The radically differing context that represent these two market systems are each self-sustaining and in their individual frameworks as well as being self-reinforcing (Esping-Anderrsen, 1990). The inherent structure of these two market economic systems form the environment in which the subject banks operate and as a result influence their performance thus causing them to implement and introduce strategies to override or negate, to some degree, the inherent inhibiting factors and or forces at work.
Casper et al (1999) explained the production system in Germany as ‘Diversified Quality Production’ (DQP), which relies upon the consistent improvement in products through either better production processes or specialized employees, as well as distribution. The preceding sets up a system of high production quality as a definitive aspect of the CME system. The basis of the LME system relies upon the consistency of innovation to drive product generation rather than the improvement based foundation of the coordinated market economy system. The inherent capability of the LME system that allows for capital to be raised quickly, as well as to hire as well as fire workers when new projects fail. The foregoing process represents a strength in the LME system as it has proved extremely successful in the software and biotechnology sectors, however, it has its drawbacks in machine tools and other longer standing skilled industries.
The proceeding peek into LME and CME systems offers a generalized overview that represents the underlying basis for the examination of Barclays PLC and Deutsche Bank PLC with respect to changes or other developments at these institutions regarding performance and changes or strategies implemented to effect improvements to reflect recent results.
LME - CME                                                                                              
In order to understand the context that helps to formulate the strategic performance changes at Barclays PLC and Deutsche Bank PLC as well as the rationales involved, one must have an understanding of the market economy context they are in. The coordinated market economy of Germany has been undergoing a slow transformation that has focused upon further specialization in those fields that it has a comparative advantage (Casper et al, 1999). The governmental and business policy, as a result of globalization, has resulted in German companies divesting themselves of less competitive industry sectors to focus upon those representing an advantage (Iversen, 2001). The foregoing represents an important change in the dynamics of the coordinated market economy system where a considerable investment is made in increasing the skills of workers who produce products requiring high technological skills and know-how. To accomplish the preceding, the training in labor requires considerable assurances that this investment will be retained rather than re-entered into the work-force as is the case in the liberal market model (Hall et al, 2001). Employers unions help to stabilize the preceding by ensuring that competitive companies do not wrest trained employees through having unions with a seat in the running of the company as this represents their best interests. The foregoing results in a long-term stabilization factor that provides the foundation for capital to be obtained with the long term view in mind.
The foregoing has particular importance in the case of Deutsche Bank as in the CME model banks have access to distinct information on companies as a result of their providing the availability of long term capital which means that the bank obtains a seat on the company’s board. The foregoing enables the institution to have first hand knowledge on the actions of the company.
In liberal market economies the co-ordination with respect to the varied components of the capitalist model is by and large market based. In this instance, employers do not have any guarantee with respect to workers remaining loyal as the main incentive of wages enables other firms to successfully bid for the services of skilled employees. In the instance of worker unions there are no provisions against rival firms hiring away employees. This condition limits the amount of training that employers can and do invest in worker skills as there is no guarantee that they, employees, will remain loyal (Dore, 1973). The preceding means that workers do not benefit from advanced training, thus creating the condition whereby most positions require relatively simple skills, which in most instances are learned on the job. Under the circumstance of the foregoing fast changing employee environment, long term as well as short term capital is difficult to secure. This therefore brings equity financing to the forefront as the principle means.
The equity finance rate in the United Kingdom as well as the United States exceeds one hundred percent (100%) of their respective Gross Domestic Product. This is in sharp contrast to Germany where that figure is less than forty percent (40%). With the shareholder incentive based upon profits, rather than long term market positioning through superior products, management is prone to reduce the labor force to produce bottom line results, thus increasing unemployment. This condition fosters invention rather than product improvement, sacrificing long term quality for short term bottom line results.
The effects of globalization as well as the introduction of a single market currency in the European Union are impacting upon both the LME model in the United Kingdom, as well as the CME model in Germany as a result of financial disintermediation (Alvarez et al, 1991). The foregoing sets up the condition whereby equity might be available at rates that are less expensive than that which is offered by banking institutions. This condition has particular relevance in Germany whereby it could provide a wedge between firms and banks thus eroding the existing long-term arrangement and seats of banks on corporate boards. The preceding will undo the underlying labor relations arrangement and thus a convergence with regard to the CME market model (Calmfors et al, 1988). The introduction of the Euro could very well indicate a change for Germany as a result of real wages are impacted by the agreement of unions with the German Central bank.
The aforementioned condition has already been manifested in varied degrees in Sweden, Italy and France, CME countries that have been converging on the LME model creating hybrid systems with characteristics of both as well as specific aspects of their own individual country applications (Maurice et al, 1986). This has increased competition in with varied British companies in low skilled industries thus bringing increased competitiveness. As the dynamics acting upon these two models increases as a result of globalization, cross border currency and competitive circumstances, various CME based models will increasingly acquire characteristics of the LME model. The foregoing also is influenced by the posturing of political parties seeking election by either reintroducing CME model framework supports, or elements of the LME model. The preceding has implications for both Barclays PLC and Deutsche Bank PLC in their approach to performance strategies.
Barclays PLC 
Barclays’ origins can be found back in 1690 to John Freame and Thomas Gould. The named changed to its present form when James Barclay became a partner in 1736.  Presently, Barclays is the third largest bank in the United Kingdom. The institution’s primary focus is in retail banking, investment banking as well as investment management. Barclays operates in 60 countries and operates over 2,000 offices in the United Kingdom and is one of the ten largest banks global when measured by market capitalization (Barclays PLC, 2004). The institution’s core business revolves around retail and investment banking, and it is the later that is being impacted by forces acting upon liberal market economies in varied European Union member states as a result of the aforementioned introduction of the Euro as well as globalization. As a result of the preceding, Barclays services the United Kingdom market as well as providing services to multinational companies located in differing market models.
A SWOT analysis of Barclays reveals the following (Barclays PLC, 2004):
STRENGTHSWEAKNESSESBarclays is one of the UK’s largest Financial companiesReduction in the banks branchesGlobal diversity in 60 countriesWeak Private Clients performanceExcellent acquisition strategy that has expanded Barclays distribution baseOPPORTUNITIESTHREATSExpansion in wealth management and Private bankingLack of cross-selling initiatives in wealth managementOffering life, pension and varied investment products to customer base Increased UK competition from clearing and mortgage banks
The proliferation of banking consolidation within the industry is and has created a new era of international banking conglomerates, particularly in the United States. The preceding is causing European based banks to appear small in terms of relative comparison. Barclays’ operation in a liberal market economy means it competes with equity financing for corporations and as such, this does not represent a strength concerning its overall performance base. The SWOT analysis identifies that Barclays’ performance underpinnings are represented by its strategy of acquiring other banking concerns to expand its retail as well as other banking services through representation in international markets as represented by the bank’s presence in 60 countries. This provides Barclays with the means to sell its highly profitable investment banking services as well as be positioned to service the cadre of multinational companies that utilize its diverse banking financial service packages.
Barclays is known a consistent performer delivering steady profitability results, 20% increase in profit before taxes in 2003, and again in 2004, and one of the lowest cost to income ratios with regard to banks in the UK. The preceding indicates that Barclays is well managed. Barclays’ focus on internal administrative consolidation as well as the acquisition of banking concerns represents its recognition of forces within the LMS model that it must respond to in order to maintain growth in revenues, return on equity, dividends and profits in response to maintaining a high market capitalization that tends to make it a relatively unattractive takeover target as a result of the high premium required to acquire it. Barclays’ retail banking arm is clearly supported by the huge success of its Barclaycard division that has set industry standards in terms of innovations in customer utility. Barclays’ presence in 60 countries further strengthens the utility of this card providing business and retail customers with access to their financial accounts globally (Barclays PLC, 2004). The aforementioned diversity in operations is a result of the economic strength of liberal market based economies that have fully recovered from the global recession events of 2002. Barclays’ banking acquisition strategy is a direct outgrowth of the foregoing in keeping with the consolidation mania initiated by U.S. based banks that also operate under the LME model.
Deutsche Bank PLC
Deutsche Bank was granted a license to operate as a financial institution by the Prussian government in 1870 with a view to challenging the supremacy of British banks that were dominating German foreign trade. As one of the four largest banks in Germany, Deutsche Bank is strongly positioned within Europe and offers corporate as well as investment banking as its principle core business as well as the management of private client accounts, asset management services and products. Located in over 75 countries (Deutsche Bank, 2004), Deutsche has a strong global presence, yet it has a high reliance on its domestic market that represents a CME model. The cost to income ratio for Deutsche is above the German average of 77 and this indicates that the institution is not being managed efficiently. Its return on equity is in line with the German average, but is one of the worst performing areas in its financial analysis. The SWOT analysis of Deutsche points out specifics that indicate operating problems (Deutsche Bank, 2004):
STRENGTHSWEAKNESSESFinancial strength in the face of multiple problems as its resources are higher than competitorsExposure to fluctuations in the marketImplementation of cost cutting measuresProblems in the Private Wealth Management unit as a result of low profitsGlobal market presence in 75 countriesPoor 2003 / 2004 revenues in its core  Corporate and Investment banking unitsOPPORTUNITIESTHREATSIncrease domestic retail banking business to lower exposure in Investment BankingStrong inter Germany banking competitionExpand in Asia, the banks only positive growth regionWeak economy in Germany
The aforementioned consolidation practices have increased competition and has affected  German banks along with the introduction of the Euro, which has increased the cross market capabilities of banks as a result of the elimination of currency transfer rates which had insulated the German CME model banks from LME markets. The global market diversification of Deutsche has protected it somewhat against the poor economic performance in its home market. Deutsche has recognized that its internal operations have further exacerbated its poor performance and set about an internal restructuring and reorganization in 2003 to address performance (Hopner et al, 2001). Termed a “transformation” program management implemented this process in response to sub-par performance in 2002 and this has resulted in an increase in income before taxes in 2004 of forty-six percent (46%) over year end results in 2003 (Deutsche Bank, 2004). Additional results were also achieved in the bank’s risk management profile that reduced problem loans by twenty-seven percent (27%) over 2003 (Deutsche Bank, 2004).  The aforementioned internal program also produced results in Deutsche’s Corporate and Investment Banking units as well as Asset Management arm along with Corporate Division Private & Business client units. The aforementioned ‘transformation’ program focused on identification of the internal bank operational and administrative factors contributing to poor performance, as well as reorganizing operations to centralize functions and reporting procedures. Deutsche also implemented extensive cost cutting measures with all efforts focusing on a reduction in operating expenditures and revenues growth through aggressive new business generation.
The Bank’s Investment Banking business, which has long been one of its core strengths, was emphasized and experienced healthy growth as a result of refocusing. However, a strong Euro impacted negatively on bottom line performance. The preceding developments represent effects of a CME based model that was impacted negatively by the performance in LME based economies.
Conclusion 
The economic events that preceded as well as followed 2002 caused LME based companies and governments to examine means via which to re-energize their economies. This resulted in reducing expenditures on social areas, as well as lowering interest rates to refuel borrowing for expansion and growth. Companies within these markets (LME) conducted a string of ‘down sizing’ measures which increased unemployment, but made companies financially stronger and helped to fuel a massive number of mega mergers that were based upon models of economy of scale as well as generating bottom line performance as dictated by shareholder concerns for growth. Governmental intervention in terms of interest rate cuts and other market stimulation measures aided in creating competitive advantages that came at the expense of CME based models and had the effect of severely impacting growth in that sector.
Globalization had less of a negative affect on LME based models as the primary market country, the United States, generated growth through utilization of the ‘golden straitjacket’ principle. Friedman (1999) explains the foregoing as the adoption of deregulation and reforms aimed at increasing the competitiveness of a country’s home based businesses and industries. One such area resulted in the mega merger mania in the United States that impacted various industries as well as the round of banking consolidations. The ability of LME models to make quick short term adjustments as opposed to the slow turn around time required for CME models generated growth in that sector while slowing it in another. This proved to affect Germany’s economy while aiding that of the United Kingdom. Deutsche Bank PLC has managed through a refocusing of its efforts to reverse the negative performances generated in 2002 and 2003, with further progress being made as a result of understanding the corrective measures that were and are needed to be taken. Barclays’ performance throughout this period has remained consistent and steady as the bank has not lost sight of the competencies that helped it achieve acceptable historical performance.
Bibliography 
Alvarez, R., Garrett, Geoffrey, Lange, Peter. 1991. Government Partisanship, Labor Organization, and Macroeconomic Performance. June, 1991, Vol. 85American Politicial Science Review.
Barclays PLC. 2004. Annual Report. Barclays PLC, London, The United Kingdom
Calmfors, Lars, Driffil, John. 1988. Centralisation of Wage Bargaining. Vol. 6. Economic Policy
Casper, S., Lehrer, M.,  Soskice, D. 1999. Can High-Technology Industries Prosper in Germany? Institutional Frameworks and the Evolution of the German Software and Biotechnology Industries. Vol. 6, pp 5-24. Industry and Innovation
Deutsche Bank. 2004. Annual Report. Deutsche Bank, Hamburg, Germany
Dore, Ronald. 1973. British factory, Japanese factory, the origins of national diversity in industrial relations. University of California Press. ISBN: 0520024567
Esping-Anderrsen, Gosta. 1990. Three Worlds of Welfare Capitalism. Princeton University Press, Princeton, New Jersey, United States.
Friedman, Thomas. 1999. The Lexus and the Olive Tree. P 105. Anchor Books, New York, New York, United States
Hall, Peter, Soskice, David. 2001. Varieties of Capitalism: The Insitutional Foundations of Comparative Advantage. Oxford University Press, Oxford, The United Kingdom
Hoover’s. 2005. Foreign Regional Banks. Hoover’s Banking Industry Report
Hopner, Martin, Jackson. 2001. An Emerging Market for Corporate Control? The Mannesmann Takeover and German Corporate Governance. Paper No. ¼. Max Planck Institute for the Study of Sociaties.
Iversen, Torben. 2001. The Dynamics of Welfare State Expansion: Trade Openness, Deindustrialization, and Partisan Politics. Oxford University Press, New York, New York, United States
Maurice, Marc, Sellier, Francois. 1986. The Social Foundations of Industrial Power: A comparison of France and Germany. MIT Press. ISBN: 0262132133 





Request Removal
If you are the original writer of this essay and no longer wish to have the essay published on the UK Essays website then please click on the link below to request removal:




 Request the removal of this essay


More from UK Essays

Management Essay Writing Service
Essays
More Management Essays
Examples of Our Work
Management Dissertation Examples


Interested in ordering?


















Essays | Repository of Free Essays











 

















UKessays
TRUSTED BY STUDENTS SINCE 2003



 0115 966 7955
Today's Opening Times 09:00 - 21:00 (BST)


























Essays





What are you looking for?

 Customers rate UKEssays  86% Based on 213 reviews.  Read the latest reviews




Free Essays


Our Writing Services

Essay Writing Service
Assignment Writing Service
Coursework Writing Service
View All Our Writing Services





Essay Categories


AAccounting469America14Animation30Anthropology99Archaeology24Architecture152Arts175Australian3Aviation19BBanking28Beauty Therapy22Biology1,850Business4,395Business Strategy89CChemistry127Childcare71Classics19Commerce1,265Communications124Computer Science587Construction658Criminology1,042Cultural Studies760DData Analysis15Design21Drama45EEcommerce22Economics4,110Education2,669Employment47Engineering890English71English Language1,537English Literature4,332Environment46Environmental Sciences955Environmental Studies126Estate Management13European Studies31FFamily15Fashion72Film Studies730Finance485Foreign Language13French22GGeneral Studies123Geography79German6HHealth339Health and Social Care681History3,024Hospitality9Housing16Human Resources82Human Rights94IIndia17Information Systems140Information Technology2,021International Business46International Relations108International Studies87Internet27It Research36JJournalism38LLanguages32Law252Leadership65Leisure Management5Linguistics39Literature47MManagement4,318Marketing8,132Mathematics65Mechanics10Media1,080Medical73Military14Motivation14Music178NNursing2,039Nutrition11OOrganisations33PPersonal Development35Philosophy1,921Photography46Physical Education213Physics32Physiology46Politics1,450Project Management91Property29Psychology3,075RReligion583Retail20SSciences163Security18Social Policy101Social Work988Society25Sociology1,762Spanish22Sports96Statistics38TTeaching68Technology32Theatre33Theology251Tourism1,502Translation11Transportation11UUncategorised85VVideo Games10YYoung People410 
















Management Essays | Free Essays on Management






 




 

















UKessays
TRUSTED BY STUDENTS SINCE 2003



 0115 966 7955
Today's Opening Times 09:00 - 21:00 (BST)























Management Essays

Search to find a specific management essay:









 Back to Essays Index



Ryanair Service Operation Management
Question 3: After critically evaluating the key operational levers, discuss which can be applied to management of service operations of Ryanair for the proactive...



3 Pages (1,020 Words) - Last Modified:
25th July, 2017




Fayol and Mintzberg Management Roles
In the era of modernisation these days, it appears that the purpose of managers in every single organisation is becoming so essential that we are...



5 Pages (1,660 Words) - Last Modified:
24th July, 2017




Coaching and Counselling in Employee Performance Management
Discuss, in brief, the role of coaching and counseling in improving performance of employees.
Counselling is a very important element of enhancing job performance and work...



13 Pages (4,864 Words) - Last Modified:
24th July, 2017




Are Leaders Born or Made? Dubrin, 2009
Introduction:
Leadership is a process by which individuals influence employees toward the achievement of organizational objectives (Dubrin, 2009). Leadership is probably the most frequent researched subject...



4 Pages (1,434 Words) - Last Modified:
24th July, 2017




Workplace Scheduling Literature Review
Literature review
There are many explanations about ‘workforce scheduling’. Workforce scheduling, also called labor or staff scheduling, is a difficult and time consuming problem that...



6 Pages (2,102 Words) - Last Modified:
24th July, 2017




Evolution in Management Theory
1DISSERTATION ON STEVEN E ELSE THESIS
Introduction
The evolution in management theory over the last century is the history of the constantly changing role...



8 Pages (3,132 Words) - Last Modified:
24th July, 2017




Airline Competitive Advantage
During turbulent 1970s and early part of 1980s, marketing was a comparatively unimportant activity among airline companies around the world due to stringent industry regulation...



6 Pages (2,064 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Most Effective Management Style for a Modern Workplace
Executive Summary
This leadership project is a study of effective leadership in modern business organizations.
This project begins with an introduction on leadership, a review of leadership...



17 Pages (6,468 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Importance of Stakeholders
Project management is the discipline of supervising all the different resources and aspects of the project in such a way so that the resources will...



8 Pages (2,969 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Career Development Essay
Jump to: Phases of Career Development | Career Development System | Steps for Career Development Plan | How to Create a...



20 Pages (7,927 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Buying Decision Behaviour
1.0 Introduction
Understanding consumer buying behaviour is crucial for successful marketing. Consumer buying behaviour is defined as the buying behaviour of final consumers, individuals and households...



5 Pages (1,803 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Functions of Human Resource Management
SYNOPSIS
In this assignment the author has done a detailed study of human resource management and studied in detail the functions of human resource management -...



26 Pages (10,001 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Autocratic-Democratic Continuum Model
Leadership
This review begins with various definitions of 'leadership'. It then introduces different styles of leadership from a variety of authors.
The issue of leadership is an...



14 Pages (5,342 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Woolworths Australia History
Woolworths has the biggest supermarket chain in Australia and is owned by the Woolworths Limited. Woolworths Limited was established in 1924 with the initial store...



13 Pages (4,991 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Toyota Philosophy of Kaizen
In the bend of the seventies, the scientific management (Taylorism and Fordism) appears in gap growing, out of step with the new standards of the...



8 Pages (2,989 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Starbucks HR Policies and Practices
In this essay the impacts of Human Resource Management (HRM) policies are evaluated on organizational performance with a thorough study of Starbucks. It provides complete...



9 Pages (3,413 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Role of HR in Construction Industry
Carry out and report on an analysis of the theoretical and practical issues of a current HR issue of your choice.
"Human Resources are vital to...



7 Pages (2,534 Words) - Last Modified:
20th July, 2017




Ryanair Strategic Capabilities
Last November 22nd, the low-cost airline Ryanair was making news once more after the announcement of a 30 traffic reduction on its flights departing from...



7 Pages (2,663 Words) - Last Modified:
20th July, 2017




Models of Entry into International Business
International business or Global marketing is growing at a fast rate and there are more than 180 nations-sates in the world with different market and...



7 Pages (2,737 Words) - Last Modified:
20th July, 2017




Importance of Planning in Management
Planning can be defined as a process of making a sketch of various courses to achieve goals and objectives. Success and growth of an organization...



3 Pages (1,174 Words) - Last Modified:
20th July, 2017




Modern Banking in India
INTRODUCTION OF BANKING:-
Modern banking in India is said to be developed during the British era. In the first half of the 19th century, the British...



8 Pages (3,141 Words) - Last Modified:
20th July, 2017




British Airways Organisational Planning
Introduction
The purpose of this report is to identify different types of planning that organisations use in order to achieve there objectives and goals. This report...



5 Pages (1,673 Words) - Last Modified:
18th July, 2017




Air France Organizational Structure
Air France-KLM is an international airline company and a member of the Skyteam airline partnership. The Group was created on May 5, 2004, following Air...



9 Pages (3,396 Words) - Last Modified:
18th July, 2017




Small and Large Business Differences
The assignment is in the form of a report which is aimed to support the proposal; “small business needs a different management style to large...



16 Pages (6,186 Words) - Last Modified:
18th July, 2017




McDonalds Employee Relations
Q.a. What may McDonalds have considered in order to establish their approaches to collective bargaining in both Germany and the UK? To answer the above...



12 Pages (4,605 Words) - Last Modified:
18th July, 2017




Management by Objectives (MBO)
Motivating employees seems to be a challenge for managers - Discuss the advantages and disadvantages of the MBO program and provide at least one example...



7 Pages (2,674 Words) - Last Modified:
18th July, 2017




Relationship between Social Responsibility and Profitability
There are numerous factors affecting the organizational profitability; one of the important factors is corporate social responsibility. This paper tries to examine the relationship between...



10 Pages (3,638 Words) - Last Modified:
18th July, 2017




Concerns of Performance Management
In this chapter the nature, aims, characteristics, concerns and guiding principles of performance management are described. In addition, the differences between performance appraisal and performance...



9 Pages (3,566 Words) - Last Modified:
18th July, 2017




Quality Management Concept
This report mainly discusses quality management. The concept of quality management and its four different quality management schemes adopt in commercial operations. And briefly discuss...



6 Pages (2,307 Words) - Last Modified:
17th July, 2017




Deloitte HR Strategy Framework
A major factor in the success of high performing organizations is their people. Hence today, HR function is faced with the challenge of developing people...



3 Pages (886 Words) - Last Modified:
17th July, 2017




Gender and Leadership Style
Introduction
Leadership has had a great impact on the culture, history, and civilization of humankind, thus theoretical explanations for it have been extended throughout the history....



12 Pages (4,532 Words) - Last Modified:
17th July, 2017




Approaches to Employee Retention
Attracting and retaining the quality staff is the competitive advantage for many organizations in challenging economic environment. There are two main approaches to attracting and...



14 Pages (5,263 Words) - Last Modified:
17th July, 2017




Value Chain of Mariott Hotel
Im writing this assignment to give a complete idea about the business model of Value Chain and how can be applied into the hospitality industry...



8 Pages (3,108 Words) - Last Modified:
17th July, 2017




Employee Turnover Causes and Effects
In today's highly dynamic commercial work, it is becoming a challenge for jobseekers to find jobs that best fit their personality, and for employers to...



13 Pages (4,835 Words) - Last Modified:
17th July, 2017




Leadership in Organizational Settings
Leadership can be defined as the ability to influence, motivate, and enable other people to contribute toward the effectiveness and success of the organizations of...



11 Pages (4,298 Words) - Last Modified:
17th July, 2017













 















Barclays Bank PLC Credit Rating - Moody's






















































Yes
No





























About Moody'sCareersRegulatory AffairsTerms of UseContact UsAbout Moody'sCompany OverviewInvestor RelationsMedia RelationsCorporate Social ResponsibilityAlumni













GO






































There are too many sessions currently in use on this account















Log In




Cancel


































Research & Ratings

OverviewRatings NewsRating MethodologiesRatings DisclosuresRatings PerformanceRegulatory AffairsCode of Professional ConductSector in DepthLook Up a RatingFind an AnalystInteractive ChartsMarket SegmentCorporatesFinancial InstitutionsStructured FinanceManaged InvestmentsInfrastructure & Project FinanceSovereign & SupranationalSub-SovereignU.S. Public FinanceRegionNorth AmericaLatin America & CaribbeanEurope, Middle East & AfricaAsia PacificResearch TypeIssuer ResearchIndustry / Sector ResearchMethodologyCapital Markets ResearchDefault & Ratings AnalyticsEconomic ResearchData ReportsPolitical / Economic GroupEmerging MarketsEuropean UnionAsia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC)Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)EurozoneGulf Cooperation CouncilMercosurOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  (OECD)Credit PolicyRating MethodologiesRequests for CommentThe Commercial GroupHow to Get RatedRatings DefinitionsRatings Policy & Approach



Products & Solutions

OverviewProducts Listing by A - ZMoody's AnalyticsMoody's Pricing & Valuations ToolsMoody's Advisory ServicesMoody's Economy.comMoody’s Training & CertificationSolutionsAsset and Liability Management SolutionsCredit Origination SolutionsCredit Risk SolutionsData SolutionsEconomic SolutionsInsurance SolutionsInvestment & Pensions SolutionsLearning Solutions and CertificationsPortfolio Management SolutionsRegulatory and Accounting SolutionsStructured Finance SolutionsAccess ProductsCredit Risk CalculatorCredit Transition ModelCredit TrendsCreditEdge®Default Recovery Database (DRD)Default Risk Service - StructuredFund MonitoringLossCalc™Market Implied Ratings (MIR®)Moody's Financial Metrics™Moody's Project Finance ScorecardMoody's Quantitative Ratings Estimator (QRATE)Municipal Financial Ratio AnalysisRatings InteractiveRiskCalc™



News & Events

OverviewRatings NewsEventsTraining EventsTopics





Log In
Register







            Log In 

            Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.











                    User Name:





                    Password:









                Automatically log me in when I return





                Log In





                Forgot your Username or Password?




        Or Log In using:

























Please Note


We brought you to this page based on your search query. If this isn't what you are looking for, you can continue to Search Results for ""
















The maximum number of items you can export is 3,000.
  Please reduce your list by using the filtering tool to the left.









Close








































































Back to Previous Page



















Please Log In to access this content






Registered User


        Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.








            User Name:





            Password:








            Automatically log me in when I return



            Log In





            Forgot your Username or Password?



        Or Log In using:
    







Not Registered Yet?

Register now to get FREE access to:
Issuer Ratings.
Ratings on over 170,000 corporate, government and structured finance securities.
Events Calendar.
Information about training seminars, briefings, and teleconferences.
Watchlists.
Listings of issuers under review for rating changes.
Rating Methodologies.
Descriptive frameworks underlying Moody's ratings.

 

Register Now

















Barclays Bank PLC



Ticker:BCS
Moody's Org ID:92500
Market Segment:Financial Institutions
Industry:NON-U.S. BANK
Domicile:UNITED KINGDOM




Please Log In to view this content.



















                                    Research



                                    Ratings



                                    Family Tree



                                    Market Signals

















    Issuer Research


    Covered Bond Research


    Industry Research


    Family Tree Research


    Methodology






Results 
        1 - 50
Of 
        195


 
        Page 
        
        
Of 
        4 
        






                Filter By:
            


Document Type - All
Analysis
Announcement
Banking Statistics
Banking System Outlook
Credit Focus
Credit Opinion
Issuer Comment
Issuer In-Depth
Issuer Profile
Market Comment
Market Signals Review
Operational Risk Assessment
Pre-Sale Report
Rating Action
Rating Update
Sector Comment
Sector In-Depth
Special Comment


Source - All
Moody's Investors Service
Moody's Analytics







Date
    
    



Document Type
    



                        Title
                    

                        Source
                    




                    29 Jun 2017
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's: UK banks' variations in mortgage credit metrics mask differences in mortgage credit quality





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    21 Jun 2017
                

                    Issuer Comment
                













                                    Barclays Plc: Serious Fraud Office Charges Related to 2008 Capital Raising Increase Risk for Creditors





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    21 Jun 2017
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's: UK banks' profitability, funding and liquidity to receive boost from BoE low cost funding scheme





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    08 May 2017
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's: Profits up for European Global Investment Banks in Q1 amid strong capital markets results





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    04 May 2017
                

                    Credit Opinion
                














                                    Barclays Plc: Update following the publication of the Q1 2017 financial results





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    02 May 2017
                

                    Issuer Comment
                













                                    Barclays PLC: Q1 2017 Results: Core Performance Continues to Improve But Goodwill Write-down Weighs on Group Profits





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    14 Mar 2017
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's: Barclays' Restructuring causes earnings pain but lays the groundwork for sustained profitability





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    14 Mar 2017
                

                    Issuer In-Depth
                













                                    Barclays Plc: Restructuring causes earnings pain but lays the groundwork for sustained profitability





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    02 Mar 2017
                

                    Issuer Comment
                













                                    Absa Bank Will Benefit from Separation Agreement with Barclays Bank





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    24 Feb 2017
                

                    Issuer Comment
                













                                    Barclays plc: Full-Year and Q4 2016 Results: Progress on Non-Core Rundown Continues to Depress Profits But Solvency Strengthens





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    24 Jan 2017
                

                    Issuer In-Depth
                













                                    Barclays Plc: Sub-par profitability and uncertain operating conditions weigh on standalone credit strength, despite strategic progress





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    14 Dec 2016
                

                    Credit Opinion
                














                                    Barclays Plc: Update following the upgrade of Barclays and Barclays Bank's senior unsecured ratings to Baa2 and A1, respectively





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    12 Dec 2016
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's upgrades Barclays Plc's long-term ratings to Baa2 from Baa3; outlook negative





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    30 Nov 2016
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's: Bank of England stress test highlights overall resilience despite weaknesses to global exposures and conduct risk





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    27 Oct 2016
                

                    Issuer Comment
                













                                    Barclays plc: Q3 2016 Results: Higher Credit Charges and Conduct Costs Offset Benefits from Market Share Gains and a Weaker Pound





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    11 Oct 2016
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's: European Global Investment Banks' de-risking will slow with heightened market uncertainty





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    26 Sep 2016
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's: UK Ring-Fencing Rules To Impact Banks' Credit Fundamentals





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    25 Aug 2016
                

                    Credit Opinion
                













                                    Barclays Plc: Quarterly Update





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    01 Aug 2016
                

                    Issuer Comment
                













                                    Barclays PLC: Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Commentary





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    20 Jul 2016
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's: Negative outlook on UK's banking system reflects uncertainty following Brexit vote





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    07 Jul 2016
                

                    Sector In-Depth
                













                                    Banks - UK: Brexit Vote Poses Pressures on Creditworthiness, Prompts Outlook Changes





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    30 Jun 2016
                

                    Credit Opinion
                














                                    Barclays Plc: Post Rating Action Update





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    28 Jun 2016
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's changes outlook on 12 UK banks and building societies following UK vote to leave the EU; ratings of 16 UK banks and building societies affirmed





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    19 May 2016
                

                    Credit Focus
                













                                    Barclays plc: Restructuring Weakens Profitability, but Charts a Path to Longer-Term Credit Strength





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    18 May 2016
                

                    Credit Opinion
                













                                    Barclays Plc: Post Rating Action Update





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    10 May 2016
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's affirms Barclays' ratings; outlook stable





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    05 May 2016
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's: UK banks face increased funding costs and challenges to operating models amid uncertainty around Brexit vote





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    27 Apr 2016
                

                    Issuer Comment
                













                                    Barclays plc: First Quarter 2016 Results Evidence High Non-Core Charges, in Line with Management Guidance





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    09 Mar 2016
                

                    Market Signals Review
                













                                    Market Signals Review: Barclays PLC: Market-Implied Ratings Weaken





                    Moody's Analytics
                



                    02 Mar 2016
                

                    Issuer Comment
                













                                    Barclays Plc: Fourth Quarter 2015 Results: Conduct Costs And Non-Core Expenses Drive Fourth Quarter And Full Year Losses





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    01 Mar 2016
                

                    Issuer In-Depth
                













                                    Barclays Plc: Latest actions are positive for long-term capital and funding positions but weaken current profitability





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    25 Jan 2016
                

                    Issuer Comment
                













                                    Barclays plc: Barclays’ withdrawal from some non-core markets is credit positive and signals acceleration of its business plan





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    17 Nov 2015
                

                    Announcement
                














                                    Moody's: Litigation charges put global investment banks' shock absorbers to the test





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    15 Nov 2015
                

                    Credit Opinion
                














                                    Barclays Bank PLC





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    30 Oct 2015
                

                    Issuer Comment
                













                                    Barclays plc: Q3 2015 Results Highlight Challenges of Non-Core Losses and High Litigation and Conduct Costs





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    16 Oct 2015
                

                    Sector Comment
                













                                    Banks - United Kingdom: New Rules Credit Positive for Ring-Fenced Bank and Holdco Creditors  





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    05 Oct 2015
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's: Legacy assets continue to weigh on five European global investment banks





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    05 Oct 2015
                

                    Credit Focus
                













                                    Global Investment Banks - Europe: Wind-down of Legacy Assets Has Reduced but Not Eliminated Tail Risk





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    23 Sep 2015
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's: Litigation and conduct remediation charges pose risks for UK's largest banks





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    13 Aug 2015
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's: Barclays' business plan progresses; however, weak profitability limits financial flexibility





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    13 Aug 2015
                

                    Credit Focus
                













                                    Barclays plc: Balance Sheet Restructuring Progresses, However, Lagging Profitability Limits Financial Flexibility





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    31 Jul 2015
                

                    Issuer Comment
                













                                    Barclays plc: Q2 2015 Results Confirm Capital and Leverage Improvements, Increase in Profitability Despite Conduct Charges





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    31 Jul 2015
                

                    Issuer Comment
                













                                    Barclays plc: Q2 2015 Results Confirm Capital and Leverage Improvements, Increase in Profitability Despite Conduct Charges





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    09 Jul 2015
                

                    Issuer Comment
                













                                    Barclays plc: Barclays’ management changes signal commitment to accelerate existing strategy, a credit positive





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    09 Jul 2015
                

                    Issuer Comment
                













                                    Barclays plc: Barclays’ management changes signal commitment to accelerate existing strategy, a credit positive





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    15 Jun 2015
                

                    Market Signals Review
                













                                    Market Signals Review: Barclays PLC’s Two Market-Implied Ratings Follow Different Paths





                    Moody's Analytics
                



                    15 Jun 2015
                

                    Market Signals Review
                













                                    Market Signals Review: Barclays PLC’s Two Market-Implied Ratings Follow Different Paths





                    Moody's Analytics
                



                    28 May 2015
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's concludes reviews on 13 global investment banks' ratings





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    28 May 2015
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's upgrades long-term ratings of municipal VRDBs supported by Barclays Bank PLC





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    30 Apr 2015
                

                    Issuer Comment
                













                                    Barclays Plc: First Quarter 2015 Results Support Current Ratings but Provisions and Legacy Charges Constrain Profits





                    Moody's Investors Service
                





Results 
        1 - 50
Of 
        195


 
        Page 
        
        
Of 
        4 
        














                CBCovered Bond Programme




                6The rating history for this credit rating accurately reflects the current status of the (sf) indicator but, due to technical limitations, does not accurately reflect the (sf) indicator history. Please visit the Research tab to view the press release(s) announcing when the (sf) indicator was added or removed.


For credit ratings that are derived exclusively from an existing credit rating of a program, series, category/class of debt, support provider or primary rated entity, or that replace a previously assigned provisional rating at the same rating level, Moody’s publishes a rating announcement on that series, category/class of debt or program as a whole, on the support provider or primary rated entity, or on the provisional rating, but often does not publish a specific rating announcement on each subsequent bond or note for which the credit rating is derived from the existing credit rating. Rating announcements are usually press releases classified as Rating Actions on www.moodys.com. Please refer to the Research tab on the issuer/entity page for the rating announcement.
















Moody's Integrity Hotline
EU

001-800-506-1440
Japan

KDDI: 00-539-111 then 888-320-1668
NTT: 0034-811-001 then 888-320-1668
Outside of the EU and Japan

1-866-330-MDYS (6397)



Browse By
HomeResearch & RatingsProducts & SolutionsNews & EventsCareers


Contact Us
Help & SupportContact UsSubmit a Complaint


Terms & Conditions
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyProprietary Rights





            © 2017 Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their affiliates and licensors. All rights reserved.
        

           Regional Sites:
            
GlobalArgentinaAsiaAustraliaBoliviaBrazilCanadaCEEChinaCzech RepublicCISEMEAFranceGermanyIndonesiaIndiaItalyJapanKoreaMexicoMiddle EastPolandSouth AfricaSpainTurkeyTaiwanUruguay






























































































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Open a Premier High Yield Savings Account | CIT Bank















































CIT Bank Logo
CIT Bank




Member FDIC

Member FDIC Logo
CIT Bank is a member of FDIC








Sign in to Online Banking
Please enter your Online Banking ID



Remember Me


Enroll in Online Banking


Sign in to Another Account
Home Loan Sign in





Set Your Sights HighOpen a Premier High Yield Savings Account!
1.30APY1on balances up to $100,000


+


100cash bonus 2



That's more than 20x the national average!3
Get StartedPromotion code: PREMIER must be entered at account opening





$100 Minimum Opening Deposit
No Fees to Open or Maintain
Daily Compounding Interest
24/7 Secure Online Banking
US-based Customer Service
FDIC Insured





Account Balance Tiers
TOTAL Balance APY*


$0 - $100,000
1.30%


$100,000.01 and more
1.25%



*Interest will be paid on the entire account balance based on the interest rate and APY in effect that day for the balance tier associated with the end-of-day account balance.
Important: See our FAQs below for tips on how to ensure your account Earns our top Premier High Yield Savings APY.


Bonus Details

Account must be opened with Promotional Code "PREMIER" by September 8, 2017
Account must be funded within 30 days of account opening
Funds used to qualify for bonus must be new funds, not already or recently on deposit with CIT Bank or OneWest Bank
Must maintain a minimum $15,000 monthly balance for the first 3 full monthly statement cycles.
Limit one Premier High Yield Savings account bonus offer per customer. If multiple accounts are opened by a customer, only one account will be eligible for the bonus.
Customers who received a CIT Bank bonus payment or enrolled in another CIT Bank bonus offer between January 1, 2017 and July 14, 2017 (regardless of whether the bonus has yet been paid) are not eligible for this Premier High Yield Savings account bonus offer.

See below for full details.





Your Money Grows Faster with CIT Bank4




How do I open my Premier High Yield Savings Account?
It's easy and fast. Get started by going to our Open a CIT Bank Account page. Then follow the easy steps to complete your application. Have the following information handy:

Social Security number
Driver's license or other valid state identification
A check or your bank routing and account numbers from the account you'll be using to fund your new CIT Bank Premier High Yield Savings Account
Names and personal details (Social Security number, valid ID) of any joint account holders and/or designated beneficiaries


Premier High Yield Savings Account FAQs
I noticed that the APY will be lower if my balance exceeds $100,000.  How can I ensure I get and maintain the top APY offered on my Premier High Yield Savings Account?
The Premier High Yield Savings account features exceptional interest rates, and our top APY is reserved for savers with balances no greater than $100,000.  Once the balance rises above $100,000, the APY will decline.   To get and maintain the top APY offered (currently 1.30%), keep your balance (and this includes deposits AND interest) below $100,000.  If your balance exceeds $100,000 your APY will decline to 1.25%, based on current rates.  The Premier High Yield Savings Account is a variable rate account and the interest rates may change without notice.
What can I do to set an alert on my account to notify me of my balance level?
After you open an account, you'll receive an email with simple instructions on how to create an alert  that will notify you when your balance reaches a set level.  It's fast and easy to set up.




1 APY  -  Annual Percentage Yields (APYs) are accurate as of July 7, 2017: 1.30% APY on balances of $100,000 or less; 1.25% APY on balances greater than $100,000. Interest is paid on the entire account balance based on the interest rate and APY in effect that day for the balance tier associated with the end-of-day account balance. For example: A balance of $95,000 will earn 1.30% APY, and a balance of $105,000 will earn 1.25% APY. Minimum opening deposit is $100. Interest rates for the Premier High Yield Savings account are variable and may change at any time without prior notice.
2 Limited-time bonus offer.  The bonus offer of $100 is valid on Premier High Yield Savings accounts opened using promotional code PREMIER between July 7, 2017 and September 8, 2017, provided that all of the following requirements are met, and subject to the additional limitations shown below:

The account must be funded within 30 calendar days from the account opening date.
A Monthly Balance of at least $15,000 must be maintained for the first three full statement cycles.  A full statement cycle is defined as beginning the first day of a month and ending the last day of that same month.  For example, if an account were opened on July 10, 2017, the first full statement cycle would be for the period of August 1 through August 31, 2017; the July statement cycle would be excluded because it covers only part of the month. For bonus purposes, the Monthly Balance for each full statement cycle is calculated as follows: at the end of each day, the Premier High Yield Savings account balance is recorded.  When the statement cycle ends, these end-of-day balances are added together and then divided by the number of days in the statement cycle to determine the Monthly Balance.  
All funds used to qualify for bonus eligibility must be new funds.  Funds on deposit with CIT Bank, N.A. or its OneWest Bank division at any time during the 90 days preceding account opening are ineligible and will not be included in the calculation of the Monthly Balance.
The account must remain open and in good standing at the time of the bonus payment or the bonus will be forfeited.  

Additional bonus limitations:Limit one Premier High Yield Savings account bonus offer per customer.  If multiple accounts are opened by a customer, only one account will be eligible for the bonus. 
Customers who received a CIT Bank bonus payment or enrolled in another CIT Bank bonus offer between January 1, 2017 and July 14, 2017 (regardless of whether the bonus has yet been paid) are not eligible for this Premier High Yield Savings account bonus offer.
A $100 bonus will be deposited to the Premier High Yield Savings account of the qualified customer within 45 days of the end of the third full statement cycle following account opening.  For example, a customer who qualified for the bonus on a Premier High Yield Savings account opened on July 10, 2017, would receive a statement credit of $100 no later than December 15, 2017.
The bonus payment is reported as interest earned on IRS Form 1099-INT for the calendar year in which it was paid.  Recipient is responsible for any applicable taxes.
3 National average annual percentage yield (APY) on savings accounts as published in the FDIC Weekly National Rates and Rate Caps, accurate as of as of July 7, 2017.
4 Comparison Bank APYs - Annual Percentage Yield for each bank's Savings Account is accurate as of July 7, 2017. Info taken directly from bank websites. CIT Bank, Bank of America, Wells Fargo, Chase
5 For more information, visit https://bankoncit.com/awards/







External link disclaimer

      CIT Bank has no control over information at any site hyperlinked to or from this Site. CIT Bank makes no representation concerning and is not responsible for the quality, content, nature, or reliability of any hyperlinked site and is providing this hyperlink to you only as a convenience. The inclusion of any hyperlink does not imply any endorsement, investigation, verification, or monitoring by CIT Bank of any information in any hyperlinked site. In no event shall CIT Bank be responsible for your use of a hyperlinked site.
    

Go back
Continue


×



Email disclaimer

      Notice: Because there is a risk that information transmitted via Internet email could fall into the wrong hands, CIT Bank suggests that confidential information, such as account numbers or social security numbers, not be transmitted via email. Instead, please contact CIT Bank directly at 855-462-2652. Thank you.
    

Go back
Send Email


×






 855-462-2652



STEP 1 - After you click "Continue", the next page will open and prompt you to enter your User ID. Your User ID is the same as your previous Online Banking ID, but entered in all lowercase letters.


          Previous Online Banking ID: 
New User ID: 

STEP 2 - Follow the instructions on the screen to get your one-time security code. (If your mobile or home telephone number is not listed as an option, you will need to contact us at 855-462-2652 to add it to your online banking profile in order for you to continue.)STEP 3 - In order to sign in the first time, you will be required to enter your temporary password, which is Monday@ followed by the last 3 digits of your Social Security number.


For example:
          - If your Social Security number is 123-45-6789
          - Then your temporary password will be Monday@789

STEP 4 - Finally, you must reset your password to finish. Follow the instructions after signing in.

Download instructions
                 
          


×



RampUp™ Plus CD Video














PausePlayMuteUnmute


×



CD Laddering Video














PausePlayMuteUnmute


×



Disclosures
5/1 Adjustable-Rate MortgageThe 5/1 Adjustable-Rate Mortgage is a 30-year mortgage, with fully amortizing principal and interest payments and an initial 5-year fixed rate period. After the 5-year fixed period, the payments, interest rate and annual percentage rate may increase or decrease.EXAMPLE: a $2,000,000 loan with a loan-to-value ratio of 75% and an applicant FICO score of 720 or above, for a purchase transaction of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California. At the advertised rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the total closing costs of , the monthly payment would be  for the first 60 months. Beginning at month 61, assuming a new interest rate of %, the new payment would be  until the next annual change date. The rate and payment may change annually based on changes to the index value.Important DisclosuresThe above example for payments beginning at month 61 was calculated using the 1 Year LIBOR index rate of %, a margin of %, and assumes that the 1 Year LIBOR index remains unchanged for the life of the loan. Rates, points and LIBOR index are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Advertised initial rate for months 1-60 includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for property taxes and insurance premiums and as a result your actual obligation will be greater. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown and are subject to review of credit and collateral. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.With interest-only loans, your required payment will increase over time. Your loan balance will not decrease unless you pay more than the required interest-only payment during the initial stages of repayment.For the following examples, the interest rate and annual percentage rate were calculated using a sample loan of $417,000 based on the loan term indicated and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the purchase of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 740 or above.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Rates include the CIT Bank Relationship Discount is 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The rates displayed require the establishment of an escrow account upon closing. Rates and terms subject to change without notice. Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.30-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.For the following examples, the interest rates and annual percentage rates were calculated using a sample loan of $2,000,000 and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the purchase of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 720 or above.Advertised rates includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown and are subject to review of credit and collateral. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.Fully Amortizing and Interest-Only Adjustable-Rate MortgagesCIT Bank offers adjustable-rate mortgages with 30 year loan terms and initial fixed-rate periods of 5, 7 or 10 years. Any of these loan types can be fully amortizing with monthly payments of principal and interest which will fully repay the loan by its maturity date, or they can have monthly payments of interest-only which will not repay any principal during the interest-only period of 120 months (10 years), after which the loan has fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the remaining 20 years of the term. For all of these products, after the initial fixed-rate period the interest rate and monthly payments are subject to change annually based on changes to the Index.The examples shown below were calculated using the 1 Year LIBOR index (the average of the Interbank offered rates for one-year, U.S. dollar-denominated deposits in the London market as published in the Wall Street Journal) rate of %, a margin of %, and assumes that the 1 Year LIBOR index remains unchanged for the life of the loan. Rates, points and LIBOR index are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Type of MortgageFixed PeriodAdjustable Period1 APRPointsClosing CostsInitial RateInitial (Principal and Interest) PaymentFully Indexed Rate rounded to the nearest 1/8%Monthly (Principal and Interest) Payment5/1 LIBOR ARM Fully Amortizing%%% for 60 months for 60 months% for months 61 - 360 for months 61 - 3605/1 LIBOR ARM Interest-Only%%% for 60 months for 60 months% for months 61 - 360 for months 61 - 360 for months 121 - 3607/1 LIBOR ARM Fully Amortizing%%% for 84 months for 84 months% for months 85 - 360 for months 85 - 3607/1 LIBOR ARM Interest-Only%%% for 84 months for 84 months% for months 85 - 360 for months 85 - 120 for months 121 - 36010/1 LIBOR ARM Fully Amortizing%%% for 120 months for 120 months% for months 121 - 360 for months 121 - 36010/1 LIBOR ARM Interest-Only%%% for 120 months for 120 months% for months 121 - 360 for months 121 - 3601The disclosed rate and payment apply at the end of the fixed-rate period and are subject to change annually thereafter.For the following examples, the interest rate and annual percentage rate were calculated using a sample loan of $417,000 based on the loan term indicated and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the purchase of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 740 or above.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Rates include the CIT Bank Relationship Discount is 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The rates displayed require the establishment of an escrow account upon closing. Rates and terms subject to change without notice. Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.Conforming Fixed-Rate Mortgages30-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.25-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 25-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.20-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 20-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.15-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 15-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.10-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 10-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Jumbo Fixed-Rate MortgagesAdvertised rates includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.15 Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 15-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % with % points and closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), a loan of $2,000,000 would have an APR of % and a monthly payment of . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.30 Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % with % points and closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), a loan of $2,000,000 would have an APR of % and a monthly payment of . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.5/1 Adjustable-Rate MortgageThe 5/1 Adjustable-Rate Mortgage is a 30-year mortgage, with fully amortizing principal and interest payments and an initial 5-year fixed rate period. After the 5-year fixed period, the interest rate and payments will fluctuate for the remainder of the loan term. During this time, payments, interest rate and annual percentage rate may increase or decrease. Payments are fully amortized.EXAMPLE: a $2,000,000 loan for a refinance transaction of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California with a minimum FICO score of 720, at the advertised rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the total closing costs of , would have a monthly payment of  for the first 60 months. Beginning at month 61, the rate would change. Assuming a new interest rate of %, the new payment would be  and is subject to change annually based on changes to the index value.DisclosuresThe above example was calculated using the 1 Year LIBOR index rate of %, a margin of %, and assumes that the 1 Year LIBOR index remains unchanged for the life of the loan. Rates, points and LIBOR index are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Advertised initial rate for months 1-60 includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for property taxes and insurance premiums and as a result your actual obligation will be greater. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown and are subject to review of credit and collateral. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.With interest-only loans, your required payment will increase over time. Your loan balance will not decrease unless you pay more than the required interest-only payment during the initial stages of repayment.For the following examples, the interest rate and annual percentage rate were calculated using a sample loan of $417,000 based on the loan term indicated and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the refinance of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 740 or above.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Rates include the CIT Bank Relationship Discount is 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The rates displayed require the establishment of an escrow account upon closing. Rates and terms subject to change without notice. Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.30-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.The examples shown below were calculated using the 1 Year LIBOR index (the average of the Interbank offered rates for one-year, U.S. dollar-denominated deposits in the London market as published in the Wall Street Journal) rate of %, a margin of %, and assumes that the 1 Year LIBOR index remains unchanged for the life of the loan. Rates, points and LIBOR index are as of  and are subject to change without notice.The interest rates and annual percentage rates were calculated using a sample loan of $2,000,000 and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the refinance of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 720 or above.Advertised rates includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown and are subject to review of credit and collateral. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.Fully Amortizing and Interest-Only Adjustable-Rate MortgagesCIT Bank offers adjustable-rate mortgages with 30 year loan terms and initial fixed-rate periods of 5, 7 or 10 years. Any of these loan types can be fully amortizing with monthly payments of principal and interest which will fully repay the loan by its maturity date, or they can have monthly payments of interest-only which will not repay any principal during the interest-only period of 120 months (10 years), after which the loan has fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the remaining 20 years of the term. For all of these products, after the initial fixed-rate period the interest rate and monthly payments are subject to change annually based on changes to the Index.The examples shown below were calculated using the 1 Year LIBOR index (the average of the Interbank offered rates for one-year, U.S. dollar-denominated deposits in the London market as published in the Wall Street Journal) rate of %, a margin of %, and assumes that the 1 Year LIBOR index remains unchanged for the life of the loan. Rates, points and LIBOR index are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Type of MortgageFixed PeriodAdjustable Period1 APRPointsClosing CostsInitial RateInitial (Principal and Interest) PaymentFully Indexed Rate rounded to the nearest 1/8%Monthly (Principal and Interest) Payment5/1 LIBOR ARMFully Amortizing%%% for 60 months for 60 months% for months 61 - 360 for months 61 - 3605/1 LIBOR ARMInterest-Only%%% for 60 months for 60 months% for months 61 - 360 for months 61 - 360 for months 121 - 3607/1 LIBOR ARMFully Amortizing%%% for 84 months for 84 months% for months 85 - 360 for months 85 - 3607/1 LIBOR ARMInterest-Only%%% for 84 months for 84 months% for months 85 - 120 for months 85 - 120 for months 121 - 36010/1 LIBOR ARMFully Amortizing%%% for 120 months for 120 months% for months 121 - 360 for months 121 - 36010/1 LIBOR ARMInterest-Only%%% for 120 months for 120 months% for months 121 - 360 for months 121 - 3601The disclosed rate and payment apply at the end of the fixed-rate period and are subject to change annually thereafter.For the following examples, the interest rate and annual percentage rate were calculated using a sample loan of $417,000 based on the loan term indicated and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the refinance of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 740 or above.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Rates include the CIT Bank Relationship Discount is 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The rates displayed require the establishment of an escrow account upon closing. Rates and terms subject to change without notice. Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.Conforming Fixed-Rate Mortgages30-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.25-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 25-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.20-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 20-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.15-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 15-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.10-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 10-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Jumbo Fixed-Rate MortgagesAdvertised rates includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.15 Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 15-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % with % points and closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), a loan of $2,000,000 would have an APR of % and a monthly payment of . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.30 Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % with % points and closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), a loan of $2,000,000 would have an APR of % and a monthly payment of . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.

×





Selected products ()

Compare selections
View all products
Open an account







Remove all
|
Hide comparison






Product
APY**
Minimum balances
Available as IRA
Available as Custodial




Close chart








APY**






Minimum balances






Available as IRA






Available as Custodial










                Securely sending your request.









































 


                Maximum reached
                ×


                No more than 10 items can be selected at a time.
            



                Confirm account type for each product.
                ×










Cancel
Submit








Home Page | Barclays




























 


Open an account
Log in



					Call
        			888-710-8756

7 days a week, 8am to 8pm ET
Increase text size











Reach your savings goals with Barclays Online Banking

Learn more










Online Savings
An award-winning account with great rates, no minimum balances to open or monthly maintenance fees

Start saving


Online CDs
Terms and rates that’ll get you on the steady path to savings

See CD terms






 (opens pop up)




×Close

Tour our NEW account management website. Now you can to access your account from your smartphone, tablet or computer. Plus, make deposits remotely!




Saving Tip:
		Set up automatic deposits to help you save money regularly.
	



Savings Tip
		Save at least 10% of each paycheck for your future.
	



Savings Tip
		Educate yourself and begin a savings strategy you can follow.
	





We're here to help
Access your account online 24/7, call us 7 days a week,
8 AM to 8 PM ET at 888-710-8756, or check out our FAQs





 



















Online Savings | Barclays




























 


Open an account
Log in



					Call
        			888-710-8756

7 days a week, 8am to 8pm ET
Increase text size








 


Online Savings Account
An award-winning account with rates 15x the national average1


X.XX
%
APY2



Open an account







With our online savings account, you’ll enjoy:



			No monthly maintenance fees
		


			No minimum balances to open
		


			Tools to help you save
		


Our rates are consistently some of the very highest in the nation, plus you’ll also get these great features:

Secure, 24/7 online access to your funds
Online transfers to and from other banks
Direct deposit to make saving simple and easy




Savings Assistant


Whatever you’re saving for, we can help get you there.

Set a savings goal







 


















		Barclays
		
	















































Online Banking
Skip to Main Content






  


888-720-8756 |7 days a week, 8am to 8pm ET













Skip to Main Content















Welcome to Barclays Online Banking











1

Get started (current)





2

Create account (current)





3

Set up your account (current)





4

Link bank account (current)





5

Accept terms (current)






Please enable JavaScript in your browser.










Let's get started with your contact information.  

First name  (required) 
Last name  (required) 
Email address  (required) 
Confirm email address  (required) 
Primary phone number  (required) 

Mobile
Other






Already started an application? 


Already have an account? Log in now.





























Online CDs Page | Barclays




























 


Open an account
Log in



					Call
        			888-710-8756

7 days a week, 8am to 8pm ET
Increase text size








 


Online CDs
A reliable and secure way to see your money grow.


X.XX
%
APY1



Open an account







Our CD Rates


Term
Interest Rate
APY



Online CDs are all reward
Our CDs offer the stability of a fixed-rate annual percentage yield (APY) and FDIC insurance. Plus, you’ll also get:

Interest that compounds daily
No hidden monthly fees or minimum balances to open
Easy fund transfers





CD Calculator

Pick your term and deposit amount and see how the savings can add up.2
Start calculating

Get flexibility with a CD Ladder

CD laddering lets you maximize your earnings, while freeing up some of your investment each year as CDs mature. You decide to either reinvest or cash out your CD.2
Start laddering







 














