


BardyDx | Bardy Diagnostics























































 


































 




We’re close to your heart™




Carnation P-wave centric arrhythmia monitoring

 





HomePatientsProfessionals





Carnation Ambulatory monitor (CAM)™










Actual size is 7” (long), 1 1/2” (at widest point) and 3/8” (deep).
Device weight: 18g

 


CAM™ is the first P-wave centric ECG monitor™ – a single patient use monitor that records continuously for up to 7 days. This focus on the P-wave is a major new tool for cardiologists and cardiac rhythm specialists for accurately diagnosing arrhythmias.

 


Comfortable and Convenient





Bandage size; discreet, lightweight, and easy to use
Can be worn during exercise, sleep, or while showering
Comfortable for extended wear for men and women (7 days) – For women, unique, narrow, hourglass shape discreetly positioned between breasts
CAM report emailed to physician, focuses on actionable events


 













Why monitor
What is carnation
How to use
FAQ







Why Monitor your Heart Rhythm?




Cardiac rhythm disorders can be responsible for uncomfortable sensations in the chest (palpitations), light-headedness, dizziness, loss of consciousness (syncope), difficult breathing, limited exercise capacity, chest pain and cardiac arrest. Moreover, one common heart rhythm disorder, atrial fibrillation, is often unrecognized yet is known to increase the risk of stroke and dementia even when intermittent. Longer, continuous ECG monitoring during normal activities can help your doctor determine if you have an arrhythmia and what kind.

 



















What is Carnation?




The Carnation Ambulatory Monitor (or CAM) is a new, state-of-the-art heart monitor designed to be worn comfortably and discretely by both men and women. The Carnation is placed in the center of your chest, directly over your heart for the best ECG signal collection. It’s state-of-the-art electronics allow recording of the small signals that come from the upper heart chambers needed for optimal diagnosis by your doctor.

 













How to Use





After your doctor or nurse has placed the Carnation heart monitor on your chest, you need to wear it uninterrupted for the time your doctor/nurse instructs you. On some occasions, you will be asked to wear it for one to two days and, on others, up to seven days.
You can exercise and shower while wearing the Carnation but you should not swim while wearing Carnation. While showering, try to limit the stream of water from direct, prolonged flow onto the CAM.
If you are not feeling well you can push the button on the Carnation and record your symptoms in the Patient Diary Booklet.
After the monitoring period you merely remove the patch and return it to be analyzed by your doctor.
Please download and read Application Instructions for more detailed information.





48 Hr CAM Quick Reference Instructions




7 Day CAM Quick Reference Instructions
Patient Instructions Rack Card

 



48 HR
7 DAY




Download 48 HR IFU




DOWNLOAD 7 DAY IFU






Frequently Asked Questions



Can I wear the BardyDx Carnation monitor to work?




Yes, the small and light design of the monitor allows you to continue all normal activities, with the exception of taking a bath/swim (shower is ok). The slim design will minimize anyone even being aware of you wearing a monitor.




Can I wear the monitor while working out?




Yes, the small lightweight design allows you to continue all normal activities (with the exception of taking a bath/swim – shower is ok).




Can I shower while wearing the monitor?




Yes you can shower while wearing the monitor. You cannot submerge the monitor so you can’t take a bath or swim/hot tub while wearing the monitor. Please keep showers short and keep soap and lotions away from the Carnation Ambulatory Monitor.




Can I swim while wearing the monitor?




No, you can’t submerge the monitor. So, you can’t take a bath or swim/ hot tub while wearing the monitor.




How long do I need to wear the monitor?




The monitor is designed to be worn for up to 7 days. You need to speak with your physician to fund out how long your doctor would like you to wear it.




Can I wear my Carnation Monitor while traveling?




Yes, the small and lightweight design allows for normal travel including a TSA check. Included with the monitor is a Patient Diary allowing you to identify yourself to a TSA person as wearing a medical monitor. Please download a copy of the 48 Hr Patient Diary or 7 Day Patient Diary if you need one.




How do I return the monitor?




You need to contact your physician or physician office to find out how to best return the monitor at the end of the monitoring period.




Do I need to re-charge the monitor?




The sophisticated low energy circuitry in your monitor comes with a battery that allows the monitor to function for up to 7 days.




Can I wear my bra while wearing the Carnation Ambulatory Monitor?




The unique hourglass-shape monitor can be comfortably worn by women which includes wearing a bra. The center connector of the bra should be over the narrow portion of the Carnation.




Can I wear normal clothes while wearing the monitor?




Yes, the small, lightweight hour-glass design allows for comfortable wear with normal clothes.




How do I remove the monitor?




When the monitoring period has been completed you can safely remove the monitor. Press your fingers against the skin and slowly peel off the Carnation Ambulatory Monitor while wiping the skin and the device with the Pad to remove adhesive. Please download the 48 Hr Patient Diary or 7 Day Patient Diary with detailed instructions.




Is it ok if the Carnation Ambulatory Monitor peels a little on the sides?




Yes, slight peeling on the edges of the Carnation Ambulatory Monitor is normal and nothing to worry about.




Is it ok if the Carnation Ambulatory Monitor moves sideways or downward on the skin?




Yes, some movement of the Carnation Ambulatory Monitor on the skin is normal and nothing to worry about.




I experience some itching.




It is normal to experience some itching. When itching is severe or hives or blisters develop please contact your doctor.




The Carnation Ambulatory Monitor has fallen off.




Please call your doctor.




I am experiencing severe itching or irritation.




When itching is severe or hives or blisters develop please contact your doctor.




What do I do when I feel a symptom?




Press the button on the Carnation Ambulatory Monitor and write down the symptoms in the Patient Diary you should have received from your doctor.




What does the Carnation Ambulatory Monitor do?




The monitor continuously monitors and records (up to 7 days) your heart signals.




What if I forget to press the button when I feel a symptom?




It is important to push the button when you feel symptoms and note them in your diary. Independent of the button presses the Carnation Ambulatory Monitor will record all signals non-stop for up to 7 days.




What if I don’t have symptoms?




Don’t worry the Carnation Ambulatory Monitor will record all cardiac signals non-stop for up to 7 days.




How do I know the Carnation Ambulatory Monitor is working?




When your doctor applied the Carnation Ambulatory Monitor on your chest they confirmed that the Carnation Ambulatory Monitor is working properly. The monitor doesn’t make a noise or light to let you know its working properly.




Who do I call when I have questions about the Carnation Ambulatory Monitor?




For product-related questions please call 1-844-422-7393.




 







P-Wave Technology
Why Carnation™
Testimonials
How to use







Bardy Diagnostics, Inc.




The company under Dr. Bardy and Dr. Hunt’s expert medical and industry leadership set out to completely redesign an arrhythmia monitor. The objective was to design a sensor that was placed as close as possible to the atria for optimal signal detection and away from muscle noise. The company developed new, state-of-the-art sensor electronics allowing for an ultra low noise floor designed for optimal P-wave detection.
The Carnation ambulatory monitor encompasses all design criteria and allows for unique P-Wave centric detection and analysis while easy to use for both men and women. The company provides clinicians an executive review report focused on actionable events rather than endless data. Its single use, off-the-shelf and stick-on design allows for optimal office economics and gives the physician full control of data and billing.

 View Spec Sheet


P-Wave Technology




Carnation’s unique patented P-Wave centric detection is the result of combining the sensor’s placement on top of the atria over the sternum, away from noisy muscle stimulation, together with extremely low noise electronic circuit design.  The optimal P-Wave sensing is not merely a result of software algorithms, instead it is an integrated and scalable architecture that is designed to optimize visualization of the P-Wave as well as the equally important ventricular signal, the R-Wave.

 







Actual ECG report from Bardy Diagnostics

 








Why Carnation?




The BardyDx Carnation is a new, novel patented arrhythmia monitor.  Its small size and light weight make it a preferred choice for long term monitoring (up to seven days).  Its unique shape makes it a preferred comfortable choice not only for men but especially for women. Its single use, stick-on design provides reliable long term data and simple office management.  The Carnation report will be emailed to the physician.  It is focused on actionable events not just pages of data.  Its flat-fee design gives you control of your patient’s data and billing.

 








Testimonials

 "The simplicity of the Carnation™ monitor is especially important to me and to many of my elderly patients."- Dr. Gene Trobaugh -  Cardiologist - Enumclaw, WA"The CAM™ ECG recorder fits our patient management needs well. Our active male and female patients find it comfortable and easy to use. Its flexible monitoring duration improves our ability to understand and treat patient symptoms."- Dr. Mark Kremers, Cardiologist -  Cardiac Electrophysiologist at Novant Health Heart and Vascular Institute - Charlotte, NC ""The CAM is the best addition to my primary care practice in years.  It adds genuine value for patient and doctor on serious clinical problems.The device is small, easy to apply, and non-intrusive. Almost all patient activities can be conducted unimpeded making compliance much better than any Holter or event monitor I have used previously. I was able to pick up paroxysmal atrial fibrillation in one of my first uses of the device something that had been missed on prior Holters."- Frank Landry, M.D. -


How to Use




Download condensed version of CAM instructions:




48 Hr CAM Quick Reference Instructions




7 Day CAM Quick Reference Instructions











48 HR
7 DAY




Download 48 HR IFU




DOWNLOAD 7 DAY IFU




 

 




































































	BARDY DIAGNOSTICS Trademark of Bardy Diagnostics, Inc.. Serial Number: 86114447 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Medical Instrument Products
BARDY DIAGNOSTICS










 
Get FREE email alerts













BARDY DIAGNOSTICS  Trademark Information
 Bardy Diagnostics, Inc.
Medical apparatus, namely, heart and physiology monitor; Monitoring patches sold without medication for medical purposes for ECG, actigraphy, and other physiological measure monitoring
Medical services




Perfect for these industries

Medical Instrument Products
Medical, Beauty & Agricultural Services 





Words that describe this mark
medical   apparatus         heart   physiology   monitor   monitoring   patches   sold   medication   medical   purposes   ecg      actigraphy      physiological   measure   monitoring    
                                    




This is a brand page for the BARDY DIAGNOSTICS trademark by Bardy Diagnostics, Inc. 
                                in Vashon, WA, 98070.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this BARDY DIAGNOSTICS trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Bardy Diagnostics, Inc. of the BARDY DIAGNOSTICS trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the BARDY DIAGNOSTICS trademark.
                           






On Friday, November 8, 2013,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        BARDY DIAGNOSTICS by 
                        Bardy Diagnostics, Inc., Vashon, WA  98070.
                        The USPTO has given the BARDY DIAGNOSTICS 
                        trademark serial  number of  86114447.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for BARDY DIAGNOSTICS is 
                        
                        
                                            MAKIKO COFFLAND of 
                                            CASCADIA INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY,  12360 LAKE CITY WAY NE STE 501, SEATTLE, WA 98125-5447 
                                .
                            The BARDY DIAGNOSTICS trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Medical Instrument Products
                                , 
                                    Medical, Beauty & Agricultural Services 
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for BARDY DIAGNOSTICS 
                            is Medical apparatus, namely, heart and physiology monitor; Monitoring patches sold without medication for medical purposes for ECG, actigraphy, and other physiological measure monitoring. 
                            





Word mark:
 BARDY DIAGNOSTICS


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

4/11/2017



  Serial Number:  
86114447


  Filing Date:  
11/8/2013


 Registration Number:  
5181906 


 Registration Date:  
4/11/2017


 Goods and Services: 
Medical apparatus, namely, heart and physiology monitor; Monitoring patches sold without medication for medical purposes for ECG, actigraphy, and other physiological measure monitoring


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
5/5/2015


Last Applicant/Owner:

Bardy Diagnostics, Inc.Vashon, WA  98070
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("DIAGNOSTICS")


 Correspondent:


MAKIKO COFFLAND
CASCADIA INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
12360 LAKE CITY WAY NE STE 501
SEATTLE, WA 98125-5447






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (010) - Surgical, medical, dental, and veterinary apparatus and instruments, artificial limbs, eyes, and teeth; orthopedic articles; suture materials.


First Use Anywhere: 
6/1/2015


First Use In Commerce: 
6/1/2015




Primary Class: 
 Class (044) - Medical services; veterinary services; hygienic and beauty care for human beings or animals; agriculture, horticulture and forestry services. 


First Use Anywhere: 
6/1/2015


First Use In Commerce: 
6/1/2015





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your BARDY DIAGNOSTICS trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

4/11/2017
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



MAKIKO COFFLAND


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of BARDY DIAGNOSTICS trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search bardydiagnostics on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for BARDY DIAGNOSTICS 




BARDY DIAGNOSTICS is providing Medical apparatus, namely, heart and physiology monitor; Monitoring patches sold without medication for medical purposes for ECG, actigraphy, and other physiological measure monitoring.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 


















Microbiology Culture Media and Laboratory Supplies - by Hardy Diagnostics                              Partnering with microbiologists to diagnose and prevent diseaseTM  Email |  Call 800-266-2222 | Product Search a culture of service™Menu  Welcome to Hardy DiagnosticsWelcome to Hardy DiagnosticsYou will receive your supplies from a Hardy Diagnostics’  ISO certified  manufacturing facility. This eliminates problems with a “middle man” and ensures a long product shelf life.Set up an account directly with Hardy by selecting Customer Set-up Form under the Customer Service menu.You can  call us  anytime to discuss your  technical needs  and questions. Our customer service is noted for being the best in the industry!You can choose from a  complete selection  of microbiology and laboratory products: over 13,000 of them, including many “hard to find” items.Your shipments are delivered quickly, usually the next day, due to our extensive network  of nine distribution centers across the US.Watch “Hardy Diagnostics – an Employee Owned Company” video.Give us Feedback!Featured ProductsOrum™Trio.Bas™ Biological Air SamplingHardy Diagnostics introduces Trio Bas™ the next generation of air samplers for viable airborne particle sampling in a clean room setting.QuickSlide™ Automated Slide Staining EquipmentHardy Diagnostics introduces the QuickSlide™ Automated Slide Stainers. Click here to learn more about automated slide stainers.Introducing C diff Banana Broth™Hardy Diagnostics introduces C diff Banana Broth&trade; culture and recovery of Clostridium difficile spores and vegetative cells from environmental samples. Click here to learn more.NEW! Dilucup Elegance, Your Serial Dilution SolutionHardy Diagnostics is proud to distribute Dilucup Elegance and the Dilushaker. This serial dilution system saves money, save space, and standardizes the serial dilution process.Strep B Carrot Broth™Strep B Carrot Broth™ is a one-step method for cultivation and isolation of hemolytic strains of GBS. This screening test is an improvement over conventional methods, by increasing sensitivity, decreasing turn around time, while lowering overall cost. More on Carrot Broth.MBL Control OrganismsView the control organisms  catalog including product lines:EZ-Accu Shot™EZ-CFU™ One StepLab-Elite™EPower™EZ-FPC™KWIK-STIK™ Plus, and more!Industry Specific CatalogsView our line of industry specific mini-catalogs – Anaerobic Microbiology, Bovine Mastitis, Food and Beverage, Control Organisms, Pharmaceutical and much more! Click here.Rapid Tests and ReagentsGo Faster! Save valuable time by utilizing the many rapid tests and reagents Hardy Diagnostics has to offer. See our catalog on Rapid Tests and Reagents. Product Search     Hardy BlogDetection of Landmines Using Bacteria by Alani BarajasRead more...MicroBytes NewsletterSign up for our Monthly Newsletter     View Archives News and EventsSales Representative Switch UpHardy Diagnostics is proud to welcome Tracey Lavezzi as she takes her position as the Florida Sales Representative. Cheryl Meyer's territory now includes Georgia, North Carolina, and South Carolina. Lisa Goans is now exclusively the Hardy Diagnostics VWR National Account Manager  View the Map»  CDx Partners with Hardy Hardy Diagnostics has signed an agreement with Crystal Diagnostics to sell and distribute in North America. This agreement adds an equipment line to Hardy’s dominant position in food safety testing reagents and proprietary enrichment media. QuickSlide Acquisition Read press release  Hardy Diagnostics announced today the acquisition of
GG&B Company in Wichita Falls, Texas, maker of innovative automated microscope slide stainers for
laboratory use.                                 


Bardy Diagnostics Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























bardy diagnostics inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Health Care
Industry: Medical Equipment & Devices
Sub-Industry: Medical Devices
Bardy Diagnostics, Inc. develops and delivers cardiac arrhythmia monitoring devices. The company offers a heart monitor device designed to be worn by men and women on chest for ECG signal collection. Bardy Diagnostics serves the healthcare sector in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

200 Providence Road
Suite 104
Charlotte, NC 28207
United States


Phone:
1-844-422-7393


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.bardydx.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




























































 



 Bardy Diagnostics Announces Growth Capital Funding 
         










    










 













 











 



















Bardy Diagnostics Announces Growth Capital Funding
        																																						
              
















 News provided by
Bardy Diagnostics, Inc.  
Jan 05, 2017, 09:30 ET









 Share this article




























































CHARLOTTE, N.C., Jan. 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Bardy Diagnostics, Inc. ("BardyDx" or "the Company"), which has developed and is commercializing the Carnation Ambulatory Monitor ("CAM™"), the world's smallest and lightest P-wave centric™ ambulatory cardiac monitor and arrhythmia detection device, today announced that it has raised a significant round of growth capital from experienced healthcare investors SV Life Sciences Advisers ("SVLS"), Health Enterprise Partners ("HEP"), Ascension Ventures ("AV") and Square 1 Bank, a division of Pacific Western Bank ("Square 1").  The capital will be used to support continued development as well as sales and marketing of CAM™ in the U.S. and Europe. 








"Through its clinically superior P-wave centric™ data capture, ergonomic engineering and design, and its flexibility to fit within varied healthcare workflows and business models, we're confident that CAM™ will be rapidly adopted as a standard of care and that it will further our mission of improving the clinical efficacy of ambulatory monitoring and patient health," said Gust Bardy, M.D., founder of BardyDx. "We're very excited to add the expertise and capital of SVLS, HEP, AHV and Square 1 to our team and look forward to their support and assistance in executing the next phase of growth for the Company."
Paul LaViolette, Managing Partner at SVLS, added, "It's a privilege to partner with Dr. Bardy on another of his compelling innovations in the diagnosis and treatment of cardiovascular disease.  The Carnation Ambulatory Monitor represents a significant improvement over current technologies in how physicians diagnose and manage arrhythmias of all types."
Incorporating the extensive research, clinical expertise and intellectual property of Dr. Bardy, CAM™ is a non-invasive cardiac monitor worn by patients to record heart rhythms for extended periods of time.  Due to its novel engineering and design, unique data capture and presentation capabilities and improved patient compliance, CAM™ improves the prospects for clinically actionable arrhythmia diagnoses and timely interventions.  The earlier intervention and proper treatment of arrhythmias has the potential to drastically reduce their long-term complications and related costs.  The CAM™ data file can be quickly downloaded for analysis at a hospital or clinic or at a third-party reading site, whichever the customer prefers.  CAM™ is approved for use in the U.S. and Europe and fits within existing reimbursement codes in each region.  
"CAM™ addresses a true market need for a comfortable, clinically effective monitoring solution, and we look forward to working with our new investors to accelerate the Company's market penetration and future development of CAM," said BardyDx CEO, Jon Hunt, Ph.D. 
About Bardy Diagnostics    Bardy Diagnostics, Inc. ("BardyDx") develops and markets the Carnation Ambulatory Monitor, a non-invasive P-wave centric™ ambulatory cardiac monitor and arrhythmia detection device that generates superior clinical data, improves patient compliance and fits within varied hospital and cardiology workflows and reimbursement concerns. 
About SV Life Sciences Advisers   SV Life Sciences Advisers, LLC ("SVLS") is a global leader in healthcare and life sciences investing. SVLS affiliated funds have been investing in such companies since the early 1980s, forming its first dedicated healthcare fund in 1994. Today, SVLS manages five funds with approximately $2.0 billion of capital commitments under management. The firm has invested in over 175 companies through its venture funds, and employs a diversified investment strategy capitalizing on opportunities in the following subsectors; therapeutics, medical devices, healthcare information technology (HCIT) and healthcare services. SVLS employs a close symbiosis between operating and financial professionals which has led to significant success over five investment funds. SVLS has offices in Boston, London and San Francisco. For more information, please visit the company's website at http://www.svlsa.com. 
About Health Enterprise Partners   Health Enterprise Partners invests primarily in privately held, profitable, middle market companies in the health care information technology and health care service sectors. HEP's strategy is to leverage its unique and extensive hospital system and health plan network, 26 members of which are investors in HEP's funds. HEP seeks to invest in companies that improve the quality of the patient experience, reduce the cost of health care, and improve operating margins for their customers, typically hospital systems and / or health plans. For more information, please visit http://www.hepfund.com. 
About Ascension Ventures   Ascension Ventures (www.ascensionventures.org) is a strategic healthcare venture firm with four funds and more than $800 million in capital under management. The firm is a wholly owned subsidiary of Ascension, the nation's largest Catholic and non-profit health system. Ascension Ventures' role is to construct and manage a strategic portfolio of investments that deliver venture-level investment returns, have the potential to transform the healthcare industry, and significantly enhance the experience for patients, their families and their caregivers. Its health system limited partners operate 474 hospitals, have 578,000 employees and generate $88 billion in annual revenue. 
About Square 1 Bank   Square 1 Bank is a division of Pacific Western Bank, a Los Angeles-based commercial bank with over $21 billion in assets. A full service financial services partner to entrepreneurs and their investors, Square 1 provides clients flexible resources and attentive service to help their companies grow. Square 1 offers a broad range of venture debt, treasury and cash management solutions through offices in top innovation centers: Atlanta, Austin, the Bay Area, Boston, Chicago, Denver, Durham, Los Angeles, Minneapolis, New York, San Diego, Seattle and Washington, DC. Pacific Western Bank is a wholly-owned subsidiary of PacWest Bancorp. For more information, visit www.square1bank.com.
Contact:   Bardy Diagnostics, Inc.   Jon Hunt, PhD   President and CEO   949-636-5835   jhunt@bardydx.com
www.bardydx.com
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bardy-diagnostics-announces-growth-capital-funding-300386284.html
SOURCE Bardy Diagnostics, Inc.
 Related Links

http://www.bardydx.com



 






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 You just read:
Bardy Diagnostics Announces Growth Capital Funding


 News provided by
Bardy Diagnostics, Inc.  
Jan 05, 2017, 09:30 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 








510(k) Premarket Notification










































Quick Links: Skip to main page content
Skip to Search
Skip to Topics Menu
Skip to Common Links







































                U.S. Food & Drug Administration
              

 







A to Z Index
Follow FDA
En Español





Enter Search terms



















 






Home
Food
Drugs
Medical Devices
Radiation-Emitting Products
Vaccines, Blood & Biologics
Animal & Veterinary
Cosmetics
Tobacco Products


 



 
 

510(k) Premarket Notification





















FDA Home
Medical Devices
Databases





 -



















510(k)
|
DeNovo
|
Registration & Listing
|
Adverse Events
|
Recalls
|
PMA
|
HDE
|
Classification
|
Standards




CFR Title 21
|
Radiation-Emitting Products
|
X-Ray Assembler
|
Medsun Reports
|
CLIA
|
TPLC




 












New Search
Back To Search Results










Device Classification Name

recorder, magnetic tape, medical


510(k) Number
K143067
Device Name
Carnation Ambulatory Monitor

Applicant


BARDY DIAGNOSTICS, INC.
17141 vashon highway, sw.

	vashon island, 
	WA 
	98070 

	
	
	



Applicant Contact
jon p. hunt


Correspondent


BARDY DIAGNOSTICS, INC.
17141 vashon highway, sw.

	vashon island, 
	WA 
	98070 

	
	
	



Correspondent Contact
jon p. hunt

Regulation Number870.2800

Classification Product Code



DSH  




Date Received10/24/2014
Decision Date 12/22/2014
Decision

	
	substantially equivalent 
	
	(SESE)
Regulation Medical Specialty
	
		
			 
			
		
			 
			
		
			 
			
		
			 
			
		
			 
			
		
			 
			
		
			 
			
		
			Cardiovascular 
			
		
			 
			
		
			 
			
		
			 
			
		
			 
			
		
			 
			
		
			 
			
		
			 
			
		
			 
			
		
			 
			
		
			 
			
		
			 
			
		
			 
			
		 
	
510k Review Panel
	
		
			
			
		
			
			
		
			
			
		
			
			
		
			
			
		
			
			
		
			
			
		
			Cardiovascular
			
		
			
			
		
			
			
		
			
			
		
			
			
		
			
			
		
			
			
		
			
			
		
			
			
		
			
			
		
			
			
		
			
			
		
			
			
		 
	

statement

statement


Type 
		Traditional
		
Reviewed by Third Party
 
			No
			
		

Combination Product
	
	No
	
	













-



-








Links on this page:




Page Last Updated: 07/24/2017

      Note: If you need help accessing information in different file formats, see
      Instructions for Downloading Viewers and Players.
Language Assistance Available: Español | 繁體中文 | Tiếng Việt | 한국어 | Tagalog | Русский | العربية | Kreyòl Ayisyen | Français | Polski | Português | Italiano | Deutsch | 日本語 | فارسی | English








Accessibility
Contact FDA
Careers
FDA Basics
FOIA
No FEAR Act
Site Map
Nondiscrimination
Website Policies










U.S. Food and Drug Administration

              10903 New Hampshire Avenue 
              Silver Spring, MD 20993 
              Ph. 1-888-INFO-FDA (1-888-463-6332)
Contact FDA














For Government
For Press






Combination Products
Advisory Committees
Science & Research
Regulatory Information
Safety
Emergency Preparedness
International Programs
News & Events
Training and Continuing Education
Inspections/Compliance
State & Local Officials
Consumers
Industry
Health Professionals
FDA Archive






 



Links on this page:




















