


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Fixed Income - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Fixed Income
			




Build stronger fixed income portfolios

	We have built and innovated our fixed income capabilities with just one aim: build stronger portfolios to solve our clients’ needs. Today we are one of the top fixed income managers in the world.
Download the framework


Diverse perspectives, integrated solutions 

Research Driven
Access the power of a globally integrated team of investment professionals and our proprietary research, encompassing fundamental, quantitative and technical analysis.


Actionable Insights
Benefit from actionable insights designed to help you invest with conviction, from our regular macro and market views, to our fixed income portfolio construction tools.
 

Outcome Oriented
Choose from a wide variety of outcome-oriented solutions designed to address all your fixed income needs.


Demonstrated Results
Tap into the proven success of one of the world’s largest fixed income managers, with broad experience gained across regions and market cycles.



Featured Fixed Income Funds


 


“Rather than try to outguess the market, investors should seek to craft an all-weather bond portfolio, one that delivers the benefits of fixed income in a variety of scenarios.”
PRISCILLA HANCOCK, GLOBAL FIXED INCOME STRATEGIST 






BUILDING STRONGER FIXED INCOME PORTFOLIOS


Download the framework >






Fixed income funds
                         


View All Taxable Fixed Income Funds   
View All Tax Exempt Fixed Income Funds  




Other Asset Classes
                         


Equity Funds  
Multi-Asset Solutions  
Alternatives Funds  
Money Market Funds  






Investments in bonds and other debt securities will change in value based on changes in interest rates. If rates rise, the value of these investments generally drops.
 
Diversification does not guarantee investment returns and does not eliminate the risk of loss. Diversification among investment options and asset classes may help to reduce overall volatility.

















Guide to the Markets - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Guide to the Markets
			



Guide to the Markets
                         


	The Guide illustrates a comprehensive array of market and economic histories, trends and statistics through clear, compelling charts and graphs you can share with your clients.


LAUNCH THE VIEWER


Download the 3Q 2017 Guide to the Markets






Economic & Market Update
Watch Dr. David Kelly’s quarterly presentation using slides from the Guide to the Markets.Continue reading  


On the Bench
Need more Guide to the Markets? Access an additional collection of Guide to the Markets slides, updated on a quarterly basis.Continue reading  


Investing Principles
The Principles for successful long-term investing presentation uses select slides from the Guide to the Markets to explain seven key investment principles that financial professionals can use with their clients. Continue reading  


 Introducing the Guide to the Markets for the third quarter of 2017July 3, 2017Dr. David Kelly, Chief Global Strategist, J.P. Morgan Funds, previews this quarter's themes and invites you to subscribe to the Guide to the Markets. 


 

Quarterly Perspectives





                            Often referred to as the 'guide to the Guide', Quarterly Perspectives provides insightful stories and quarterly themes using slides from the Guide to the Markets. 
                            
View Quarterly Perspectives



Portfolio Discussions





                            Focusing on different asset classes or regions, Portfolio Discussions help to frame investment conversations using slides from Guide to the Markets. 
                            

View Portfolio Discussions





Insights

					Market Insights

					Portfolio Insights

					Retirement Insights


The J. P. Morgan Insights app 

A new way for financial advisors to access and customize J.P. Morgan intellectual capital
                         

                            Get the Insights app:
                            


           
              



Learn more about the Insights App











Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Diversification does not guarantee investment returns and does not eliminate the risk of loss.
Bonds are subject to interest rate risks. Bond prices generally fall when interest rates rise.
The price of equity securities may rise or fall because of changes in the broad market or changes in a company's financial condition, sometimes rapidly or unpredictably. Equity securities are subject to "stock market risk" meaning that stock prices in general may decline over short or extended periods of time.
International investing involves a greater degree of risk and increased volatility. Changes in currency exchange rates and differences in accounting and taxation policies outside the U.S. can raise or lower returns. Also, some overseas markets may not be as politically and economically stable as the United States and other nations. Investments in emerging markets can be more volatile.
Real estate investments may be subject to a higher degree of market risk because of concentration in a specific industry, sector or geographical sector. Real estate investments may be subject to risks including, but not limited to, declines in the value of real estate, risks related to general and economic conditions, changes in the value of the underlying property owned by the trust and defaults by borrower.
Investments in commodities may have greater volatility than investments in traditional securities, particularly if the instruments involve leverage. The value of commodity-linked derivative instruments may be affected by changes in overall market movements, commodity index volatility, changes in interest rates, or factors affecting a particular industry or commodity, such as drought, floods, weather, livestock disease, embargoes, tariffs and international economic, political and regulatory developments. Use of leveraged commodity-linked derivatives creates an opportunity for increased return but, at the same time, creates the possibility for greater loss. 
Derivatives may be riskier than other types of investments because they may be more sensitive to changes in economic or market conditions than other types of investments and could result in losses that significantly exceed the original investment. The use of derivatives may not be successful, resulting in investment losses, and the cost of such strategies may reduce investment returns.
There is no guarantee that the use of long and short positions will succeed in limiting an investor's exposure to domestic stock market movements, capitalization, sector swings or other risk factors. Investing using long and short selling strategies may have higher portfolio turnover rates. Short selling involves certain risks, including additional costs associated with covering short positions and a possibility of unlimited loss on certain short sale positions.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates do not provide tax advice. Accordingly, any discussion of U.S. tax matters contained herein (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, in connection with the promotion, marketing or recommendation by anyone unaffiliated with JPMorgan Chase & Co. of any of the matters addressed herein or for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tax-related penalties. 


















Products - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Products
			
Email ThisPrint


Investment Strategies

Providing clients with strategies and expertise that span the full spectrum of asset classes
                         


	As a global leader in asset management with assets under management of $1.7 trillion*, J.P. Morgan Asset Management provides more than 220 investment strategies spanning all major asset classes, investment styles and geographic regions.

	Investing with J.P. Morgan:


		a large global organization made up of small local teams

		a research-driven information advantage

		an unrelenting focus on risk management


* As of December 2015









Featured Funds
                         


Equity  
Fixed Income   
Multi-Asset Solutions   
Alternatives  
SmartRetirement Target Date Funds   
Exchange Traded Funds  
Money Market Funds  






		 





Product Spotlight


U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity


Fixed Income


Multi-Asset Solutions


Alternatives


ETFs


Money Market



U.S. Equity




U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity


Fixed Income


Multi-Asset Solutions


Alternatives


ETFs


Money Market























Insights

					Market Insights

					Portfolio Insights

					Retirement Insights
















Principle #1: Plan on Living a Long Time - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar








PRINCIPLE #1: PLAN ON LIVING A LONG TIME

DON’T LET YOUR CLIENTS' MONEY RUN OUT

Your clients are living longer, and many of them haven't saved enough. Use our Principles for Successful Long-Term Investing to talk to them about this reality, and to help them be prepared.
ACCESS ALL 7 PRINCIPLES







 














We are living longer

Thanks to advances in medicine and healthier lifestyles, people who are 65 today have a very good chance of reaching ages 80 or 90. A 65-year-old couple might be surprised to learn that at least one of them has a 48% probability of living another 25 years and needing investments to last until age 90.

	 

Many of us have not saved enough

Studies reveal that individuals do not feel adequately prepared for retirement. Investors should start early by saving more, investing with discipline and having a plan for their future.

	 

	 

Explore More Principles

Learn more about successful long-term investing
   NEXT PRINCIPLE   >   






4 STRATEGIES FOR LONG-TERM INVESTORS

We offer investment strategies covering all asset classes for diversification and risk management to help you and your clients build stronger portfolios.
ACCESS 4 HIGH CONVICTION FUNDS



Diversification does not guarantee investment returns and does not eliminate the risk of loss. Diversification among investment options and asset classes may help to reduce overall volatility.











































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price U.S. High Yield Fund (TUHYX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
				U.S. High Yield Fund**








Print this page
Email this page
Text size






Ticker Symbol:


			
				TUHYX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/25/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$10.22
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.00
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/25/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								N/A
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$10.09
							
							-
							
								$10.23
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$56.87

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


10 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						




				Morningstar rated the U.S. High Yield Fund among 
590,
590,
N/A
and 
N/A
High Yield Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks total return, and secondarily, current income.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/25/2017)
								
							



						
						
							5.63%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							5.30%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							4.67%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3
, 4


 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					14.08%
				
			

				
					14.08%
				
			


3 Years

				
					5.13%
				
			

				
					5.13%
				
			


5 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


10 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 6.80%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							6.80%
						
						





Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						1.27%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.79%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						Contractual
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
					
						
							September 30, 2019
						
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			


2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3 The Fund commenced operations on May 19, 2017.Performance prior to that date reflects the performance of the Class A of the Predecessor Fund.
Predecessor Fund performance reflects its actual operating expense at the time and was not adjusted to reflect the impact of the Fund's current fees.
Since inception returns are shown from the inception date of the Predecessor Fund, April 30, 2013.  
			

4 
					 
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				


				The U.S. High Yield Fund charges a 2% 
redemption fee on shares held 90 days or less. 
The performance information shown does not reflect the deduction of the redemption fee; 
if it did, the performance would be lower.
			

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	







** The T. Rowe Price US High Yield Fund (�Fund�) commenced operations on May 19, 2017.  At that time, the Fund received all of the assets and liabilities of the Henderson 
High Yield Opportunities Fund (the �Predecessor Fund�) and adopted its performance and accounting history.  
The Fund and the Predecessor Fund have substantially similar investment objectives and strategies.  
The Predecessor Fund was managed by the same portfolio manager as the Fund.




















Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Tue Jul 25 23:08:23 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari














404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                












Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now





































Templeton Foreign Fund - TFFAX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Templeton Foreign Fund - TFFAX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email






















TFFAX





Templeton Foreign Fund





            Share Class
         Advisor 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




























            PRICE AND YTD RETURN
        As of 07/25/2017









            NAV
        

up $0.02


$7.84




            POP


$7.84




            YTD Total return at Nav
        

13.95%












            AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURNS
        

As of 
            Quarter end
         06/30/2017



            Sales Charge
        



            On
        


            Off
        






            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        











            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        






            1 YEAR RETURN
        

24.13%




            5 YEAR RETURN
        

9.43%





            10 YEAR RETURN
        

2.65%















            KEY STATS
        


            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        







            Investment Category
        


Value





            Distributions
        

Annually




            CUSIP
        

880   196   506




            Fund Number
        

604




            Inception Date
        


Oct 05, 1982




            Total Net Assets
        
            (all share classes)
         As of 06/30/2017



$7,351.7  (M)
        










            Distribution Rate at NAV
        


            N/A
        









            30-Day Standardized yield
        


            N/A
        












            SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES, & FEES
         As of 01/01/2017 
            (updated annually)
        








            Gross Expense Ratio
        

0.97%




            Net Expense Ratio
        

0.97%




            Max Initial Sales Charge
        

0.00%




            CDSC
        

0.00%




            12b-1 Fee
        

0.00%














            Fund Description
        




The fund seeks long-term capital growth by investing at least 80% of its net assets in foreign securities, that are predominantly equity securities of companies located outside of the U.S., including developing markets.



            Strategy Statement
        








"Templeton Foreign Fund has a bottom-up, long-term investment strategy that goes to great lengths in search of undervalued stocks outside of the United States."                                            
                                            












Management







Tucker Scott, CFA®, MBA

Joined Franklin Templeton in 1996
Managed Fund Since 2007










Norman Boersma, CFA®, MBA

Joined Franklin Templeton in 1991
Managed Fund Since 2011










James Harper, CFA®

Joined Franklin Templeton in 2007
Managed Fund Since 2010










Heather Arnold, CFA®, MBA

Joined Franklin Templeton in 1997
Managed Fund Since 2014











            Rating
        







            Overall Morningstar Rating
        

As of 06/30/2017








            Rating Category:
         Foreign Large Value




The fund's overall Morningstar Rating measures risk-adjusted returns and is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its 3-, 5- and 10-year (if applicable) rating metrics.





            Historical Morningstar Rating
         As of 06/30/2017





            Years
        

            Ratings
        

            Fundsin category
        




3



3 
            Stars
        





268


5



4 
            Stars
        






218


10



5 
            Stars
        







133








            Morningstar Style Box
        
As of03/31/2017



            Table Legend
        



            Current
        


            Historical
        






            Historical Style
        


            Current Style
        





            Large
        

            Size
        






            Medium
        






            Small
        



            Value
        

            Blend
        

            Growth
        




            Style
        









            Strategy, Benefits, Results
        



            Strategy
        Our strategy is built upon the following Templeton cornerstones, which have been in place for more than 70 years.

Search Globally. We believe bargains have no borders when searching for the best investment opportunities.
Seek Value. We search worldwide for stocks selling at prices we believe are low relative to their true value.
Perform Fundamental, Bottom-Up Research. We conduct in-person visits and perform extensive fundamental research to model a company's potential future earnings, cash flow and asset value relative to its stock price.
Practice Patient, Long-Term Investing. We evaluate a company's potential for earnings and growth over a five-year horizon.



            Benefits
        
Diversification. By investing primarily in international securities, Templeton Foreign Fund can offer diversification to complement the U.S. portion of your portfolio.
Reduced Volatility. Templeton Foreign Fund has historically experienced less volatility than its benchmark, the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index.
Low Average Turnover Ratio. Our long-term investing approach has historically resulted in a lower than average portfolio turnover ratio.








            Results
        






Hypothetical $10K Investment



















            Investing In The Fund
        

What Are the Risks?

All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal.
Special risks are associated with foreign investing, including currency fluctuations, economic instability and political developments; investments in developing markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors.
Currency rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time, and can reduce returns. Because the Fund may invest its assets in companies in a specific region, including Europe, it is subject to greater risks of adverse developments in that region and/or the surrounding regions than a fund that is more broadly diversified geographically.
Current political and financial uncertainty surrounding the European Union may increase market volatility and the economic risk of investing in companies in Europe.
Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio which may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses (as well as enable gains) on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment. The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits, and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised.
The fund’s risk considerations are discussed in the prospectus.





            Minimum Investment
        

            See Prospectus
        



How Financial Advisors Help You
Speak to your advisor about whether this fund is appropriate for you.
Learn more from FINRA about How to Find and Work with an Investment Professional.







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees. The fund offers multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Please see the prospectus for details. Change the share class selection in the dropdown at the top of this page in order to see its performance details.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. Special risks are associated with foreign investing, including currency fluctuations, economic instability and political developments; investments in developing markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors. Currency rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time, and can reduce returns. Because the Fund may invest its assets in companies in a specific region, including Europe, it is subject to greater risks of adverse developments in that region and/or the surrounding regions than a fund that is more broadly diversified geographically. Current political and financial uncertainty surrounding the European Union may increase market volatility and the economic risk of investing in companies in Europe. Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio which may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses (as well as enable gains) on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment. The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits, and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised. The fund's risk considerations are discussed in the prospectus.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. The style box reveals a fund's investment style. The vertical axis shows the market capitalization of the stocks owned and the horizontal axis shows investment style (value, blend, or growth). Placement is determined by fund portfolio holding figures most recently entered into Morningstar's database and corresponding market conditions. Shaded areas show the past 3 years of quarterly data. Past performance does not guarantee future results.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Effective 1/2/97, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        












 





Templeton Foreign Fund - TFFAX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Templeton Foreign Fund - TFFAX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email






















TFFAX





Templeton Foreign Fund





            Share Class
         Advisor 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




















Performance


Average Annual Total Returns


Calendar Year Returns


Cumulative Total Returns


After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns











Average Annual Total Returns




                    [further-information]
                







Close



Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017








CLOSE ×

                                        Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.










Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures











Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 10/05/1982






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
24.13
-0.19
9.43
2.65
10.54



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
24.13
-0.19
9.43
2.65
10.54




MSCI EAFE Index (%)
—
—
—
—
9.86




MSCI All Country World ex-US Index (%)
21.00
1.27
7.70
1.59
—













Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 10/05/1982






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
24.13
-0.19
9.43
2.65
10.54



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
24.13
-0.19
9.43
2.65
10.54



MSCI All Country World ex-US Index (%)
21.00
1.27
7.70
1.59
—



MSCI EAFE Index (%)
—
—
—
—
9.84
















Calendar Year Returns





Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
11.99
-6.93
-10.55
27.32
18.89
-12.57
8.87
50.18
-45.98
17.56



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
11.99
-6.93
-10.55
27.32
18.89
-12.57
8.87
50.18
-45.98
17.56



<nobr>MSCI All Country World ex-US Index</nobr> (%)
5.01
-5.25
-3.44
15.78
17.39
-13.33
11.60
42.14
-45.24
17.12















Cumulative Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 10/05/1982





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
11.19
24.13
-0.58
56.92
29.84
3,150.19


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
11.19
24.13
-0.58
56.92
29.84
3,150.19



MSCI EAFE Index (%)
—
—
—
—
—
2,267.73



MSCI All Country World ex-US Index (%)
14.45
21.00
3.85
44.93
17.07
—












Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 10/05/1982





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
11.19
24.13
-0.58
56.92
29.84
3,150.19


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
11.19
24.13
-0.58
56.92
29.84
3,150.19



MSCI All Country World ex-US Index (%)
14.45
21.00
3.85
44.93
17.07
—



MSCI EAFE Index (%)
—
—
—
—
—
2,216.82











HYPOTHETICAL $10K INVESTMENT














After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. "Before Shares Sold" figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. "After Shares Sold" figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. &#34;Before Shares Sold&#34; figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. &#34;After Shares Sold&#34; figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures












Month EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
23.59
-0.86
8.69
1.45


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
14.19
-0.09
7.56
2.29


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
23.59
-0.86
8.69
1.45


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
14.19
-0.09
7.56
2.29

















Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
23.59
-0.86
8.69
1.45


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
14.19
-0.09
7.56
2.29


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
23.59
-0.86
8.69
1.45


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
14.19
-0.09
7.56
2.29















SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES & FEES As of  01/01/2017 (updated annually)




Gross Expense Ratio

0.97%



Net Expense Ratio

0.97%



Max Initial Sales Charge

0.00%



CDSC

0.00%






Volatility Measures


                    [further-information]
                







Close



Alpha The difference between a fund's actual returns versus its expected performance, given its level of market risk as measured by beta. A positive alpha indicates the fund performed better than its beta would predict while a negative alpha indicates the fund's under performance based on the expectations indicated by the fund's beta.  Beta A measure of a fund's volatility in relation to the stock market, as measured by a stated index. By definition, the beta of the stated index is 1; a fund with a higher beta has been more volatile than the index, and a fund with a lower beta has been less volatile than the index.  Sharpe Ratio The Sharpe ratio, developed by Nobel Prize winner William Sharpe, provides a measure of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. A higher number indicates better historical risk-adjusted performance.  CorrelationThe linear relationship between two return series. Correlation shows the strength of the relationship between two return series. The higher the relationship, the more similar the returns.  R-Squared This number indicates what percentage of a fund's performance fluctuation can be explained by movements in the benchmark index. R-squared (correlation) ranges from 0 to 100. An R-squared of 100 would mean that the fund is tracking its benchmark exactly. A low R-squared indicates that very few of the fund's movements are explained by movements of its benchmark. R-squared can help determine the significance of the fund's beta. A higher R-squared generally indicates a more useful beta. Lower R-squared means the fund's beta is less relevant to its performance.  Standard Deviation This figure provides a statistical measure of the range of a fund's returns. A high standard deviation indicates a wide range of returns and thus greater volatility.



As of  06/30/2017 Updated Monthly, based on a 3-year period







CLOSE ×

                                
                    [further-information-text]
                







Beta


1.07



Sharpe Ratio


-0.03



Standard Deviation


13.79






Benchmarks

A benchmark is a comparable broad-based index that can be used to evaluate a fund's performance.


MSCI EAFE Index


MSCI All Country World ex-US Index







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees. The fund offers multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Please see the prospectus for details. Change the share class selection in the dropdown at the top of this page in order to see its performance details.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. Special risks are associated with foreign investing, including currency fluctuations, economic instability and political developments; investments in developing markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors. Currency rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time, and can reduce returns. Because the Fund may invest its assets in companies in a specific region, including Europe, it is subject to greater risks of adverse developments in that region and/or the surrounding regions than a fund that is more broadly diversified geographically. Current political and financial uncertainty surrounding the European Union may increase market volatility and the economic risk of investing in companies in Europe. Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio which may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses (as well as enable gains) on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment. The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits, and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised. The fund's risk considerations are discussed in the prospectus.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. The style box reveals a fund's investment style. The vertical axis shows the market capitalization of the stocks owned and the horizontal axis shows investment style (value, blend, or growth). Placement is determined by fund portfolio holding figures most recently entered into Morningstar's database and corresponding market conditions. Shaded areas show the past 3 years of quarterly data. Past performance does not guarantee future results.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
The hypothetical scenario does not take into account federal, state or municipal taxes. If taxes were taken into account, the hypothetical values shown would have been lower.


Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Effective 1/2/97, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Effective 1/2/97, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis.  Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax returns depend on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. The before shares sold calculation assumes taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but does not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. The after shares sold calculation also adjusts for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.

Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        


















 





Franklin High Income Fund - FVHIX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Franklin High Income Fund - FVHIX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email






















FVHIX





Franklin High Income Fund





            Share Class
         Advisor 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




















Performance


Average Annual Total Returns


Calendar Year Returns


Cumulative Total Returns


After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns











Average Annual Total Returns




                    [further-information]
                







Close



Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017








CLOSE ×

                                        Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.










Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures











Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 12/31/1969






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
14.90
1.90
5.37
6.45
7.78



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
14.90
1.90
5.37
6.45
7.78




Credit Suisse High Yield Index (%)
13.04
4.28
6.72
7.22
—













Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 12/31/1969






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
14.90
1.90
5.37
6.45
7.78



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
14.90
1.90
5.37
6.45
7.78



Credit Suisse High Yield Index (%)
13.04
4.28
6.72
7.22
—
















Calendar Year Returns





Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
19.41
-10.06
-0.25
7.79
15.26
4.71
13.86
44.51
-22.43
3.31



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
19.41
-10.06
-0.25
7.79
15.26
4.71
13.86
44.51
-22.43
3.31



<nobr>Credit Suisse High Yield Index</nobr> (%)
18.39
-4.90
1.86
7.53
14.71
5.47
14.42
54.22
-26.17
2.65















Cumulative Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 12/31/1969





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
4.37
14.90
5.81
29.90
86.85
3,412.38


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
4.37
14.90
5.81
29.90
86.85
3,412.38



Credit Suisse High Yield Index (%)
4.37
13.04
13.40
38.43
100.85
—












Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 12/31/1969





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
4.37
14.90
5.81
29.90
86.85
3,412.38


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
4.37
14.90
5.81
29.90
86.85
3,412.38



Credit Suisse High Yield Index (%)
4.37
13.04
13.40
38.43
100.85
—











HYPOTHETICAL $10K INVESTMENT














After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. "Before Shares Sold" figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. "After Shares Sold" figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. &#34;Before Shares Sold&#34; figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. &#34;After Shares Sold&#34; figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures












Month EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
12.11
-0.78
2.57
3.53


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
8.35
0.16
2.83
3.70


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
12.11
-0.78
2.57
3.53


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
8.35
0.16
2.83
3.70

















Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
12.11
-0.78
2.57
3.53


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
8.35
0.16
2.83
3.70


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
12.11
-0.78
2.57
3.53


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
8.35
0.16
2.83
3.70















SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES & FEES As of  10/01/2016 (updated annually)




Gross Expense Ratio


0.64%



Net Expense Ratio

0.63%



Max Initial Sales Charge

0.00%



CDSC

0.00%






Volatility Measures


                    [further-information]
                







Close



Alpha The difference between a fund's actual returns versus its expected performance, given its level of market risk as measured by beta. A positive alpha indicates the fund performed better than its beta would predict while a negative alpha indicates the fund's under performance based on the expectations indicated by the fund's beta.  Beta A measure of a fund's volatility in relation to the stock market, as measured by a stated index. By definition, the beta of the stated index is 1; a fund with a higher beta has been more volatile than the index, and a fund with a lower beta has been less volatile than the index.  Sharpe Ratio The Sharpe ratio, developed by Nobel Prize winner William Sharpe, provides a measure of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. A higher number indicates better historical risk-adjusted performance.  CorrelationThe linear relationship between two return series. Correlation shows the strength of the relationship between two return series. The higher the relationship, the more similar the returns.  R-Squared This number indicates what percentage of a fund's performance fluctuation can be explained by movements in the benchmark index. R-squared (correlation) ranges from 0 to 100. An R-squared of 100 would mean that the fund is tracking its benchmark exactly. A low R-squared indicates that very few of the fund's movements are explained by movements of its benchmark. R-squared can help determine the significance of the fund's beta. A higher R-squared generally indicates a more useful beta. Lower R-squared means the fund's beta is less relevant to its performance.  Standard Deviation This figure provides a statistical measure of the range of a fund's returns. A high standard deviation indicates a wide range of returns and thus greater volatility.



As of  06/30/2017 Updated Monthly, based on a 3-year period







CLOSE ×

                                
                    [further-information-text]
                







Beta


1.24



Sharpe Ratio


0.21



Standard Deviation


7.82






Benchmarks

A benchmark is a comparable broad-based index that can be used to evaluate a fund's performance.


Credit Suisse High Yield Index







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. The risks associated with higher-yielding, lower-rated securities include higher risk of default and loss of principal. Changes in the financial strength of a bond issuer or in a bond's credit rating may affect its value. In addition, interest rate movements will affect the fund's share price and yield. Bond prices generally move in the opposite direction of interest rates. Thus, as the prices of bonds in the fund adjust to a rise in interest rates, the fund's share price may decline. Investment in foreign securities also involves special risks, including currency fluctuations, and political and economic uncertainty. These and other risk considerations are discussed in the fund's prospectus.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees. The fund offers multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Please see the prospectus for details. Change the share class selection in the dropdown at the top of this page in order to see its performance details.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The fund's 30-day standardized yield is calculated over a trailing 30-day period using the yield to maturity on bonds and/or the dividends accrued on stocks. It may not equal the fund's actual income distribution rate, which reflects the fund's past dividends paid to shareholders.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. The style box reveals a fund's investment style. For credit quality of the bonds owned, Morningstar combines credit rating information provided by the fund companies (only using ratings assigned by a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization - "NRSRO") with an average default rate calculation to come up with a weighted-average credit quality. The weighted-average credit quality is currently a letter that roughly corresponds to the scale used by a leading NRSRO. Funds with a low credit quality style box placement are those whose weighted-average credit quality is less than BBB-; medium are those less than AA- but greater or equal to BBB-; and high are those of AA- or higher. When classifying a bond portfolio, Morningstar first maps the NRSRO credit ratings of the underlying holdings to their respective default rates (as determined by Morningstar's analysis of actual historical default rates). Morningstar then averages these default rates to determine the average default rate for the entire bond fund. Finally, Morningstar maps this average default rate to its corresponding credit rating along a convex curve. For interest-rate sensitivity, Morningstar obtains from fund companies the average effective duration. Generally, Morningstar classifies a fixed-income fund's interest-rate sensitivity based on effective duration of the Morningstar Core Bond Index (MCBI), which is currently three years. The classification of Limited will be assigned to those funds whose average effective duration is between 25% to 75% of MCBI's average effective duration; average effective duration between 75% to 125% of the MCBI will be classified as Moderate; and those at 125% or greater of the MCBI will be classified as Extensive. Shaded areas show the past 3 years of quarterly data.  Past performance does not guarantee future results.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
The hypothetical scenario does not take into account federal, state or municipal taxes. If taxes were taken into account, the hypothetical values shown would have been lower.


Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 9/30/17. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 9/30/17. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis.  Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax returns depend on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. The before shares sold calculation assumes taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but does not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. The after shares sold calculation also adjusts for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.

Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        


















 





Franklin Growth Fund - FCGAX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Franklin Growth Fund - FCGAX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email






















FCGAX





Franklin Growth Fund





            Share Class
         Advisor 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




















Performance


Average Annual Total Returns


Calendar Year Returns


Cumulative Total Returns


After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns











Average Annual Total Returns




                    [further-information]
                







Close



Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017








CLOSE ×

                                        Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.










Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures











Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 03/31/1948






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
21.92
10.73
14.87
8.31
10.34



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
21.92
10.73
14.87
8.31
10.34




S&P 500 Index (%)
17.90
9.61
14.63
7.18
—













Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 03/31/1948






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
21.92
10.73
14.87
8.31
10.34



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
21.92
10.73
14.87
8.31
10.34



S&P 500 Index (%)
17.90
9.61
14.63
7.18
—
















Calendar Year Returns





Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
8.68
2.20
15.15
29.73
13.98
0.87
15.18
34.57
-33.21
7.39



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
8.68
2.20
15.15
29.73
13.98
0.87
15.18
34.57
-33.21
7.39



<nobr>S&P 500 Index</nobr> (%)
11.96
1.38
13.69
32.39
16.00
2.11
15.06
26.46
-37.00
5.49















Cumulative Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 03/31/1948





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
13.77
21.92
35.76
100.01
122.14
91,212.17


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
13.77
21.92
35.76
100.01
122.14
91,212.17



S&P 500 Index (%)
9.34
17.90
31.70
97.92
100.08
—












Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 03/31/1948





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
13.77
21.92
35.76
100.01
122.14
91,212.17


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
13.77
21.92
35.76
100.01
122.14
91,212.17



S&P 500 Index (%)
9.34
17.90
31.70
97.92
100.08
—











HYPOTHETICAL $10K INVESTMENT














After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. "Before Shares Sold" figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. "After Shares Sold" figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. &#34;Before Shares Sold&#34; figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. &#34;After Shares Sold&#34; figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures












Month EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
20.77
9.99
14.36
8.00


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
13.13
8.24
11.91
6.74


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
20.77
9.99
14.36
8.00


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
13.13
8.24
11.91
6.74

















Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
20.77
9.99
14.36
8.00


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
13.13
8.24
11.91
6.74


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
20.77
9.99
14.36
8.00


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
13.13
8.24
11.91
6.74















SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES & FEES As of  02/01/2017 (updated annually)




Gross Expense Ratio


0.65%



Net Expense Ratio

0.63%



Max Initial Sales Charge

0.00%



CDSC

0.00%






Volatility Measures


                    [further-information]
                







Close



Alpha The difference between a fund's actual returns versus its expected performance, given its level of market risk as measured by beta. A positive alpha indicates the fund performed better than its beta would predict while a negative alpha indicates the fund's under performance based on the expectations indicated by the fund's beta.  Beta A measure of a fund's volatility in relation to the stock market, as measured by a stated index. By definition, the beta of the stated index is 1; a fund with a higher beta has been more volatile than the index, and a fund with a lower beta has been less volatile than the index.  Sharpe Ratio The Sharpe ratio, developed by Nobel Prize winner William Sharpe, provides a measure of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. A higher number indicates better historical risk-adjusted performance.  CorrelationThe linear relationship between two return series. Correlation shows the strength of the relationship between two return series. The higher the relationship, the more similar the returns.  R-Squared This number indicates what percentage of a fund's performance fluctuation can be explained by movements in the benchmark index. R-squared (correlation) ranges from 0 to 100. An R-squared of 100 would mean that the fund is tracking its benchmark exactly. A low R-squared indicates that very few of the fund's movements are explained by movements of its benchmark. R-squared can help determine the significance of the fund's beta. A higher R-squared generally indicates a more useful beta. Lower R-squared means the fund's beta is less relevant to its performance.  Standard Deviation This figure provides a statistical measure of the range of a fund's returns. A high standard deviation indicates a wide range of returns and thus greater volatility.



As of  06/30/2017 Updated Monthly, based on a 3-year period







CLOSE ×

                                
                    [further-information-text]
                







Beta


0.95



Sharpe Ratio


1.05



Standard Deviation


10.02






Benchmarks

A benchmark is a comparable broad-based index that can be used to evaluate a fund's performance.


S&P 500 Index







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. Historically, the fund has focused on larger companies. The fund may also invest in small, relatively new and/or unseasoned companies, which involves additional risks, as the price of these securities can be volatile, particularly over the short term. The fund may focus on particular sectors of the market from time to time, which can carry greater risks of adverse developments in such sectors. In addition, the fund may invest up to 40% of its net assets in stocks of foreign companies, which involve special risks, including currency fluctuations and economic as well as political uncertainty. These and other risks are described more fully in the fund's prospectus.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees. The fund offers multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Please see the prospectus for details. Change the share class selection in the dropdown at the top of this page in order to see its performance details.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the S&P 500 Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the S&P 500 Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the S&P 500 Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the S&P 500 Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. The style box reveals a fund's investment style. The vertical axis shows the market capitalization of the stocks owned and the horizontal axis shows investment style (value, blend, or growth). Placement is determined by fund portfolio holding figures most recently entered into Morningstar's database and corresponding market conditions. Shaded areas show the past 3 years of quarterly data. Past performance does not guarantee future results.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
The hypothetical scenario does not take into account federal, state or municipal taxes. If taxes were taken into account, the hypothetical values shown would have been lower.


Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 1/31/18. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 1/31/18. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis.  Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax returns depend on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. The before shares sold calculation assumes taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but does not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. The after shares sold calculation also adjusts for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.

Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        


















 




WisdomTree Rising Rates ETFs









































































The low interest rates of the past several years may be on the cusp of a directional shift. As many prepare for a rising-rate environment, WisdomTree's ETFs may help investors reduce exposure to interest rate risk while preserving coverage and income potential: WisdomTree Barclays Interest Rate Hedged U.S. Aggregate Bond Fund (AGZD), WisdomTree Barclays Negative Duration U.S. Aggregate Bond Fund (AGND), WisdomTree Interest Rate Hedged High Yield Bond Fund (HYZD). WisdomTree Negative Duration High Yield Bond Fund (HYND), WisdomTree Bloomberg Floating Rate Treasury Fund (USFR).


















































Highlighted fields are required to register.


Account Type:






                                                    Individual Investor
                                                    
                                                    Financial Professional 
















Email:






Company Name:



First Name:



Last Name:



Password:



Confirm Password:



Country:

United States
                                                    
                                                    


State:

Select State:
                                                    
                                                    Alabama
                                                    
                                                    Alaska
                                                    
                                                    Arizona
                                                    
                                                    Arkansas
                                                    
                                                    California
                                                    
                                                    Colorado
                                                    
                                                    Connecticut
                                                    
                                                    Delaware
                                                    
                                                    District of Columbia
                                                    
                                                    Florida
                                                    
                                                    Georgia
                                                    
                                                    Hawaii
                                                    
                                                    Idaho
                                                    
                                                    Illinois
                                                    
                                                    Indiana
                                                    
                                                    Iowa
                                                    
                                                    Kansas
                                                    
                                                    Kentucky
                                                    
                                                    Louisiana
                                                    
                                                    Maine
                                                    
                                                    Maryland
                                                    
                                                    Massachusetts
                                                    
                                                    Michigan
                                                    
                                                    Minnesota
                                                    
                                                    Mississippi
                                                    
                                                    Missouri
                                                    
                                                    Montana
                                                    
                                                    Nebraska
                                                    
                                                    Nevada
                                                    
                                                    New Hampshire
                                                    
                                                    New Jersey
                                                    
                                                    New Mexico
                                                    
                                                    New York
                                                    
                                                    North Carolina
                                                    
                                                    North Dakota
                                                    
                                                    Ohio
                                                    
                                                    Oklahoma
                                                    
                                                    Oregon
                                                    
                                                    Pennsylvania
                                                    
                                                    Rhode Island
                                                    
                                                    South Carolina
                                                    
                                                    South Dakota
                                                    
                                                    Tennessee
                                                    
                                                    Texas
                                                    
                                                    Utah
                                                    
                                                    Vermont
                                                    
                                                    Virginia
                                                    
                                                    Washington
                                                    
                                                    West Virginia
                                                    
                                                    Wisconsin
                                                    
                                                    Wyoming
                                                    
                                                    Other
                                                    
                                                    



By submitting below you certify that you have read and agree to our privacy policy.














                                                    Already Registered? Access the Case for
                                                    AGZD,
                                                    
                                                    AGND,
                                                    HYND and
                                                    HYZD



































                                    You cannot invest directly in an Index.

This information must be preceded or accompanied by a prospectus, click here to view or download prospectus. We advise you to consider the fund's objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. The prospectus contains this and other important information about the fund. Please read the prospectus carefully before you invest.

                                    There are risks associated with investing, including possible loss of principal. Fixed income investments are subject to interest rate risk; their value will normally decline as interest rates rise. The Fund seeks to mitigate interest rate risk by taking short positions in U.S. Treasuries, but there is no guarantee this will be achieved. Derivative investments can be volatile and these investments may be less liquid than other securities, and more sensitive to the effects of varied economic conditions.

                                    Fixed income investments are also subject to credit risk, the risk that the issuer of a bond will fail to pay interest and principal in a timely manner, or that negative perceptions of the issuer's ability to make such payments will cause the price of that bond to decline. The Funds may engage in “short sale” transactions of U.S. Treasuries where losses may be exaggerated, potentially losing more money than the actual cost of the investment and the third party to the short sale may fail to honor its contract terms, causing a loss to the Funds. While the Funds attempt to limit credit and counterparty exposure, the value of an investment in the Funds may change quickly and without warning in response to issuer or counterparty defaults and changes in the credit ratings of the Funds’ portfolio investments. Investing in mortgage- and asset-backed securities involves interest rate, credit, valuation, extension and liquidity risks and the risk that payments on the underlying assets are delayed, prepaid, subordinated or defaulted on. 

                                    Securities with floating rates can be less sensitive to interest rate changes than securities with fixed interest rates, but may decline in value. The issuance of floating rate notes by the U.S. Treasury is new and the amount of supply will be limited.  Fixed income securities will normally decline in value as interest rates rise.  The value of an investment in the Fund may change quickly and without warning in response to issuer or counterparty defaults and changes in the credit ratings of the Fund’s portfolio investments. Due to the investment strategy of certain Funds’ they may make higher capital gain distributions than other ETFs. Please read the Funds’ prospectus for specific details regarding the Funds’ risk profile.






WisdomTree Funds are distributed by Foreside Fund Services, LLC, in the U.S. only. Foreside Fund Services is not affiliated with the other entities mentioned.

 





































Blog | WisdomTree



























                Menu 
                









WisdomTree ETFs                                                    







 



                                            All ETFs
                




 



                                            Equity ETFs
                




 



                                            Fixed Income ETFs
                




 



                                            Alternative ETFs
                




 



                                            Currency ETFs
                




 



                                            All Indexes
                














Strategies                                                    







 



                                            Smart Beta
                




 



                                            Rising Rates Solutions
                




 



                                            Currency Hedging
                




 



                                            Quality Dividend Growth
                




 



                                            Fixed Income Solutions
                




 



                                            Emerging Markets
                














Resource Library                                                    







 



                                            WisdomTree Resources
                




 



                                            Prospectus & Regulatory
                




 



                                            Fact Sheets & Reports
                














Investor Community                                                    







 



                                            Financial Advisors
                




 



                                            Institutional Accounts
                














Blog                                                    







 



                                            All Blogs
                




 



                                            ETF Education
                




 



                                            Emerging Markets
                




 



                                            Interest Rate Strategies
                
















                                    About
                                












                                            Who we are
                                        









                                            Contact Us
                                        









                                            Press Room
                                        









                                            Careers
                                        














                                                    Investor Relations
                                                













                                                    Contact Us
                                                













                                                International Sites 
                                            












Canada                                                    









Switzerland                                                    









Germany                                                    









Finland                                                    









France                                                    









United Kingdom                                                    









Ireland                                                    









Italy                                                    









Japan                                                    









Luxembourg                                                    









Netherlands                                                    









Norway                                                    









Sweden                                                    









United States















                                                        Sign In / Register
                                                
























 BACK 
                


















About




Who we are


Contact Us


Press Room


Careers





Investor Relations 

Contact Us 




USA






CAN





CHE





DEU





FIN





FRA





GBR





IRL





ITA





JPN





LUX





NLD





NOR





SWE










Get access to exclusive content, industry insights, and more:
SIGN IN/REGISTER

















                                            WisdomTree ETFs
                                        







                            All ETFs
                        



                            Equity ETFs
                        



                            Fixed Income ETFs
                        



                            Alternative ETFs
                        



                            Currency ETFs
                        



                            All Indexes
                        







                                    Domestic Dividends
                                



                                    Domestic Earnings
                                



                                    Multifactor
                                



                                    Developed World ex-U.S.
                                



                                    Global/Global ex-U.S.
                                



                                    Emerging/Frontier Markets
                                



                                    Currency Hedged Equity
                                





                                    Strategic Core
                                



                                    Fundamental
                                



                                    International
                                



                                    Interest Rate Strategies
                                




DYLS
WisdomTree Dynamic Long/Short U.S. Equity Fund


DYB
WisdomTree Dynamic Bearish U.S. Equity Fund


WDTI
WisdomTree Managed Futures Strategy 


PUTW
WisdomTree CBOE S&P 500 PutWrite Strategy Fund


RRF
Global Real Return


GCC
WisdomTree Continuous Commodity Index Fund





                                    Domestic
                                



                                    Emerging Markets
                                






DTD
WisdomTree U.S. Total Dividend Fund


DLN
WisdomTree U.S. LargeCap Dividend Fund


DON
WisdomTree U.S. MidCap Dividend Fund


DES
WisdomTree U.S. SmallCap Dividend Fund


DHS
WisdomTree U.S. High Dividend Fund


DTN
WisdomTree U.S. Dividend ex-Financials Fund


DGRW
WisdomTree U.S. Quality Dividend Growth Fund


DGRS
WisdomTree U.S. SmallCap Quality Dividend Growth Fund




EXT
WisdomTree U.S. Total Earnings Fund


EPS
WisdomTree U.S. Earnings 500 Fund


EZM
WisdomTree U.S. MidCap Earnings Fund


EES
WisdomTree U.S. SmallCap Earnings Fund


EZY
WisdomTree U.S. LargeCap Value Fund


WUSA
WisdomTree U.S. Domestic Economy Fund


WEXP
WisdomTree U.S. Export and Multinational Fund




USMF
WisdomTree U.S. Multifactor Fund




DWM
WisdomTree International Equity Fund


DOL
WisdomTree International LargeCap Dividend Fund


DIM
WisdomTree International MidCap Dividend  Fund


DLS
WisdomTree International SmallCap Dividend Fund


DTH
WisdomTree International High Dividend Fund


DOO
WisdomTree International Dividend ex-Financials Fund


IQDG
WisdomTree International Quality Dividend Growth Fund


EUDG
WisdomTree Europe Quality Dividend Growth Fund


EDOM
WisdomTree Europe Domestic Economy Fund


DFE
WisdomTree Europe SmallCap Dividend Fund


DFJ
WisdomTree Japan SmallCap Dividend Fund


AUSE
WisdomTree Australia Dividend Fund




DEW
WisdomTree Global High Dividend Fund


DNL
WisdomTree Global ex‐U.S. Quality Dividend Growth Fund


GSD
WisdomTree Global SmallCap Dividend Fund


DRW
WisdomTree Global ex-U.S. Real Estate Fund


AXJL
WisdomTree Asia Pacific ex-Japan Fund


XMX
WisdomTree Global ex-Mexico Equity Fund




DVEM
WisdomTree Emerging Markets Dividend Fund


DEM
WisdomTree Emerging Markets High Dividend Fund


DGS
WisdomTree Emerging Markets SmallCap Dividend Fund


DGRE
WisdomTree Emerging Markets Quality Dividend Growth Fund


EMCG
WisdomTree Emerging Markets Consumer Growth Fund


EMSD
WisdomTree Strong Dollar Emerging Markets Equity Fund


EPI
WisdomTree India Earnings Fund


XSOE
WisdomTree Emerging Markets ex-State-Owned Enterprises Fund


CXSE
WisdomTree China ex-State-Owned Enterprises Fund


GULF
WisdomTree Middle East Dividend Fund




HEDJ
WisdomTree Europe Hedged Equity Fund


EUSC
WisdomTree Europe Hedged SmallCap Equity Fund


DXGE
WisdomTree Germany Hedged Equity Fund


DXUS
WisdomTree Global ex-U.S. Hedged Dividend Fund


IHDG
WisdomTree International Hedged Quality Dividend Growth Fund


HGSD
WisdomTree Global Hedged SmallCap Dividend Fund


DXPS
WisdomTree United Kingdom Hedged Equity Fund


HDRW
WisdomTree Global ex-U.S. Hedged Real Estate Fund


DXJ
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Equity Fund


JHDG
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Quality Dividend Growth Fund


DXJS
WisdomTree Japan Hedged SmallCap Equity Fund


DXJF
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Financials Fund


DXJR
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Real Estate Fund


DXJC
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Capital Goods Fund


DXJH
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Health Care Fund


DDWM
WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged International Equity Fund


DHDG
WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged International Quality Dividend Growth Fund


DDLS
WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged International SmallCap Equity Fund


DDEZ
WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged Europe Equity Fund


DDJP
WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged Japan Equity Fund




CRDT
WisdomTree Strategic Corporate Bond Fund


UBND
WisdomTree Western Asset Unconstrained Bond Fund


AGGY
WisdomTree Barclays Yield Enhanced U.S. Aggregate Bond Fund


SHAG
WisdomTree Barclays Yield Enhanced U.S. Short-Term Aggregate Bond Fund




WFIG
WisdomTree Fundamental U.S. Corporate Bond Fund


SFIG
WisdomTree Fundamental U.S. Short-Term Corporate Bond Fund


WFHY
WisdomTree Fundamental U.S. High Yield Corporate Bond Fund


SFHY
WisdomTree Fundamental U.S. Short-Term High Yield Corporate Bond Fund




EMCB
WisdomTree Emerging Markets Corporate Bond Fund


ELD
WisdomTree Emerging Markets Local Debt Fund


ALD
WisdomTree Asia Local Debt Fund




AGZD
WisdomTree Barclays Interest Rate Hedged U.S. Aggregate Bond Fund


AGND
WisdomTree Barclays Negative Duration U.S. Aggregate Bond Fund


HYZD
WisdomTree Interest Rate Hedged High Yield Bond Fund


HYND
WisdomTree Negative Duration High Yield Bond Fund


USFR
WisdomTree Bloomberg Floating Rate Treasury Fund




USDU
WisdomTree Bloomberg U.S. Dollar Bullish Fund




CYB
WisdomTree Chinese Yuan Strategy Fund


BZF
WisdomTree Brazilian Real Strategy Fund


CEW
WisdomTree Emerging Currency Strategy Fund












                                            STRATEGIES
                                        



Smart Beta
Rising Rates Solutions
Currency Hedging
Quality Dividend Growth
Fixed Income Solutions
Emerging Markets






                                            RESOURCE LIBRARY
                                        



WisdomTree Resources
Prospectus & Regulatory
Fact Sheets & Reports






                                            INVESTOR COMMUNITY
                                        



Financial Advisors
Institutional Accounts






                                            BLOG
                                        



All Blogs
ETF Education
Emerging Markets
Interest Rate Strategies














My WisdomTree - Sign in
 










Remember me


SIGN IN


Forgot your password?








Not Registered? Register Now.
Individual investors who register can access daily blog posts, latest videos, podcasts and snapshots, and stay current with industry insights. On top of that, Financial Professionals get additional access to thoughtful research, smart analytics and unique economic commentary from Jeremy Siegel.
1. My Profile >2. Additional Information




 


Account Type


Individual Investor



 Financial Professional


































Select Country
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, The Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
Korea, Republic of
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe




State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Other





By submitting below you certify that you have read and agree to our privacy policy.









NEXT STEP










Home


Blog

 
THE WisdomTree BLOG
 






                                    POSTS
                                









                                    CONTRIBUTORS
                                









                                    ARCHIVE
                                














Kevin Flanagan 
									/ Fixed Income, U.S. Treasuries, Interest Rate Strategies, Income Strategies
 05/10/2017
								

Fixed Income Strategy: Staying on Course


Kevin Flanagan 



									When examining the appropriate course for fixed income strategies thus far in 2017, we appear to be staying on course. The overall premise for fixed income investing has essentially been playing out according to our base case: blending a strategic core approach with a complementary solution for the potential of higher rates later in the year.
								

SEE MORE







Bradley Krom 
									/ Interest Rate Strategies
 03/23/2017
								

Playing Better Defense with Rate-Hedged High-Yield Bonds


Bradley Krom 



With global economic activity accelerating, a commonsense trade has been to be over-weight high-yield debt as the outlook for risky borrowers continues to improve. While we have long advocated for this shift in portfolios, we believe there may be a more intuitive way for investors to play defense via interest rate-hedged high-yield bonds.


SEE MORE







Luciano Siracusano III 
											,
										Christopher Carrano 
									/ Equity, Small Caps, Mid-Caps, Earnings, Japan, Currency Hedged Equity, Interest Rate Strategies
 03/16/2017
								

The Fed Moves: What It May Mean for Equities


Luciano Siracusano III,										Christopher Carrano 



									From the presidential election through March 9, the U.S. dollar rallied 4.3%, according to the Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index. Given the recent rate hike, and that many market participants believe there are additional rate hikes on the horizon, what are the equity asset classes that may benefit from rising rates and a rising dollar?
								

SEE MORE







Kevin Flanagan 
									/ Market News, U.S. Treasuries, Fixed Income, Interest Rate Strategies
 03/15/2017
								

Fed Watch: Spring Forward


Kevin Flanagan 



									Much like our clocks this past weekend, the Federal Reserve decided to “spring forward” with its monetary policy decisions. What was the reasoning behind this latest rate hike, and where does that leave potential policy decisions going forward?
								

SEE MORE







Kevin Flanagan 
									/ Fixed Income, Floating Rate Treasury, Interest Rate Strategies
 03/01/2017
								

In Like a Lion?


Kevin Flanagan 



The fixed income arena seems to be facing an interesting dilemma as the calendar turns to March. Will the money and bond markets have to weather the storm from potentially higher rates, or will the storm clouds part as monetary policy developments here in the U.S. give way to the upcoming elections in the Netherlands and France?


SEE MORE


























Jeremy J  Siegel
Senior Investment Strategy Advisor



                        Jeremy J. Siegel, WisdomTree’s Senior Investment Strategy Advisor, is the Russell E. Palmer Professor of Finance at The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. Professor Siegel has written and lectured extensively about the economy and financial markets and is a regular contributor to the financial news media. In 1994, he received the highest teaching rating in a ranking of business school professors conducted by BusinessWeek magazine. His book Stocks for the Long Run was named by The Washington Post as one of the 10 best investment books of all time. His latest book, The Future for Investors, is a bestseller.
                    

Read All Articles






Luciano Siracusano III
Chief Investment Strategist



                        Luciano Siracusano is WisdomTree’s Chief Investment Strategist. He is the co-creator, with CEO Jonathan Steinberg, of WisdomTree’s patented Indexing methodology. Mr. Siracusano led WisdomTree’s sales organization from October 2008 until June of 2015, while also serving as the firm’s Chief Investment Strategist. Luciano stepped down as WisdomTree’s Head of Sales in 2015 to focus full time on his duties as Chief Investment Strategist. From 2001 until October 2008, Luciano was WisdomTree’s Director of Research and was responsible for the creation and development of WisdomTree’s proprietary stock indexes. Luciano is a regular guest on CNBC and FOX Business, and speaks and writes frequently on ETFs, indexing and global financial markets. A former equity analyst at Value Line, Luciano began his career as a speechwriter for former New York Governor Mario Cuomo and HUD Secretary Henry Cisneros. He graduated from Columbia University with a B.A. in Political Science in 1987.
                    

Read All Articles






Jonathan Steinberg
CEO of WisdomTree



                        Prior to establishing WisdomTree, Jonathan founded, and served as Chairman and CEO of Individual Investor Group, Inc. From 1998 to 2004, he held the role of Editor-in-Chief of Individual Investor and Ticker magazines. Before his entrepreneurial accomplishments, Jonathan was an Analyst in the Mergers & Acquisitions division at Bear Stearns & Co. He attended The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and is the author of Midas Investing, published by Random House in 1996.
                    

Read All Articles






Jesper Koll
WisdomTree's Head of Japan



                        Jesper Koll was appointed WisdomTree's Head of Japan on July 1, 2015. Over the past two decades Jesper has been consistently ranked as one of the top Japan strategists/economists, working as Chief Strategist and Head of Research for major U.S. investment banks J.P. Morgan and Merrill Lynch. His analysis and insights have earned him a position on several Japanese government advisory committees and Jesper is also one of the few non-Japanese members of the Keizai Doyukai, the Japan Association of Corporate Executives. He has written two books in Japanese, Towards a New Japanese Golden Age and The End of Heisei Deflation. After arriving in Japan in 1986 Jesper initially worked as an aide to a Member of Parliament. Jesper has a Masters degree from the School of Advanced and International Studies at Johns Hopkins University and was a research fellow at both Tokyo University and Kyoto University. He is a graduate of the Lester B. Pearson College of the Pacific.
                    

Read All Articles






Jeremy Schwartz
Director of Research



                        Jeremy is responsible for the WisdomTree equity index construction process and oversees research across the WisdomTree family. Prior to joining WisdomTree, Jeremy was Professor Jeremy Siegel's head research assistant and helped with the research and writing of Stocks for the Long Run and The Future for Investors. He is also co-author of the Financial Analysts Journal paper "What Happened to the Original Stocks in the S&P 500?" Jeremy is a graduate of The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and currently stays involved with Wharton by hosting the Wharton Business Radio program “Behind the Markets” on SiriusXM 111. Jeremy is also a member of the CFA Society of Philadelphia.
                    

Read All Articles






Christopher Gannatti
Associate Director of Research



                        Christopher Gannatti began at WisdomTree as a Research Analyst in December 2010, working directly with Jeremy Schwartz, CFA®, Director of Research. He is involved in creating and communicating WisdomTree’s thoughts on the markets, as well as analyzing existing strategies and developing new approaches. Christopher came to WisdomTree from Lord Abbett, where he worked for four and a half years as a Regional Consultant. He received his MBA in Quantitative Finance, Accounting, and Economics from NYU’s Stern School of Business in 2010, and he received his bachelor’s degree from Colgate University in Economics in 2006. Christopher is a holder of the Chartered Financial Analyst designation.
                    

Read All Articles






Kevin Flanagan
Senior Fixed Income Strategist



                        As part of WisdomTree’s Investment Strategy group, Kevin serves as Senior Fixed Income Strategist. In this role, he contributes to the asset allocation team, writes fixed income-related content and travels with the sales team, conducting client-facing meetings and providing expertise on WisdomTree’s existing and future bond ETFs. In addition, Kevin works closely with the fixed income team. Prior to joining WisdomTree, Kevin spent 30 years at Morgan Stanley, where he was most recently a Managing Director. He was responsible for tactical and strategic recommendations and created asset allocation models for fixed income securities. He was a contributor to the Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Global Investment Committee, primary author of Morgan Stanley Wealth Management’s monthly and weekly fixed income publications, and collaborated with the firm’s Research and Consulting Group Divisions to build ETF and fund manager asset allocation models. Kevin has an MBA from Pace University’s Lubin Graduate School of Business, and a B.S in Finance from Fairfield University.
                    

Read All Articles






Bradley Krom
Fixed Income & Currency



                        Bradley Krom joined WisdomTree as a member of the Fixed Income and Currency team in December 2010. He is involved in creating and communicating WisdomTree’s thoughts on currency and fixed income markets, as well as analyzing existing and new fund strategies. Prior to joining WisdomTree, Bradley served as a senior trader on a proprietary trading desk at TransMarket Group. Bradley is a graduate of the Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania.
                    

Read All Articles






Tripp Zimmerman
Associate Director of Research



                        Tripp Zimmerman began at WisdomTree as a Research Analyst in February 2013. Now, as an Associate Director of Research, he leads the Firm’s data analytics group, responsible for index creation, maintenance and reconstitution. Tripp travels domestically and internationally to speak about WisdomTree index capabilities and meets with clients across various sales channels. He is also involved in creating and communicating WisdomTree’s thoughts on the markets. Prior to joining WisdomTree, Tripp worked in various investment-related roles for TD Ameritrade, Wells Fargo Advisors, TIAA-CREF and Evergreen Investments. Tripp graduated from The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill with dual degrees in Economics and Philosophy. Tripp is a holder of the Chartered Financial Analyst designation.
                    

Read All Articles






Rick Harper
Head of Fixed Income & Currency



                        Rick Harper serves as the Head of Fixed Income and Currency for WisdomTree Asset Management, where he oversees the firm’s suite of fixed income and currency exchange-traded funds.  Rick has over 22 years investment experience in strategy and portfolio management positions at prominent investment firms. Prior to joining WisdomTree in 2007, Rick held senior level strategist roles with RBC Dain Rauscher, Bank One Capital Markets, ETF Advisors, and Nuveen Investments. At ETF Advisors, he was the portfolio manager and developer of some of the first fixed income exchange-traded funds. His research has been featured in leading periodicals including the Journal of Portfolio Management and the Journal of Indexes. He graduated from Emory University and earned his MBA at Indiana University.
                    

Read All Articles






Ambar Bajaj
Fixed Income & Currency



                        Ambar Bajaj joined WisdomTree as a member of the Fixed Income and Currency team in September 2011. He is involved in creating and communicating WisdomTree’s thoughts on currency and fixed income markets, as well as analyzing existing and new fund strategies. Prior to joining WisdomTree, Ambar traded interest rate derivatives and US Treasuries for a proprietary trading firm. Ambar graduated from the University of Rochester with dual degrees in Economics and Mathematics.
                    

Read All Articles






Gaurav Sinha
Asset Allocation Strategist



                        Gaurav Sinha is currently working as Asset Allocation Strategist at WisdomTree since November 2014. He is leading the Portfolio Analytics and Solutions team and builds specialized investment solutions along with customized analytics for our clients. He is also deeply involved in advancing WisdomTree’s product suite, and has particular expertise on India. Gaurav came to WisdomTree after stints at World Bank, Morgan Stanley and recently with Windhaven Investment Management. He received his Masters in Financial Engineering from Columbia University in 2009 and holds a bachelors Engineering degree from the prestigious Indian Institute Of Technology (IIT).
                    

Read All Articles






Anita Rausch
Head of Capital Markets



                        Anita Rausch is Head of the Capital Markets team. The Capital Markets group is involved in all aspects of WisdomTree ETFs including product development, seeding and bringing new products to market, and working with the client base on trading strategies and best execution strategies. Anita is responsible for the relationships with the trading community and works with them to support the liquidity of the WisdomTree ETFs. Prior to joining WisdomTree, Anita was an Executive Director on the JP Morgan ETF trading desk where she facilitated trades for a wide subset of clients across all ETFs. Anita started her career at Morgan Stanley and became an Executive Director on their ETF trading desk, in charge of the International ETF product. Anita is also a major contributor to both of David Abner’s books, The ETF Handbook (Wiley, 2010) and The Visual Guide to ETFs (Bloomberg, 2013).
                    

Read All Articles






Michael Barrer
Senior Associate of Capital Markets



                        Michael Barrer is a member of the Capital Markets team based in New York. The Capital Markets group is involved in all aspects of WisdomTree ETFs, including product development, seeding and bringing new products to market and working with the client base on trading strategies and best execution strategies. Michael also supports the trading community on providing liquidity and works closely with Hedge Funds on trading and investing in WisdomTree ETFs. Michael began his career in finance as an equity and ETF proprietary trader, followed by two years at Merrill Lynch in an investment-related role. Since joining WisdomTree in 2013, Michael spent a year and a half as an integral member of the sales team and later joined the Capital Markets group to concentrate on his passion for ETF markets and trading. Michael graduated in 2004 from Syracuse University with a focus on business and technology.
                    

Read All Articles






Paige Corbin
Capital Markets Associate



                        Paige Corbin is a member of the Capital Markets team based in New York. The Capital Markets group is involved in all aspects of WisdomTree ETFs, including product development, seeding and bringing new products to market and working with the investor base on trading and best execution strategies. Paige also supports the trading community on providing liquidity and works closely with Hedge Funds and RIAs on trading and investing in WisdomTree ETFs. Paige began her career in finance at Bloomberg LP and subsequently at Bloomberg Tradebook working with clients on electronic trading solutions, developing an expertise in ETF trading. Paige graduated in 2009 from the University of Virginia.
                    

Read All Articles






Zach Hascoe
Capital Markets



                        Zach Hascoe is currently a member of the WisdomTree Corporate Strategy team based in New York.  Prior to this, Zach was the Director of Capital Markets for WisdomTree Europe Ltd based in London. He was responsible for building and growing the capital markets infrastructure for the WisdomTree Europe product set among the various market making and trading counterparties across Europe. In addition, Zach was responsible for managing the capital markets relationships with the stock exchanges, authorized participants (APs), market making firms and investment bank institutional sales and trading businesses.  Zach began at WisdomTree in New York in August 2010 and has been involved in all aspects of the WisdomTree ETFs including product development, helping to seed and bring new products to market, as well as trading strategies and best execution strategies for the client base. He is a frequent contributor to the WisdomTree blog on topics related to the capital markets, liquidity, structure and best execution. Zach received a B.A. from Bucknell University in Political Science and was Captain of the Bucknell Tennis Team. 
                    

Read All Articles






David Abner
Head of Europe



                        David Abner is WisdomTree's Head of Europe. Prior to joining WisdomTree in 2008, David spent two years as a Managing Director and the head of ETF Trading Americas at BNP Paribas. David started his career at Bear Stearns & Co. in 1992. David holds an MS in Management and a BA in Economics from Stony Brook University on Long Island. He is the author of The ETF Handbook (Wiley, 2010) and The Visual Guide to ETFs (Bloomberg, summer 2012).
                    

Read All Articles






Christopher Carrano
Investment Analyst



                        Christopher Carrano is an investment analyst at WisdomTree. He works under Luciano Siracusano, WisdomTree’s Chief Investment Strategist, assisting with market and editorial research. Christopher first joined WisdomTree in April of 2014, and later rejoined the company in September of 2015 after spending time abroad. Prior to WisdomTree, Christopher was an investment consulting intern at Mercer where he monitored and analyzed the investments, and investment managers, of retirement plans and endowments. He graduated from Columbia University with a B.A. in Economics in 2014.
                    

Read All Articles






Joseph Tenaglia
Asset Allocation Strategist



                        Joseph Tenaglia joined WisdomTree as an Asset Allocation Strategist in July 2016. He is responsible for building model portfolios and creating custom solutions for WisdomTree’s clients. Within the research team, Joseph maintains a particular focus on emerging markets. Prior to joining WisdomTree, Joseph worked at Emerging Global Advisors as an Emerging Markets Portfolio Specialist, where he sat on the firm’s Investment Strategy team, oversaw capital markets, and maintained relationships with client home office research and due diligence teams. He started his career at BNY Mellon as a Regional Consultant and also worked as an analyst on the national accounts team.  Joseph graduated in 2009 from Boston College. Joseph is a holder of the Chartered Financial Analyst designation.
                    

Read All Articles






Jeff Weniger, CFA
Asset Allocation Strategist



                        Jeff Weniger, CFA serves as Asset Allocation Strategist at WisdomTree. Jeff has a background in fundamental, economic and behavioral analysis for strategic and tactical asset allocation. Prior to joining WisdomTree, he was Director, Senior Strategist with BMO from 2006 to 2017, serving on the Asset Allocation Committee and co-managing the firm’s ETF model portfolios. Jeff has a B.S. in Finance from the University of Florida and an MBA from Notre Dame. He is a CFA charter holder and an active member of the CFA Society of Chicago and the CFA Institute since 2006. He has appeared in various financial publications such as Barron’s and the Wall Street Journal and makes regular appearances on Canada’s Business News Network (BNN) and Wharton Business Radio.
 


Read All Articles






Matt Wagner
Research Analyst 



                        Matt Wagner joined WisdomTree in May 2017 as a Research Analyst. He works under Christopher Gannatti, Associate Director of Research, where he is responsible for research on WisdomTree’s products and views on the market. He started his career at Morgan Stanley, working as an analyst in Treasury Capital Markets from 2015 to 2017 where he focused on unsecured funding planning, execution and risk management. Matt graduated from Boston College in 2015 with a B.A. in International Studies with a concentration in Economics.  
                    

Read All Articles













Jeremy J  Siegel 
									/ Interest Rate Strategies, Market News
 12/18/2015
								

Jeremy Siegel on the Fed Rate Hike and What It Means for 2016


Jeremy J  Siegel 



On Wednesday afternoon the Federal Reserve raised rates by 25 basis points, effectively raising its target band for the Federal Funds Rate to 25−50 bps. A widely anticipated move, it is an important and positive development for risk markets such as equities in that it removes a level of uncertainty.


SEE MORE







Bradley Krom 
									/ Interest Rate Strategies, Market News
 12/17/2015
								

The Impact of Fed Tightening on U.S. Investment Grade Credit


Bradley Krom 



After nearly two and a half years of debate, the Federal Reserve finally lifted the Federal Funds Rate target by 25 basis points on December 16, 2015. While investors continue to grapple with what impact this might have for markets and the economy, we thought it could be instructive to understand what impact a tightening cycle has historically had on the cost of credit for investment-grade corporations.


SEE MORE







Jeremy Schwartz 
									/ Conversations with Professor Siegel, Interest Rate Strategies, Market News, U.S. Dollar
 12/16/2015
								

The Fed to Perpetuate a Strong Dollar


Jeremy Schwartz 



Last week, Professor Siegel and I chat with Marc Chandler, Head of Global Markets Strategy at Brown Brothers Harriman, about his views on divergent central bank policy actions, implications for the U.S. dollar, euro and yen, as well as his thoughts regarding emerging markets.
 


SEE MORE







Luciano Siracusano III 
									/ Interest Rate Strategies, Market News
 12/15/2015
								

What Happens When Interest Rates Rise?


Luciano Siracusano III 



With December 16 marking the last opportunity for the Federal Reserve (Fed) to raise interest rates in 2015, market participants now put the odds of a Fed rate hike in December at nearly 80%—up from the 32% probability given to a rate hike just three months ago in September.


SEE MORE







Bradley Krom 
									/ Fixed Income, Currency & Alternative, Income Strategies, Interest Rate Strategies
 10/19/2015
								

What Drives Returns (and Volatility) of the Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index?


Bradley Krom 



Over the last couple of months, volatility across asset classes has ticked up markedly. Interestingly, although interest rates have declined from their highs of the year, rates haven’t fallen that much compared to the downdraft in global equity prices. Brad Krom explains why this has resulted in the returns of the Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index (Agg) remaining approximately unchanged year-to-date.  


SEE MORE
























 
CATEGORIES



All Articles


ETF Education


Emerging Markets


Earnings


Currency Hedged Equity


Interest Rate Strategies


Japan


Europe


BTM Podcast Series


 
POPULAR



Why the Timing Is Ripe for Emerging Market Equities


Macron vs. the Coalition of the Unwilling: It’s HEDJ Time


What Makes ETFs Tax Efficient?



RELATED LINKS
 
Glossary
 
                    FOLLOW US
                


email@wisdomtree.com





Twitter


YouTube


LinkedIn





REGISTER TO RECEIVE BLOG ALERTS
Already registered? Please log in to sign up for blogs.


 





Individual Investor





 Financial Professional
































Select Country
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, The Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
Korea, Republic of
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe




State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Other













NEXT STEP

 












RESTRICTED MATERIAL
This material is intended for Financial Professionals only. Financial Professionals who register with WisdomTree get exclusive access to our timely research and market insights.
LOGIN
Register












You are now leaving the WisdomTree Website


                     Hyperlinks on this website are provided as a convenience and we disclaim any responsibility for information, services or products found on the websites linked hereto.
                
Click here to continue











Rising Interest Rates & ETF Solutions | WisdomTree



























                Menu 
                









WisdomTree ETFs                                                    







 



                                            All ETFs
                




 



                                            Equity ETFs
                




 



                                            Fixed Income ETFs
                




 



                                            Alternative ETFs
                




 



                                            Currency ETFs
                




 



                                            All Indexes
                














Strategies                                                    







 



                                            Smart Beta
                




 



                                            Rising Rates Solutions
                




 



                                            Currency Hedging
                




 



                                            Quality Dividend Growth
                




 



                                            Fixed Income Solutions
                




 



                                            Emerging Markets
                














Resource Library                                                    







 



                                            WisdomTree Resources
                




 



                                            Prospectus & Regulatory
                




 



                                            Fact Sheets & Reports
                














Investor Community                                                    







 



                                            Financial Advisors
                




 



                                            Institutional Accounts
                














Blog                                                    







 



                                            All Blogs
                




 



                                            ETF Education
                




 



                                            Emerging Markets
                




 



                                            Interest Rate Strategies
                
















                                    About
                                












                                            Who we are
                                        









                                            Contact Us
                                        









                                            Press Room
                                        









                                            Careers
                                        














                                                    Investor Relations
                                                













                                                    Contact Us
                                                













                                                International Sites 
                                            












Canada                                                    









Switzerland                                                    









Germany                                                    









Finland                                                    









France                                                    









United Kingdom                                                    









Ireland                                                    









Italy                                                    









Japan                                                    









Luxembourg                                                    









Netherlands                                                    









Norway                                                    









Sweden                                                    









United States















                                                        Sign In / Register
                                                
























 BACK 
                


















About




Who we are


Contact Us


Press Room


Careers





Investor Relations 

Contact Us 




USA






CAN





CHE





DEU





FIN





FRA





GBR





IRL





ITA





JPN





LUX





NLD





NOR





SWE










Get access to exclusive content, industry insights, and more:
SIGN IN/REGISTER

















                                            WisdomTree ETFs
                                        







                            All ETFs
                        



                            Equity ETFs
                        



                            Fixed Income ETFs
                        



                            Alternative ETFs
                        



                            Currency ETFs
                        



                            All Indexes
                        







                                    Domestic Dividends
                                



                                    Domestic Earnings
                                



                                    Multifactor
                                



                                    Developed World ex-U.S.
                                



                                    Global/Global ex-U.S.
                                



                                    Emerging/Frontier Markets
                                



                                    Currency Hedged Equity
                                





                                    Strategic Core
                                



                                    Fundamental
                                



                                    International
                                



                                    Interest Rate Strategies
                                




DYLS
WisdomTree Dynamic Long/Short U.S. Equity Fund


DYB
WisdomTree Dynamic Bearish U.S. Equity Fund


WDTI
WisdomTree Managed Futures Strategy 


PUTW
WisdomTree CBOE S&P 500 PutWrite Strategy Fund


RRF
Global Real Return


GCC
WisdomTree Continuous Commodity Index Fund





                                    Domestic
                                



                                    Emerging Markets
                                






DTD
WisdomTree U.S. Total Dividend Fund


DLN
WisdomTree U.S. LargeCap Dividend Fund


DON
WisdomTree U.S. MidCap Dividend Fund


DES
WisdomTree U.S. SmallCap Dividend Fund


DHS
WisdomTree U.S. High Dividend Fund


DTN
WisdomTree U.S. Dividend ex-Financials Fund


DGRW
WisdomTree U.S. Quality Dividend Growth Fund


DGRS
WisdomTree U.S. SmallCap Quality Dividend Growth Fund




EXT
WisdomTree U.S. Total Earnings Fund


EPS
WisdomTree U.S. Earnings 500 Fund


EZM
WisdomTree U.S. MidCap Earnings Fund


EES
WisdomTree U.S. SmallCap Earnings Fund


EZY
WisdomTree U.S. LargeCap Value Fund


WUSA
WisdomTree U.S. Domestic Economy Fund


WEXP
WisdomTree U.S. Export and Multinational Fund




USMF
WisdomTree U.S. Multifactor Fund




DWM
WisdomTree International Equity Fund


DOL
WisdomTree International LargeCap Dividend Fund


DIM
WisdomTree International MidCap Dividend  Fund


DLS
WisdomTree International SmallCap Dividend Fund


DTH
WisdomTree International High Dividend Fund


DOO
WisdomTree International Dividend ex-Financials Fund


IQDG
WisdomTree International Quality Dividend Growth Fund


EUDG
WisdomTree Europe Quality Dividend Growth Fund


EDOM
WisdomTree Europe Domestic Economy Fund


DFE
WisdomTree Europe SmallCap Dividend Fund


DFJ
WisdomTree Japan SmallCap Dividend Fund


AUSE
WisdomTree Australia Dividend Fund




DEW
WisdomTree Global High Dividend Fund


DNL
WisdomTree Global ex‐U.S. Quality Dividend Growth Fund


GSD
WisdomTree Global SmallCap Dividend Fund


DRW
WisdomTree Global ex-U.S. Real Estate Fund


AXJL
WisdomTree Asia Pacific ex-Japan Fund


XMX
WisdomTree Global ex-Mexico Equity Fund




DVEM
WisdomTree Emerging Markets Dividend Fund


DEM
WisdomTree Emerging Markets High Dividend Fund


DGS
WisdomTree Emerging Markets SmallCap Dividend Fund


DGRE
WisdomTree Emerging Markets Quality Dividend Growth Fund


EMCG
WisdomTree Emerging Markets Consumer Growth Fund


EMSD
WisdomTree Strong Dollar Emerging Markets Equity Fund


EPI
WisdomTree India Earnings Fund


XSOE
WisdomTree Emerging Markets ex-State-Owned Enterprises Fund


CXSE
WisdomTree China ex-State-Owned Enterprises Fund


GULF
WisdomTree Middle East Dividend Fund




HEDJ
WisdomTree Europe Hedged Equity Fund


EUSC
WisdomTree Europe Hedged SmallCap Equity Fund


DXGE
WisdomTree Germany Hedged Equity Fund


DXUS
WisdomTree Global ex-U.S. Hedged Dividend Fund


IHDG
WisdomTree International Hedged Quality Dividend Growth Fund


HGSD
WisdomTree Global Hedged SmallCap Dividend Fund


DXPS
WisdomTree United Kingdom Hedged Equity Fund


HDRW
WisdomTree Global ex-U.S. Hedged Real Estate Fund


DXJ
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Equity Fund


JHDG
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Quality Dividend Growth Fund


DXJS
WisdomTree Japan Hedged SmallCap Equity Fund


DXJF
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Financials Fund


DXJR
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Real Estate Fund


DXJC
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Capital Goods Fund


DXJH
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Health Care Fund


DDWM
WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged International Equity Fund


DHDG
WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged International Quality Dividend Growth Fund


DDLS
WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged International SmallCap Equity Fund


DDEZ
WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged Europe Equity Fund


DDJP
WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged Japan Equity Fund




CRDT
WisdomTree Strategic Corporate Bond Fund


UBND
WisdomTree Western Asset Unconstrained Bond Fund


AGGY
WisdomTree Barclays Yield Enhanced U.S. Aggregate Bond Fund


SHAG
WisdomTree Barclays Yield Enhanced U.S. Short-Term Aggregate Bond Fund




WFIG
WisdomTree Fundamental U.S. Corporate Bond Fund


SFIG
WisdomTree Fundamental U.S. Short-Term Corporate Bond Fund


WFHY
WisdomTree Fundamental U.S. High Yield Corporate Bond Fund


SFHY
WisdomTree Fundamental U.S. Short-Term High Yield Corporate Bond Fund




EMCB
WisdomTree Emerging Markets Corporate Bond Fund


ELD
WisdomTree Emerging Markets Local Debt Fund


ALD
WisdomTree Asia Local Debt Fund




AGZD
WisdomTree Barclays Interest Rate Hedged U.S. Aggregate Bond Fund


AGND
WisdomTree Barclays Negative Duration U.S. Aggregate Bond Fund


HYZD
WisdomTree Interest Rate Hedged High Yield Bond Fund


HYND
WisdomTree Negative Duration High Yield Bond Fund


USFR
WisdomTree Bloomberg Floating Rate Treasury Fund




USDU
WisdomTree Bloomberg U.S. Dollar Bullish Fund




CYB
WisdomTree Chinese Yuan Strategy Fund


BZF
WisdomTree Brazilian Real Strategy Fund


CEW
WisdomTree Emerging Currency Strategy Fund












                                            STRATEGIES
                                        



Smart Beta
Rising Rates Solutions
Currency Hedging
Quality Dividend Growth
Fixed Income Solutions
Emerging Markets






                                            RESOURCE LIBRARY
                                        



WisdomTree Resources
Prospectus & Regulatory
Fact Sheets & Reports






                                            INVESTOR COMMUNITY
                                        



Financial Advisors
Institutional Accounts






                                            BLOG
                                        



All Blogs
ETF Education
Emerging Markets
Interest Rate Strategies














My WisdomTree - Sign in
 










Remember me


SIGN IN


Forgot your password?








Not Registered? Register Now.
Individual investors who register can access daily blog posts, latest videos, podcasts and snapshots, and stay current with industry insights. On top of that, Financial Professionals get additional access to thoughtful research, smart analytics and unique economic commentary from Jeremy Siegel.
1. My Profile >2. Additional Information




 


Account Type


Individual Investor



 Financial Professional


































Select Country
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, The Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
Korea, Republic of
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe




State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Other





By submitting below you certify that you have read and agree to our privacy policy.









NEXT STEP










Home


Strategies


Rising Rates ETFs

 
RISING RATES ETFs


RELATED LINKS

Prepare Your Portfolio for Rising Rates


 






                                    RISING RATES
                                









                                    AGZD
                                









                                    AGND
                                









                                    HYZD
                                









                                    HYND
                                









                                    USFR
                                








How can you use ETFs to navigate interest rate changes at the Fed?
 
Bonds and interest rates have an inverse relationship, so when interest rates rise, bond prices (and total returns) fall. WisdomTree partnered with Bloomberg, Barclays, and BofA Merrill Lynch to create a family of five unique bond ETFs that can help investors navigate rising interest rates, while maintaining exposure to familiar strategies (and potentially supplementing income). 
 
AGZD


AGGREGATE BOND EXPOSURE WITH ZERO DURATION

The WisdomTree Barclays Interest Rate Hedged U.S. Aggregate Bond Fund (AGZD) can help investors maintain traditional bond exposures while decreasing their overall sensitivity to rising interest rates.


 
AGND


AGGREGATE BOND EXPOSURE WITH NEGATIVE DURATION

The WisdomTree Barclays Negative Duration U.S. Aggregate Bond Fund (AGND) can help investors maintain traditional bond exposures while decreasing their overall sensitivity to rising interest rates.


 
HYZD


HIGH YIELD WITH ZERO DURATION

The WisdomTree Interest Rate Hedged High Yield Bond Fund (HYZD) can help investors reduce the interest rate risk of their overall portfolio while supplementing income levels.


 
HYND


HIGH YIELD WITH NEGATIVE DURATION

The WisdomTree Negative Duration High Yield Bond Fund (HYND) can help investors reduce the interest rate risk of their overall portfolio while supplementing income levels.


 
USFR


U.S. TREASURY FLOATING RATE

The WisdomTree Bloomberg Floating Rate Treasury Fund (USFR) seeks to track the price and yield performance of the Bloomberg U.S. Treasury Floating Rate Bond Index.




AGGREGATE BOND EXPOSURE WITH ZERO DURATION

 
Many investors view the Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index (Agg), as a broad approximation of the U.S. investment-grade1 bond market—and mirror it for much of their core bond portfolios. In the current environment, however, investors may face increasing volatility and low levels of income from this subset of the fixed income markets.



The WisdomTree Barclays Interest Rate Hedged U.S. Aggregate Bond Fund (AGZD) can help investors maintain traditional bond exposures while decreasing their overall sensitivity to rising interest rates.

 

AGZD essentially combines a long position in cash bonds representative of the Agg with a short position in Treasury Bonds and/or Treasury futures to target the zero interest rate exposure. Investors can use the portfolio as a stand-alone tool for combatting rising interest rates or combine it with other interest rate-sensitive assets in their portfolio to target their desired level of risk.



As shown in the hypothetical allocation below, by allocating a portion of their overall portfolio to AGZD, investors can reduce their overall exposure to interest rate risk2.




Learn more about Zero Duration Bond Funds 

Get the facts about AGZD 


 

1Bonds with ratings of BBB-/Baa or higher are considered investment grade.

2Interest rate risk: The risk that an investment's value will decline due to an increase in interest rates.


AGGREGATE BOND EXPOSURE WITH NEGATIVE DURATION
 
Many investors view the Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index (Agg), as a broad approximation of the U.S. investment-grade1 bond market—and mirror it for much of their core bond portfolios. In the current environment, however, investors may face increasing volatility and low levels of income from this subset of the fixed income markets.



The WisdomTree Barclays Negative Duration U.S. Aggregate Bond Fund (AGND) can help investors maintain traditional bond exposures while decreasing their overall sensitivity to rising interest rates.

 
AGND essentially combines a long position in cash bonds representative of the Agg with a short position in Treasury Bonds and/or Treasury futures to target the negative interest rate exposure. Investors can use the portfolio as a stand-alone tool for combatting rising interest rates or combine it with other interest rate-sensitive assets in their portfolio to target their desired level of risk.



As shown in the hypothetical allocation below, by allocating a portion of their overall portfolio to AGND, investors can reduce their overall exposure to interest rate risk2.




Learn more about Negative Duration Bond Funds

Get the facts about AGND 


 

1Bonds with ratings of BBB-/Baa or higher are considered investment grade.

2Interest rate risk: The risk that an investment's value will decline due to an increase in interest rates.


HIGH YIELD WITH ZERO DURATIONHigh yield bonds continue to be one of the most popular segments of the fixed income market. But as concerns about credit risk trend lower, fear of interest rate risk is on the rise.



The WisdomTree Interest Rate Hedged High Yield Bond Fund (HYZD) can help investors reduce the interest rate risk of their overall portfolio while supplementing income levels.
 

HYZD essentially combines a long position in cash bonds from the BofA Merrill Lynch 0-5 Year US High Yield Constrained Index with a short position in Treasury bonds and/or Treasury futures to target the zero duration exposure. When incorporated into a core fixed income portfolio, HYZD could provide many benefits in a rising rate environment.




As shown in the hypothetical allocation below on the right, by allocating a portion of their overall portfolio to HYZD, investors can reduce their overall exposure to interest rate risk1.





Learn more about Zero Duration Bond Funds

Get the facts about HYZD


 
1Interest rate risk: The risk that an investment's value will decline due to an increase in interest rates.


HIGH YIELD WITH NEGATIVE DURATION

High yield bonds continue to be one of the most popular segments of the fixed income market1. But as concerns about credit risk trend lower, fear of interest rate risk is on the rise.



The WisdomTree Negative Duration High Yield Bond Fund (HYND) can help investors reduce the interest rate risk of their overall portfolio while supplementing income levels.




HYND essentially combines a long position in cash bonds from the BofA Merrill Lynch 0-5 Year US High Yield Constrained Index with a short position in Treasury bonds and/or Treasury futures to target the negative interest rate exposure. When incorporated into a core fixed income portfolio, HYND could provide many benefits in a rising rate environment.



As shown in the hypothetical allocation below, by allocating a portion of their overall portfolio to HYND, investors can reduce their overall exposure to interest rate risk2.
 




Learn more about Negative Duration Bond Funds

Get the facts about HYND


 

1Sources: Bloomberg, BofA Merrill Lynch, as of 12/31/13.

2Interest rate risk: The risk that an investment's value will decline due to an increase in interest rates.


U.S. TREASURY FLOATING RATE


In response to the growing demand from investors looking to reduce interest rate risk, the United States Treasury is issuing floating rate notes (FRNs)1 for the first time in its history. We believe this new class of issuance is an attractive option for investors looking to limit their exposure to credit risk2, while maintaining the potential to benefit from increases in interest rates.



The WisdomTree Bloomberg Floating Rate Treasury Fund (USFR) seeks to track the price and yield performance of the Bloomberg U.S. Treasury Floating Rate Bond Index.

Floating rate notes help bridge an important gap between short-maturity Treasury bills3 and longer-maturity, fixed rate Treasury bonds4 providing:

 
1


Potential to benefit from rising interest rates and higher yields


 
2


Income payments backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government





Learn more about Floating Rate Treasuries

Get the facts about USFR




1Floating rate notes: A debt instrument whose coupon payments are tied to a short-term borrowing rate such as a US Treasury Bill Rate or the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR).

2Credit risk: The risk that a borrower will not meet their contractual obligations in conjunction with an investment.

3Treasury bill: A short-term debt obligation backed by the U.S. government with a maturity of less than one year.

4Treasury bonds: A debt obligation backed by the U.S. government with a maturity of more than ten years.













RESTRICTED MATERIAL
This material is intended for Financial Professionals only. Financial Professionals who register with WisdomTree get exclusive access to our timely research and market insights.
LOGIN
Register












You are now leaving the WisdomTree Website


                     Hyperlinks on this website are provided as a convenience and we disclaim any responsibility for information, services or products found on the websites linked hereto.
                
Click here to continue











Page Not Found | WisdomTree



























                Menu 
                









WisdomTree ETFs                                                    







 



                                            All ETFs
                




 



                                            Equity ETFs
                




 



                                            Fixed Income ETFs
                




 



                                            Alternative ETFs
                




 



                                            Currency ETFs
                




 



                                            All Indexes
                














Strategies                                                    







 



                                            Smart Beta
                




 



                                            Rising Rates Solutions
                




 



                                            Currency Hedging
                




 



                                            Quality Dividend Growth
                




 



                                            Fixed Income Solutions
                




 



                                            Emerging Markets
                














Resource Library                                                    







 



                                            WisdomTree Resources
                




 



                                            Prospectus & Regulatory
                




 



                                            Fact Sheets & Reports
                














Investor Community                                                    







 



                                            Financial Advisors
                




 



                                            Institutional Accounts
                














Blog                                                    







 



                                            All Blogs
                




 



                                            ETF Education
                




 



                                            Emerging Markets
                




 



                                            Interest Rate Strategies
                
















                                    About
                                












                                            Who we are
                                        









                                            Contact Us
                                        









                                            Press Room
                                        









                                            Careers
                                        














                                                    Investor Relations
                                                













                                                    Contact Us
                                                













                                                International Sites 
                                            












Canada                                                    









Switzerland                                                    









Germany                                                    









Finland                                                    









France                                                    









United Kingdom                                                    









Ireland                                                    









Italy                                                    









Japan                                                    









Luxembourg                                                    









Netherlands                                                    









Norway                                                    









Sweden                                                    









United States















                                                        Sign In / Register
                                                
























 BACK 
                


















About




Who we are


Contact Us


Press Room


Careers





Investor Relations 

Contact Us 




USA






CAN





CHE





DEU





FIN





FRA





GBR





IRL





ITA





JPN





LUX





NLD





NOR





SWE










Get access to exclusive content, industry insights, and more:
SIGN IN/REGISTER

















                                            WisdomTree ETFs
                                        







                            All ETFs
                        



                            Equity ETFs
                        



                            Fixed Income ETFs
                        



                            Alternative ETFs
                        



                            Currency ETFs
                        



                            All Indexes
                        







                                    Domestic Dividends
                                



                                    Domestic Earnings
                                



                                    Multifactor
                                



                                    Developed World ex-U.S.
                                



                                    Global/Global ex-U.S.
                                



                                    Emerging/Frontier Markets
                                



                                    Currency Hedged Equity
                                





                                    Strategic Core
                                



                                    Fundamental
                                



                                    International
                                



                                    Interest Rate Strategies
                                




DYLS
WisdomTree Dynamic Long/Short U.S. Equity Fund


DYB
WisdomTree Dynamic Bearish U.S. Equity Fund


WDTI
WisdomTree Managed Futures Strategy 


PUTW
WisdomTree CBOE S&P 500 PutWrite Strategy Fund


RRF
Global Real Return


GCC
WisdomTree Continuous Commodity Index Fund





                                    Domestic
                                



                                    Emerging Markets
                                






DTD
WisdomTree U.S. Total Dividend Fund


DLN
WisdomTree U.S. LargeCap Dividend Fund


DON
WisdomTree U.S. MidCap Dividend Fund


DES
WisdomTree U.S. SmallCap Dividend Fund


DHS
WisdomTree U.S. High Dividend Fund


DTN
WisdomTree U.S. Dividend ex-Financials Fund


DGRW
WisdomTree U.S. Quality Dividend Growth Fund


DGRS
WisdomTree U.S. SmallCap Quality Dividend Growth Fund




EXT
WisdomTree U.S. Total Earnings Fund


EPS
WisdomTree U.S. Earnings 500 Fund


EZM
WisdomTree U.S. MidCap Earnings Fund


EES
WisdomTree U.S. SmallCap Earnings Fund


EZY
WisdomTree U.S. LargeCap Value Fund


WUSA
WisdomTree U.S. Domestic Economy Fund


WEXP
WisdomTree U.S. Export and Multinational Fund




USMF
WisdomTree U.S. Multifactor Fund




DWM
WisdomTree International Equity Fund


DOL
WisdomTree International LargeCap Dividend Fund


DIM
WisdomTree International MidCap Dividend  Fund


DLS
WisdomTree International SmallCap Dividend Fund


DTH
WisdomTree International High Dividend Fund


DOO
WisdomTree International Dividend ex-Financials Fund


IQDG
WisdomTree International Quality Dividend Growth Fund


EUDG
WisdomTree Europe Quality Dividend Growth Fund


EDOM
WisdomTree Europe Domestic Economy Fund


DFE
WisdomTree Europe SmallCap Dividend Fund


DFJ
WisdomTree Japan SmallCap Dividend Fund


AUSE
WisdomTree Australia Dividend Fund




DEW
WisdomTree Global High Dividend Fund


DNL
WisdomTree Global ex‐U.S. Quality Dividend Growth Fund


GSD
WisdomTree Global SmallCap Dividend Fund


DRW
WisdomTree Global ex-U.S. Real Estate Fund


AXJL
WisdomTree Asia Pacific ex-Japan Fund


XMX
WisdomTree Global ex-Mexico Equity Fund




DVEM
WisdomTree Emerging Markets Dividend Fund


DEM
WisdomTree Emerging Markets High Dividend Fund


DGS
WisdomTree Emerging Markets SmallCap Dividend Fund


DGRE
WisdomTree Emerging Markets Quality Dividend Growth Fund


EMCG
WisdomTree Emerging Markets Consumer Growth Fund


EMSD
WisdomTree Strong Dollar Emerging Markets Equity Fund


EPI
WisdomTree India Earnings Fund


XSOE
WisdomTree Emerging Markets ex-State-Owned Enterprises Fund


CXSE
WisdomTree China ex-State-Owned Enterprises Fund


GULF
WisdomTree Middle East Dividend Fund




HEDJ
WisdomTree Europe Hedged Equity Fund


EUSC
WisdomTree Europe Hedged SmallCap Equity Fund


DXGE
WisdomTree Germany Hedged Equity Fund


DXUS
WisdomTree Global ex-U.S. Hedged Dividend Fund


IHDG
WisdomTree International Hedged Quality Dividend Growth Fund


HGSD
WisdomTree Global Hedged SmallCap Dividend Fund


DXPS
WisdomTree United Kingdom Hedged Equity Fund


HDRW
WisdomTree Global ex-U.S. Hedged Real Estate Fund


DXJ
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Equity Fund


JHDG
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Quality Dividend Growth Fund


DXJS
WisdomTree Japan Hedged SmallCap Equity Fund


DXJF
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Financials Fund


DXJR
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Real Estate Fund


DXJC
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Capital Goods Fund


DXJH
WisdomTree Japan Hedged Health Care Fund


DDWM
WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged International Equity Fund


DHDG
WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged International Quality Dividend Growth Fund


DDLS
WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged International SmallCap Equity Fund


DDEZ
WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged Europe Equity Fund


DDJP
WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged Japan Equity Fund




CRDT
WisdomTree Strategic Corporate Bond Fund


UBND
WisdomTree Western Asset Unconstrained Bond Fund


AGGY
WisdomTree Barclays Yield Enhanced U.S. Aggregate Bond Fund


SHAG
WisdomTree Barclays Yield Enhanced U.S. Short-Term Aggregate Bond Fund




WFIG
WisdomTree Fundamental U.S. Corporate Bond Fund


SFIG
WisdomTree Fundamental U.S. Short-Term Corporate Bond Fund


WFHY
WisdomTree Fundamental U.S. High Yield Corporate Bond Fund


SFHY
WisdomTree Fundamental U.S. Short-Term High Yield Corporate Bond Fund




EMCB
WisdomTree Emerging Markets Corporate Bond Fund


ELD
WisdomTree Emerging Markets Local Debt Fund


ALD
WisdomTree Asia Local Debt Fund




AGZD
WisdomTree Barclays Interest Rate Hedged U.S. Aggregate Bond Fund


AGND
WisdomTree Barclays Negative Duration U.S. Aggregate Bond Fund


HYZD
WisdomTree Interest Rate Hedged High Yield Bond Fund


HYND
WisdomTree Negative Duration High Yield Bond Fund


USFR
WisdomTree Bloomberg Floating Rate Treasury Fund




USDU
WisdomTree Bloomberg U.S. Dollar Bullish Fund




CYB
WisdomTree Chinese Yuan Strategy Fund


BZF
WisdomTree Brazilian Real Strategy Fund


CEW
WisdomTree Emerging Currency Strategy Fund












                                            STRATEGIES
                                        



Smart Beta
Rising Rates Solutions
Currency Hedging
Quality Dividend Growth
Fixed Income Solutions
Emerging Markets






                                            RESOURCE LIBRARY
                                        



WisdomTree Resources
Prospectus & Regulatory
Fact Sheets & Reports






                                            INVESTOR COMMUNITY
                                        



Financial Advisors
Institutional Accounts






                                            BLOG
                                        



All Blogs
ETF Education
Emerging Markets
Interest Rate Strategies














My WisdomTree - Sign in
 










Remember me


SIGN IN


Forgot your password?








Not Registered? Register Now.
Individual investors who register can access daily blog posts, latest videos, podcasts and snapshots, and stay current with industry insights. On top of that, Financial Professionals get additional access to thoughtful research, smart analytics and unique economic commentary from Jeremy Siegel.
1. My Profile >2. Additional Information




 


Account Type


Individual Investor



 Financial Professional


































Select Country
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, The Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
Korea, Republic of
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe




State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Other





By submitting below you certify that you have read and agree to our privacy policy.









NEXT STEP








404 Error
 
We’re sorry the page you are looking for could not be found.
Please see one of the following instead:
 

Home
WisdomTree Resources
WisdomTree ETFs











RESTRICTED MATERIAL
This material is intended for Financial Professionals only. Financial Professionals who register with WisdomTree get exclusive access to our timely research and market insights.
LOGIN
Register












You are now leaving the WisdomTree Website


                     Hyperlinks on this website are provided as a convenience and we disclaim any responsibility for information, services or products found on the websites linked hereto.
                
Click here to continue









 






Please Select Your Location and Investor Type

















EN
Other
Other


 Client Portal


 















☰ Menu



 About Us 

 Locations 



 Newsroom 

 Executive Biographies 
 Press Releases 



 Contact 












Home
			/ No Access
 
Please Select Your Location and Investor Type



 



Welcome to Barings. We have organized the information on our website to be specific to the needs of the global investor community, and also to reflect the needs of investors across different regions of the world we serve.

Please select your location and investor type. Alternatively, you may also start from our Barings.com home page.









You are now leaving Barings.com. We make no representations about the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in any external sites and assume no liability of the content or presentation of external sites.
Would you like to proceed?
Yes
Don't Leave




 Legal & Privacy 









 About Us 


 Locations 




 Newsroom 


 Executive Biographies 


 Press Releases 




 Contact 





The opinions and other information contained herein, whether express or implied are made in good faith in relation to the facts known at the time of preparation and are subject to change without notice. PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS.

This material should not be construed as a recommendation, and Barings is not soliciting any action based upon such information. Additionally, the strategies and funds may not be available to all investor types in all jurisdictions. 
 Copyright © 2017 Barings. All rights reserved.


























Please Select Your Client Portal:


                                    Fixed Income
                                

                                    Real Estate
                                







 


















Welcome to Barings. We have organized the information on our website to be specific to the needs of the global investor community, and also to reflect the needs of investors across different regions of the world we serve.







Please Select Your Location:



Please Choose Your Location





Americas





Canada






United States








Asia Pacific





Australia




China (中国)




Hong Kong - English






Hong Kong (香港 – 中文)




Japan (日本)




Korea (한국)






Singapore




Taiwan (台灣)






Europe





Austria (Österreich)




Belgium




Denmark




Finland




France




Germany (Deutschland)






Ireland




Italy




Luxembourg




Netherlands




Norway






Portugal




Spain




Sweden




Switzerland




United Kingdom






Middle East





DIFC










Global





Other















Please Select Your Investor Type:

Institutional
Financial Advisor
Professional Investor
Investment Trust
Charity
Other
Individual













You are now leaving Barings.com. We make no representations about the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in any external sites and assume no liability of the content or presentation of external sites.
Would you like to proceed?
Yes
Don't Leave







    BGH News - Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Company News & Press Releases - MarketWatch




































Bulletin

Dow futures up 100 points »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund

                  NYSE: BGH
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 25, 2017, 4:02 p.m.


BGH

/quotes/zigman/77214930/composite


$
20.15




Change

+0.06
+0.30%

Volume
Volume 31,802
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/77214930/composite
Previous close

$
			20.09
		


$
				20.15
			
Change

+0.06
+0.30%





Day low
Day high
$20.08
$20.15










52 week low
52 week high

            $17.34
        

            $20.49
        

















/news/latest/company/us/bgh

      MarketWatch News on BGH
    




 Junk bonds, after a tumultuous 2015, are now alluring
10:58 a.m. Jan. 4, 2016
 - Jeff Reeves











/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/bgh

      Other News on BGH
    





High-Yield Bonds Q2 Update: Still No Bubble Forming

10:50 a.m. July 12, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Goldilocks Principle

11:49 a.m. June 27, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Bonds And Related Indicators

7:49 p.m. June 19, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Bonds Are An Overvalued Asset Class

11:44 a.m. June 19, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





'Eerily Familiar': The Ghost Of Bubbles Past

6:12 p.m. June 13, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Potemkin Village

7:26 a.m. June 13, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





This Is A Bubble

1:37 p.m. May 22, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Fixed Income Market Views

6:43 a.m. May 18, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





The Reverse Kevin Costner Effect: If You Don't Build It, They Will Still Come

11:11 a.m. May 16, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Bond Basics 3: Should You Wait For Higher Yields?

9:44 a.m. May 9, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Is A Bubble Brewing In Income Assets?

8:31 a.m. April 25, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Why Bonds Aren't Overvalued

11:10 p.m. April 20, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





The Debate Over Active Versus Passive Investing In Bonds

6:44 a.m. April 19, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Corporate Bonds: Pick Up Yield From These 3 Retailers

12:48 p.m. April 14, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





High Yield Spreads Tracking Equity Prices

12:59 a.m. April 11, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





The World's Most Overrated Trade

3:01 a.m. April 10, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Mexican Divorce

2:15 a.m. April 4, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Maybe The Recovery Wasn't Real After All

8:01 a.m. April 2, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





This Is What A Bursting Bubble Looks Like

2:50 p.m. March 28, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Credit Knows

11:08 a.m. March 23, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha


Loading more headlines...







/news/pressrelease/company/us/bgh

      Press Releases on BGH
    




 Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces July 2017 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share
2:30 p.m. July 10, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces June 2017 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share
2:31 p.m. June 12, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund to Host Quarterly Investor Call
1:38 p.m. May 15, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces May 2017 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share
3:30 p.m. May 11, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces April 2017 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share
1:51 p.m. April 7, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces March 2017 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share
7:35 p.m. March 9, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces February 2017 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share
5:22 p.m. Feb. 7, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces January 2017 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share
10:03 a.m. Jan. 11, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces December 2016 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share
11:36 a.m. Dec. 8, 2016
 - GlobeNewswire




 Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces November 2016 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share
3:31 p.m. Nov. 9, 2016
 - GlobeNewswire




 Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund to Host Quarterly Investor Call
4:18 p.m. Nov. 4, 2016
 - GlobeNewswire




 Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces October 2016 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share
12:03 p.m. Oct. 12, 2016
 - GlobeNewswire




 Babson Capital Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces September 2016 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share
5:21 p.m. Sept. 6, 2016
 - GlobeNewswire




 Babson Capital Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces August 2016 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share
12:11 p.m. Aug. 8, 2016
 - GlobeNewswire




















Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




9:23 AM EDT
July 26, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:23aFord shares are down 1.7% after Q2 earnings
9:22aDiana Containerships' stock plummets after plans for second reverse stock split in a month
9:21aShares of Verizon Communications are up more than 2%
9:19aShares of Dish Network are down 2.6% premarket
9:17aHealth-care fund managers say a spike in drugs and devices will produce big returns
9:15aDollar steadies as investors await Fed’s policy signals
9:13aA money manager fights the social pressure for ‘more house’
9:11aTreasury yields fall as investors await Fed policy statement
9:11aDiana Containerships' stock plummets 35% to 30 cents in premarket trade
9:10aThe ultimate contrarian investment awaits: coal stocks
9:10aDiana Containerships to effect 1-for-6 reverse stock split, on or around July 27
9:09aU.S. stock futures advance as market waits for Fed decision, earnings rush
9:09aContrarian investor: Reports of the internal combustion engine’s death are greatly exaggerated
9:08aState National's stock surges 5.7% toward record high in premarket trade after Markel buyout deal
9:07aChipotle's stock climbs 2.3% in premarket trade
9:05aAmazon's stock rallies 0.4% premarket, on track to open at record high
9:02aVera Bradley bedding collection launching with virtual reality demo
9:00a‘Stealth’ Trump factors are lifting stocks, these strategists say
8:57aAkamai Technologies stock price target cut to $57 from $60 at Piper Jaffray
8:56aPulteGroup downgraded to neutral from positive at Susquehanna Financial
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































 Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund (BGH) Portfolio Summary 


































 












Welcome!















Company News
Company Site
Premium
Log In


 



















Membership
Home
Portfolio
Stocks
Bonds
Funds
ETFs
CEF
Markets
Tools
Real Life Finance
Discuss





Investing Ideas


Fund Analyst Picks
Picks by Category
Fund Pick Performance
Picks & Pans E-Newsletter
Fund Spy Column
Fund Spy Book
Bond Squad
Fund Video Reports
FundInvestor Newsletter
ETF Investing
Fund Family Experts



Fund Reports


All Fund Analyst Reports
Fund Stewardship Reports



Fund Ratings


Highest-Rated Value
Highest-Rated Growth
Highest-Rated Large-Cap
Highest-Rated Mid-Cap
Highest-Rated Small-Cap
Foreign Fund Standouts
Star Rating Performance
Rating Methodology



Fund Performance


Top 1-Month Performers
Top YTD Performers
Top 1-Year Performers
Top 3-Year Performers
Top 5-Year Performers
Fund Category Returns
Biggest Daily NAV Changes
Closed-End Funds
Exchange-Traded Funds
Quarterly Market Outlook



Fund Screeners


Basic Screeners
Fund Screener
Long-Term Winners
Solid Small-Growth Funds
Conservative Bond Funds

Premium Screeners
Premium Fund Screener
Index Funds
Hidden Gems
Lower-Risk Foreign Funds


Video Center
 
 

 








Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund
 BGH


Add to PortfolioGet E-mail AlertsPrint This PageData QuestionQuoteChartCEF AnalysisDistributionPerformanceRatings & RiskPortfolioManagement & FeesOwnershipFilingsSummaryHoldingsPremium Details









Benchmark
Morningstar Category






BofAML US HY Master II TR USD





BofAML US HY Master II TR USD



MPT Benchmark


BBgBarc US Agg Bond TR USD





Primary Prospectus Benchmark


N/A





Secondary Prospectus Benchmark


N/A





Analyst Assigned Benchmark


BofAML US HY Master II TR USD







Create Custom Benchmark



Apply









High Yield Bond


High Yield Bond


Allocation--15% to 30% Equity


Allocation--30% to 50% Equity


Allocation--50% to 70% Equity


Allocation--70% to 85% Equity


Allocation--85%+ Equity


Bank Loan


Bear Market


China Region


Commodities Agriculture


Commodities Broad Basket


Commodities Energy


Commodities Industrial Metals


Commodities Precious Metals


Communications


Consumer Cyclical


Consumer Defensive


Convertibles


Corporate Bond


Diversified Emerging Mkts


Diversified Pacific/Asia


Emerging Markets Bond


Emerging-Markets Local-Currency Bond


Energy Limited Partnership


Equity Energy


Equity Precious Metals


Europe Stock


Financial


Foreign Large Blend


Foreign Large Growth


Foreign Large Value


Foreign Small/Mid Blend


Foreign Small/Mid Growth


Foreign Small/Mid Value


Global Real Estate


Health


High Yield Bond


High Yield Muni


India Equity


Industrials


Inflation-Protected Bond


Infrastructure


Intermediate Government


Intermediate-Term Bond


Japan Stock


Large Blend


Large Growth


Large Value


Latin America Stock


Leveraged Net Long


Long Government


Long-Short Credit


Long-Short Equity


Long-Term Bond


Managed Futures


Market Neutral


Mid-Cap Blend


Mid-Cap Growth


Mid-Cap Value


Miscellaneous Region


Miscellaneous Sector


Multialternative


Multicurrency


Multisector Bond


Muni California Intermediate


Muni California Long


Muni Florida


Muni Massachusetts


Muni Minnesota


Muni National Interm


Muni National Long


Muni National Short


Muni New Jersey


Muni New York Intermediate


Muni New York Long


Muni Ohio


Muni Pennsylvania


Muni Single State Interm


Muni Single State Long


Muni Single State Short


Natural Resources


Nontraditional Bond


Option Writing


Pacific/Asia ex-Japan Stk


Preferred Stock


Prime Money Market


Real Estate


Short Government


Short-Term Bond


Single Currency


Small Blend


Small Growth


Small Value


Stable Value


Static Allocation--15% to 30% Equity


Static Allocation--30% to 50% Equity


Static Allocation--50% to 70% Equity


Static Allocation--70% to 85% Equity


Static Allocation--85%+ Equity


Static Intermediate Bond


Static Large Blend


Static Large Growth


Static Large Value


Static Mid-Cap Equity


Static Money Market


Static Non US Equity


Static Short-Term Bond


Static Small-Cap Equity


Static US Government


Tactical Allocation


Target-Date 2000-2010


Target-Date 2015


Target-Date 2020


Target-Date 2025


Target-Date 2030


Target-Date 2035


Target-Date 2040


Target-Date 2045


Target-Date 2050


Target-Date 2055


Target-Date 2060+


Target-Date Retirement


Technology


Trading--Inverse Commodities


Trading--Inverse Debt


Trading--Inverse Equity


Trading--Leveraged Commodities


Trading--Leveraged Debt


Trading--Leveraged Equity


Trading--Miscellaneous


Ultrashort Bond


Utilities


Volatility


World Allocation


World Bond


World Large Stock


World Small/Mid Stock





























Asset Allocation BGH


Asset Distribution


 










 
Type
% Long
% Short
% Net
Bench-mark

                    		Cat Avg
                    		




As of 03/31/2017








Cash
0.00
0.00
0.00
—
4.75






US Stock
0.00
0.00
0.00
—
0.72






Non US Stock
0.00
0.00
0.00
—
0.05






Bond
128.86
0.00
128.86
—
93.06






Other
2.66
31.52
-28.86
—
1.42








 
 


 















Style Details BGH





Fixed-Income Style





 


Fixed-Income Style History







Year
Style
% Bonds




As of 03/31/2017







2017
—
129



2016
—
129



2013
—
100



2012
—
94





 


Bond Statistics






Detail
Value




As of 04/30/2017








                        		Weighted Average Credit Rating
                        		


	                        	B





Average Weighted Coupon
                        		

8





Average Weighted Price
                        	

105








Credit Quality











Type
% Bonds
Benchmark
Category Avg

Bond Weight
Benchmark Weight
Category Avg Weight









AAA
0
—
—










AA
0
—
—






A
0
—
—








BBB
1
—
—








BB
10
—
—








B
68
—
—








Below B
18
—
—








Not Rated
2
—
—








As of 03/31/2017Credit Quality is calculated only using the long position holdings of the portfolio.












Sector Weightings BGH





Fixed-Income Sectors












Type
% Bonds
Benchmark
Category Avg

Fund Weight
Benchmark Weight
Category Avg Weight













Government
1.55
—
2.96








 
 
 
 






Corporate
98.45
—
90.72












Corporate Bond
83.94
—
85.28








Bank Loan
14.52
—
4.56








Convertible
0.00
—
0.71








Preferred
0.00
—
0.16








 
 
 
 






Securitized
0.00
—
1.60












Agency Mortgage-Backed
0.00
—
0.43








Non-Agency Residential MBS
0.00
—
0.30








Commercial MBS
0.00
—
0.42








Asset-Backed
0.00
—
0.44








Covered Bond
0.00
—
0.00








 
 
 
 






Municipal
0.00
—
0.01








 
 
 
 






Cash & Equivalents
0.00
—
4.71








 
 
 
 






Other
0.00
—
0.01








As of 03/31/2017
                     Sector data is calculated only using the rescaled long position holdings of the portfolio.
                    




Coupon Range











Type
% Bonds
Benchmark
Category Avg
 
Fund Weight
Benchmark Weight
Category Avg Weight









0%
0.00
—
2.62











0% to 4%
0.00
—
6.47








4% to 6%
2.37
—
10.50








6% to 8%
42.35
—
59.28








8% to 10%
49.38
—
7.60








10% to 12%
5.54
—
13.47








More than 12%
0.37
—
0.11








As of 03/31/2017Sector data is calculated only using the long position holdings of the portfolio.








Top 10 Country Breakdown
	 BGH
















% Bonds

            	Benchmark
        	

            	Category Avg
            


Fund Weight
            


                Benchmark Weight
            

Category Avg Weight
            














United States
58.52
—
79.46







Luxembourg
14.83
—
4.01







United Kingdom
9.68
—
2.08







Canada
5.85
—
5.07







Bermuda
3.06
—
1.14







France
2.42
—
0.99







Jersey
2.03
—
0.13







Mexico
1.45
—
0.30







Ireland
0.98
—
0.80







Netherlands
0.87
—
2.01







 






As of 03/31/2017Country breakdown data is calculated only using the long rescaled holdings of the portfolio.










Bond Maturity Breakdown
	 BGH
















% Bonds

            	Benchmark
        	

            	Category Avg
            


Fund Weight
            


                Benchmark Weight
            

Category Avg Weight
            














1 to 3 Years
20.20
—
6.74







3 to 5 Years
34.43
—
14.56







5 to 7 Years
30.89
—
52.65







7 to 10 Years
12.64
—
17.73







10 to 15 Years
0.00
—
2.46







15 to 20 Years
0.00
—
0.93







20 to 30 Years
0.00
—
1.24







Over 30 Years
0.00
—
1.17







 






As of 04/30/2017













Bond Duration BGH











 
Unadjusted for Leverage
Leverage Adjusted







Average Weighted Duration

	   				1.43
          

	   				1.90
          





Effective Duration

	   				—
          

	   				—
           




Modified Duration

	   				—
          

	   				—
          












As of 04/30/2017




 








Detail
Value







Average Weighted Maturity

	   				—
          





Effective Maturity

	   				—
          













Bond Call Profile
	
	 BGH
















% Bonds

            	Benchmark
        	

            	Category Avg
            


Fund Weight
            


                Benchmark Weight
            

Category Avg Weight
            














2017
—
—
—







2018
—
—
—







2019
—
—
—







2020
—
—
—







2021
—
—
—







5 Year +
—
—
—







Non-Callable
—
—
—







 






As of date not available



 























	Certain information included herein is derived by Morningstar in part from MSCI’s Index Constituents (the “Index Data”). However, MSCI has not reviewed any information contained herein and does not endorse or express any opinion such information or analysis. Neither MSCI nor any third party involved in or related to the computing or compiling of the Index Data makes any express or implied warranties, representations or guarantees concerning the Index Data or any information or data derived therefrom, and in no event will MSCI or any third party have any liability for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential or any other damages (including lost profits) relating to any use of this information. None of the Index Data is intended to constitute investment advice or a recommendation to make (or refrain from making) any kind of investment decision and may not be relied on as such. All Index Data and any information derived therefrom is for your internal use only and may not be further redistributed or used to create any financial instruments or products or indices.
	


	                      We value your feedback. Let us know what you think.
	                














 


Site Directory
Site Map
Our Products












 



 



 




Corrections
Help
Advertising Opportunities
Licensing Opportunities
Glossary
RSS
Mobile Portfolio
Affiliate
Careers 
 


International Sites:
        	Australia
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
U.K.
Switzerland

 




Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry



Premium Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Premium Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Premium ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Popular Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Popular Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry




Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers.
        © Copyright  Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time. Russell 2000 quote is 10 minutes delayed.
 


 










 


  BGH Quote - Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund   BGH:US   New York        20.15USD   0.06   0.30%     As of 8:04 PM EDT 7/25/2017     Open   20.15    Day Range   20.08 - 20.15    Previous Close   20.09    52Wk Range   17.34 - 20.49    1 Yr Return   20.49%    YTD Return   10.58%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   20.15    Day Range   20.08 - 20.15    Volume   31,802    Previous Close   20.09    52Wk Range   17.34 - 20.49    1 Yr Return   19.77%    YTD Return   10.58%    NAV (on 07/25/2017)   21.39999962    Total Assets (m USD) (on 07/25/2017)   429.267    Inception Date   10/25/2012    Premium/Discount   -5.84%    Average 52-Week Premium   -7.69%    Fund Managers   SCOTT ROTH / SEAN FEELEY    Last Dividend (on 08/21/2017)   0.1534    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   9.14%    Expense Ratio   1.78%    3 Mo Return   3.71%    3 Yr Return   5.24%    5 Yr Return   -                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        BL111212:COR   FIELDWOOD ENERGY LLC    16.41 m 13.70 m 2.40      EK484361:COR   JPRSRC 8 ½ 10/01/22    13.38 k 10.90 m 1.91      JK840979:COR   RGCARE 8 ¼ 05/01/23    10.00 k 10.63 m 1.86      UV343924:COR   KEADGR 7 ⅞ 07/31/23    10.00 k 10.33 m 1.81      EK749199:COR   EXOPAC 7 ⅞ 11/01/19    9.85 k 9.73 m 1.70      EJ100772:COR   JBPOIN 9 04/01/22    8.99 k 9.42 m 1.65      EK724331:COR   CITHOL 10 ¾ 02/15/20    8.58 k 9.21 m 1.61      JK816367:COR   PRSESE 9 ¼ 05/15/23    8.26 k 9.02 m 1.58      EJ906157:COR   TPZMAR 8 ⅝ 11/01/18    8.78 k 8.74 m 1.53      LW430694:COR   DIRCHA 10 06/15/23    7.89 k 8.66 m 1.52           Profile   Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund is a closed-end fund incorporated in the USA. The Fund seeks current income and invests in bonds, loans and other income-producing instruments that are rated below investment grade or unrated.    Address  Babson Capital Management LLC1500 Main StreetSuite 2800Springfield, MA 01115USA   Phone  1-877-766-0014   Website   www.barings.com              

BGH Stock Price - Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Stock Quote (U.S.: NYSE) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search





Bulletin

Dow futures up 100 points






Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











DJIA F

21,658


98


0.45%











S&P F

2,478.75


4.75


0.19%











NASDAQ F

5,950.00


16.25


0.27%











Gold

1,252.70


-5.80


-0.46%











Silver

16.415


-0.127


-0.77%











Crude Oil

48.36


0.47


0.98%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



FCX 
14.7




NEM 
6.9




RRC 
6.9




CAT 
5.9






STX
-16.5




IPG
-13.3




MU
-5.6




WAT
-5.4














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








9:22a

Updated
Ford shares are down 1.7% after Q2 earnings



9:21a

Diana Containerships' stock plummets after plans for second reverse stock split in a month



9:20a

Shares of Verizon Communications are up more than 2%



9:18a

Shares of Dish Network are down 2.6% premarket



9:17a

Updated
Health-care fund managers say a spike in drugs and devices will produce big returns



9:15a

Updated
Dollar steadies as investors await Fed’s policy signals



9:13a

Updated
A money manager fights the social pressure for ‘more house’



9:11a

Treasury yields fall as investors await Fed policy statement



9:10a

Diana Containerships' stock plummets 35% to 30 cents in premarket trade



9:10a

Updated
The ultimate contrarian investment awaits: coal stocks












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


BGH


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
NYSE

 



BGH
U.S.: NYSE


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund

Watchlist 
CreateBGHAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 25, 2017 4:02 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
20.15



0.06
0.30%






Previous Close




$20.0900





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




40.15% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    31.8K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 79.2K
            





Open: 20.15
Close: 20.15



20.0789
Day Low/High
20.1500





Day Range



17.3400
52 Week Low/High
20.4900


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$20.15



Day Range
20.0789 - 20.1500



52 Week Range
17.3400 - 20.4900



Market Cap
n/a



Shares Outstanding
20.06M



Public Float
n/a



Beta
0.30



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
n/a



Yield
9.14%



Dividend
$0.15



Ex-Dividend Date
Aug 21, 2017



Short Interest
22.46K
07/14/17


% of Float Shorted
n/a



Average Volume
79.21K




 


Performance




5 Day


-0.25%







1 Month


3.39%







3 Month


1.36%







YTD


4.78%







1 Year


9.51%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones












Opinion            
Junk bonds, after a tumultuous 2015, are now alluring

Jan. 4, 2016 at 9:59 a.m. ET
by Jeff Reeves













Closed-End Funds on the Cheap


Jan. 10, 2015 at 4:11 a.m. ET
on Barron's









Running Out of Bullets


Oct. 7, 2014 at 4:11 p.m. ET
on Barron's














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






High-Yield Bonds Q2 Update: Still No Bubble Forming
High-Yield Bonds Q2 Update: Still No Bubble Forming

Jul. 12, 2017 at 10:50 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Goldilocks Principle
Goldilocks Principle

Jun. 27, 2017 at 11:49 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Bonds And Related Indicators
Bonds And Related Indicators

Jun. 19, 2017 at 7:49 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Bonds Are An Overvalued Asset Class
Bonds Are An Overvalued Asset Class

Jun. 19, 2017 at 11:44 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





'Eerily Familiar': The Ghost Of Bubbles Past
'Eerily Familiar': The Ghost Of Bubbles Past

Jun. 13, 2017 at 6:12 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Potemkin Village
Potemkin Village

Jun. 13, 2017 at 7:26 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





This Is A Bubble
This Is A Bubble

May. 22, 2017 at 1:37 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Fixed Income Market Views
Fixed Income Market Views

May. 18, 2017 at 6:43 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Reverse Kevin Costner Effect: If You Don't Build It, They Will Still Come
The Reverse Kevin Costner Effect: If You Don't Build It, They Will Still Come

May. 16, 2017 at 11:11 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Bond Basics 3: Should You Wait For Higher Yields?
Bond Basics 3: Should You Wait For Higher Yields?

May. 9, 2017 at 9:44 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Is A Bubble Brewing In Income Assets?


Apr. 25, 2017 at 8:31 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Why Bonds Aren't Overvalued


Apr. 20, 2017 at 11:10 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Debate Over Active Versus Passive Investing In Bonds


Apr. 19, 2017 at 6:44 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Corporate Bonds: Pick Up Yield From These 3 Retailers


Apr. 14, 2017 at 12:48 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





High Yield Spreads Tracking Equity Prices


Apr. 11, 2017 at 12:59 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The World's Most Overrated Trade


Apr. 10, 2017 at 3:01 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Mexican Divorce


Apr. 4, 2017 at 2:15 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Maybe The Recovery Wasn't Real After All


Apr. 2, 2017 at 8:01 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





This Is What A Bursting Bubble Looks Like


Mar. 28, 2017 at 2:50 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Credit Knows


Mar. 23, 2017 at 11:08 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha









Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces July 2017 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share
Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces July 2017 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share

Jul. 10, 2017 at 2:30 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces June 2017 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share
Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces June 2017 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share

Jun. 12, 2017 at 2:31 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund to Host Quarterly Investor Call
Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund to Host Quarterly Investor Call

May. 15, 2017 at 1:38 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces May 2017 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share
Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces May 2017 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share

May. 11, 2017 at 3:30 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces April 2017 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share


Apr. 7, 2017 at 1:52 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces March 2017 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share


Mar. 9, 2017 at 6:35 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces February 2017 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share


Feb. 7, 2017 at 4:23 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces January 2017 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share


Jan. 11, 2017 at 9:03 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces December 2016 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share


Dec. 8, 2016 at 10:36 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces November 2016 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share


Nov. 9, 2016 at 2:32 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund to Host Quarterly Investor Call


Nov. 4, 2016 at 4:18 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces October 2016 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share


Oct. 12, 2016 at 12:03 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Babson Capital Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces September 2016 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share


Sep. 6, 2016 at 5:21 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Babson Capital Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces August 2016 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share


Aug. 8, 2016 at 12:11 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire








  



 
   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





DVAX

-7.04%








AMD

-0.35%








CMG

2.54%








F

-0.18%








X

2.69%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin

Dow futures up 100 points »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




9:23 AM EDT
July 26, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:23aFord shares are down 1.7% after Q2 earnings
9:22aDiana Containerships' stock plummets after plans for second reverse stock split in a month
9:21aShares of Verizon Communications are up more than 2%
9:19aShares of Dish Network are down 2.6% premarket
9:17aHealth-care fund managers say a spike in drugs and devices will produce big returns
9:15aDollar steadies as investors await Fed’s policy signals
9:13aA money manager fights the social pressure for ‘more house’
9:11aTreasury yields fall as investors await Fed policy statement
9:11aDiana Containerships' stock plummets 35% to 30 cents in premarket trade
9:10aThe ultimate contrarian investment awaits: coal stocks
9:10aDiana Containerships to effect 1-for-6 reverse stock split, on or around July 27
9:09aU.S. stock futures advance as market waits for Fed decision, earnings rush
9:09aContrarian investor: Reports of the internal combustion engine’s death are greatly exaggerated
9:08aState National's stock surges 5.7% toward record high in premarket trade after Markel buyout deal
9:07aChipotle's stock climbs 2.3% in premarket trade
9:05aAmazon's stock rallies 0.4% premarket, on track to open at record high
9:02aVera Bradley bedding collection launching with virtual reality demo
9:00a‘Stealth’ Trump factors are lifting stocks, these strategists say
8:57aAkamai Technologies stock price target cut to $57 from $60 at Piper Jaffray
8:56aPulteGroup downgraded to neutral from positive at Susquehanna Financial
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin

Dow futures up 100 points »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




9:23 AM EDT
July 26, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:23aFord shares are down 1.7% after Q2 earnings
9:22aDiana Containerships' stock plummets after plans for second reverse stock split in a month
9:21aShares of Verizon Communications are up more than 2%
9:19aShares of Dish Network are down 2.6% premarket
9:17aHealth-care fund managers say a spike in drugs and devices will produce big returns
9:15aDollar steadies as investors await Fed’s policy signals
9:13aA money manager fights the social pressure for ‘more house’
9:11aTreasury yields fall as investors await Fed policy statement
9:11aDiana Containerships' stock plummets 35% to 30 cents in premarket trade
9:10aThe ultimate contrarian investment awaits: coal stocks
9:10aDiana Containerships to effect 1-for-6 reverse stock split, on or around July 27
9:09aU.S. stock futures advance as market waits for Fed decision, earnings rush
9:09aContrarian investor: Reports of the internal combustion engine’s death are greatly exaggerated
9:08aState National's stock surges 5.7% toward record high in premarket trade after Markel buyout deal
9:07aChipotle's stock climbs 2.3% in premarket trade
9:05aAmazon's stock rallies 0.4% premarket, on track to open at record high
9:02aVera Bradley bedding collection launching with virtual reality demo
9:00a‘Stealth’ Trump factors are lifting stocks, these strategists say
8:57aAkamai Technologies stock price target cut to $57 from $60 at Piper Jaffray
8:56aPulteGroup downgraded to neutral from positive at Susquehanna Financial
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin

Dow futures up 100 points »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




9:23 AM EDT
July 26, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:23aFord shares are down 1.7% after Q2 earnings
9:22aDiana Containerships' stock plummets after plans for second reverse stock split in a month
9:21aShares of Verizon Communications are up more than 2%
9:19aShares of Dish Network are down 2.6% premarket
9:17aHealth-care fund managers say a spike in drugs and devices will produce big returns
9:15aDollar steadies as investors await Fed’s policy signals
9:13aA money manager fights the social pressure for ‘more house’
9:11aTreasury yields fall as investors await Fed policy statement
9:11aDiana Containerships' stock plummets 35% to 30 cents in premarket trade
9:10aThe ultimate contrarian investment awaits: coal stocks
9:10aDiana Containerships to effect 1-for-6 reverse stock split, on or around July 27
9:09aU.S. stock futures advance as market waits for Fed decision, earnings rush
9:09aContrarian investor: Reports of the internal combustion engine’s death are greatly exaggerated
9:08aState National's stock surges 5.7% toward record high in premarket trade after Markel buyout deal
9:07aChipotle's stock climbs 2.3% in premarket trade
9:05aAmazon's stock rallies 0.4% premarket, on track to open at record high
9:02aVera Bradley bedding collection launching with virtual reality demo
9:00a‘Stealth’ Trump factors are lifting stocks, these strategists say
8:57aAkamai Technologies stock price target cut to $57 from $60 at Piper Jaffray
8:56aPulteGroup downgraded to neutral from positive at Susquehanna Financial
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































BGH Stock Price - Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Stock Quote (U.S.: NYSE) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search





Bulletin

Dow futures up 100 points






Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











DJIA F

21,658


98


0.45%











S&P F

2,478.75


4.75


0.19%











NASDAQ F

5,949.75


16.00


0.27%











Gold

1,252.70


-5.80


-0.46%











Silver

16.42


-0.122


-0.74%











Crude Oil

48.36


0.47


0.98%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



FCX 
14.7




NEM 
6.9




RRC 
6.9




CAT 
5.9






STX
-16.5




IPG
-13.3




MU
-5.6




WAT
-5.4














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








9:22a

Updated
Ford shares are down 1.7% after Q2 earnings



9:21a

Diana Containerships' stock plummets after plans for second reverse stock split in a month



9:20a

Shares of Verizon Communications are up more than 2%



9:18a

Shares of Dish Network are down 2.6% premarket



9:17a

Updated
Health-care fund managers say a spike in drugs and devices will produce big returns



9:15a

Updated
Dollar steadies as investors await Fed’s policy signals



9:13a

Updated
A money manager fights the social pressure for ‘more house’



9:11a

Treasury yields fall as investors await Fed policy statement



9:10a

Diana Containerships' stock plummets 35% to 30 cents in premarket trade



9:10a

Updated
The ultimate contrarian investment awaits: coal stocks












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


BGH


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
NYSE

 



BGH
U.S.: NYSE


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund

Watchlist 
CreateBGHAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 25, 2017 4:02 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
20.15



0.06
0.30%






Previous Close




$20.0900





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




40.15% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    31.8K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 79.2K
            





Open: 20.15
Close: 20.15



20.0789
Day Low/High
20.1500





Day Range



17.3400
52 Week Low/High
20.4900


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$20.15



Day Range
20.0789 - 20.1500



52 Week Range
17.3400 - 20.4900



Market Cap
n/a



Shares Outstanding
20.06M



Public Float
n/a



Beta
0.30



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
n/a



Yield
9.14%



Dividend
$0.15



Ex-Dividend Date
Aug 21, 2017



Short Interest
22.46K
07/14/17


% of Float Shorted
n/a



Average Volume
79.21K




 


Performance




5 Day


-0.25%







1 Month


3.39%







3 Month


1.36%







YTD


4.78%







1 Year


9.51%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones












Opinion            
Junk bonds, after a tumultuous 2015, are now alluring

Jan. 4, 2016 at 9:59 a.m. ET
by Jeff Reeves













Closed-End Funds on the Cheap


Jan. 10, 2015 at 4:11 a.m. ET
on Barron's









Running Out of Bullets


Oct. 7, 2014 at 4:11 p.m. ET
on Barron's














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






High-Yield Bonds Q2 Update: Still No Bubble Forming
High-Yield Bonds Q2 Update: Still No Bubble Forming

Jul. 12, 2017 at 10:50 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Goldilocks Principle
Goldilocks Principle

Jun. 27, 2017 at 11:49 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Bonds And Related Indicators
Bonds And Related Indicators

Jun. 19, 2017 at 7:49 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Bonds Are An Overvalued Asset Class
Bonds Are An Overvalued Asset Class

Jun. 19, 2017 at 11:44 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





'Eerily Familiar': The Ghost Of Bubbles Past
'Eerily Familiar': The Ghost Of Bubbles Past

Jun. 13, 2017 at 6:12 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Potemkin Village
Potemkin Village

Jun. 13, 2017 at 7:26 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





This Is A Bubble
This Is A Bubble

May. 22, 2017 at 1:37 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Fixed Income Market Views
Fixed Income Market Views

May. 18, 2017 at 6:43 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Reverse Kevin Costner Effect: If You Don't Build It, They Will Still Come
The Reverse Kevin Costner Effect: If You Don't Build It, They Will Still Come

May. 16, 2017 at 11:11 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Bond Basics 3: Should You Wait For Higher Yields?
Bond Basics 3: Should You Wait For Higher Yields?

May. 9, 2017 at 9:44 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Is A Bubble Brewing In Income Assets?


Apr. 25, 2017 at 8:31 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Why Bonds Aren't Overvalued


Apr. 20, 2017 at 11:10 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Debate Over Active Versus Passive Investing In Bonds


Apr. 19, 2017 at 6:44 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Corporate Bonds: Pick Up Yield From These 3 Retailers


Apr. 14, 2017 at 12:48 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





High Yield Spreads Tracking Equity Prices


Apr. 11, 2017 at 12:59 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The World's Most Overrated Trade


Apr. 10, 2017 at 3:01 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Mexican Divorce


Apr. 4, 2017 at 2:15 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Maybe The Recovery Wasn't Real After All


Apr. 2, 2017 at 8:01 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





This Is What A Bursting Bubble Looks Like


Mar. 28, 2017 at 2:50 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Credit Knows


Mar. 23, 2017 at 11:08 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha









Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces July 2017 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share
Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces July 2017 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share

Jul. 10, 2017 at 2:30 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces June 2017 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share
Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces June 2017 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share

Jun. 12, 2017 at 2:31 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund to Host Quarterly Investor Call
Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund to Host Quarterly Investor Call

May. 15, 2017 at 1:38 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces May 2017 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share
Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces May 2017 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share

May. 11, 2017 at 3:30 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces April 2017 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share


Apr. 7, 2017 at 1:52 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces March 2017 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share


Mar. 9, 2017 at 6:35 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces February 2017 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share


Feb. 7, 2017 at 4:23 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces January 2017 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share


Jan. 11, 2017 at 9:03 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces December 2016 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share


Dec. 8, 2016 at 10:36 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces November 2016 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share


Nov. 9, 2016 at 2:32 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund to Host Quarterly Investor Call


Nov. 4, 2016 at 4:18 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces October 2016 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share


Oct. 12, 2016 at 12:03 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Babson Capital Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces September 2016 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share


Sep. 6, 2016 at 5:21 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Babson Capital Global Short Duration High Yield Fund Announces August 2016 Monthly Distribution of $0.1534 per Share


Aug. 8, 2016 at 12:11 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire








  



 
   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





DVAX

-7.04%








AMD

-0.35%








CMG

2.54%








F

-0.18%








X

2.69%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.












 Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund (BGH) Top Portfolio Holdings 





























Welcome!















Company News
Company Site
Premium
Log In


 



















Membership
Home
Portfolio
Stocks
Bonds
Funds
ETFs
CEF
Markets
Tools
Real Life Finance
Discuss





Investing Ideas


Fund Analyst Picks
Picks by Category
Fund Pick Performance
Picks & Pans E-Newsletter
Fund Spy Column
Fund Spy Book
Bond Squad
Fund Video Reports
FundInvestor Newsletter
ETF Investing
Fund Family Experts



Fund Reports


All Fund Analyst Reports
Fund Stewardship Reports



Fund Ratings


Highest-Rated Value
Highest-Rated Growth
Highest-Rated Large-Cap
Highest-Rated Mid-Cap
Highest-Rated Small-Cap
Foreign Fund Standouts
Star Rating Performance
Rating Methodology



Fund Performance


Top 1-Month Performers
Top YTD Performers
Top 1-Year Performers
Top 3-Year Performers
Top 5-Year Performers
Fund Category Returns
Biggest Daily NAV Changes
Closed-End Funds
Exchange-Traded Funds
Quarterly Market Outlook



Fund Screeners


Basic Screeners
Fund Screener
Long-Term Winners
Solid Small-Growth Funds
Conservative Bond Funds

Premium Screeners
Premium Fund Screener
Index Funds
Hidden Gems
Lower-Risk Foreign Funds


Video Center
 
 

 








Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund
 BGH


Add to PortfolioGet E-mail AlertsPrint This PageData QuestionQuoteChartCEF AnalysisDistributionPerformanceRatings & RiskPortfolioManagement & FeesOwnershipFilingsSummaryHoldingsPremium Details














                            	Annual Turnover
                            		

Category Avg Turnover
Assets in Top 10 Holdings





45%
49%
23.88%





Stock Holdings(Long)
Stock Holdings(Short)
Bond Holdings(Long)
Bond Holdings(Short)
Other Holdings(Long)
Other Holdings(Short)

 0
0
129
0
19
1




 See and export the Top 100 Holdings and additional Return Periods







		    	  We value your feedback. Let us know what you think.
		    














 


Site Directory
Site Map
Our Products












 



 



 




Corrections
Help
Advertising Opportunities
Licensing Opportunities
Glossary
RSS
Mobile Portfolio
Affiliate
Careers 
 


International Sites:
        	Australia
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
U.K.
Switzerland

 




Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry



Premium Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Premium Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Premium ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Popular Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Popular Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry




Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers.
        © Copyright  Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time. Russell 2000 quote is 10 minutes delayed.
 


 














 






  XBGHX Quote - Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund   XBGHX:US   NASDAQ GM        21.40USD   0.01   0.05%     As of 9:29 AM EDT 7/25/2017     Fund Type   Closed-End Fund    52Wk Range   19.78 - 21.66    1 Yr Return   17.66%    YTD Return   7.82%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Previous Close   21.39    52Wk Range   19.78 - 21.66    1 Yr Return   17.55%    YTD Return   7.82%    Fund Type   Closed-End Fund    Objective   High Yield Bond    Asset Class Focus   Fixed Income    Geographic Focus   Global    NAV (on 07/25/2017)   21.4    Total Assets (m USD) (on 07/25/2017)   429.267    Inception Date   -    Last Dividend (on 08/21/2017)   0.1534    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   8.60%    Fund Managers   SCOTT ROTH / SEAN FEELEY    Front Load Fee   -    Back Load Fee   -    Redemption Fee   -    12b-1 Fee   -    Current Mgmt Fee   -    Expense Ratio   -                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        BL111212:COR   FIELDWOOD ENERGY LLC    16.41 m 13.70 m 2.40      EK484361:COR   JPRSRC 8 ½ 10/01/22    13.38 k 10.90 m 1.91      JK840979:COR   RGCARE 8 ¼ 05/01/23    10.00 k 10.63 m 1.86      UV343924:COR   KEADGR 7 ⅞ 07/31/23    10.00 k 10.33 m 1.81      EK749199:COR   EXOPAC 7 ⅞ 11/01/19    9.85 k 9.73 m 1.70      EJ100772:COR   JBPOIN 9 04/01/22    8.99 k 9.42 m 1.65      EK724331:COR   CITHOL 10 ¾ 02/15/20    8.58 k 9.21 m 1.61      JK816367:COR   PRSESE 9 ¼ 05/15/23    8.26 k 9.02 m 1.58      EJ906157:COR   TPZMAR 8 ⅝ 11/01/18    8.78 k 8.74 m 1.53      LW430694:COR   DIRCHA 10 06/15/23    7.89 k 8.66 m 1.52           Profile   Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund is a closed-end fund incorporated in the USA. The Fund seeks current income and invests in bonds, loans and other income-producing instruments that are rated below investment grade or unrated.    Address  Babson Capital Management LLC1500 Main StreetSuite 2800Springfield, MA 01115USA   Phone  1-877-766-0014   Website   www.barings.com              


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft





















JPMorgan High Yield Fund - A - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar



JPMorgan High Yield Fund(OHYAX)A CIR2R5R6  Compare Funds 

Hypothetical Tool 




OverviewKey PointsPerformanceCommentaryFees & MinimumsPortfolioManagementDocuments 



	As of April 3, 2017, this fund's Select share class has been renamed to I. Please see the prospectus for more details.
 








	JPMORGAN HIGH YIELD FUND

Income potential with high yield.

Driven by macro insights and bottom-up fundamental credit research, the High Yield Fund aims to deliver greater income and return potential than core bond holdings, with lower risk than stocks.
Commentary  











Overview widget loading ...







Key Points

Expertise


		Experienced management team has worked together through multiple market cycles over 28 years, including three recessions.

Portfolio


		Combines bottom-up analysis with top-down insight to actively manage credit profile against market risk.

Success


		Consistently delivered lower volatility vs. its benchmark over the long term.

		Top-quartile performance 89% of the time vs. Morningstar High Yield Category over rolling 10-year periods.1





	ROLLING 10-YEAR PERCENTILE RETURN RANKING


 



1For I Shares; High-yield bond category; Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield-2% Issuer Capped Index. Rolling 10-year periods since fund inception (11/13/1998), as of 3/31/17. Ranked as follows: 1-yr. (332/697), 3-yrs. (229/596), 5-yrs. (191/471) and 10-yrs. (78/318).

Chart source: Morningstar; as of 3/31/17. Shown for illustrative purposes only; calculated using monthly returns since 12/1/08 – 3/31/17. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.





Performance
Performance widget loading ...



Commentary

As of June 30, 2017 

	Quarter in review


		The JPMorgan High Yield Fund (I Class Shares) underperformed the benchmark, the Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield - 2% Issuer Capped Index, for the quarter ended June 30, 2017.

		The Fund’s security selection within energy has hurt performance. We have consciously chosen to be overweight in a select few higher-volatility names that have traded off amid the recent moves in oil. We see these names as capable of surviving in a lower-for-longer oil environment despite their sensitivity to short-term oil price moves.

		BB-rated credit outperformed, reversing the trend of higher quality underperforming the market seen in 2016 and the first quarter. Our underweight positioning in higher-quality credit hurt performance.

		The Fund’s security selection in the industrial other, avoiding an issuer that went bankrupt, was positive for performance.

		Also adding to performance were market-beating returns in several pharmaceutical names we had viewed as undervalued.


	Looking ahead


		High-yield bonds have been on a remarkable run over the past 16 months, providing investors more than 2.5 times coupon returns over the bull market, driven by the global search for yield, stable economic and credit fundamentals, and increasingly positive views on commodities sectors.

		Volatility in individual sectors (energy and retail) will likely present opportunities to position opportunistically, and we see high yield as an extended sector that can continue to provide diversification and yield to a variety of portfolios.






Fees and Minimums
Fees widget loading ...


Portfolio
Portfolio widget loading ...							
							


Management
Fund Managers 












 William J.  Morgan Portfolio Manager







 James P.  Shanahan JrPortfolio Manager

Load More 



Documents 
Fund Literature

 

Fact Sheet: High Yield (A)




Fund Story: High Yield Fund


Presentation: High Yield Fund






Load More 


 
Supplemental Information

 

Leveraged Credit Mutual Fund Commentary 6/30/2017




Uncertified Portfolio Holdings - High Yield Fund


Product Guide



Supplemental Data Sheet - High Yield Fund


Building stronger fixed income portfolios



Sales Charge / Dealer Concession Schedule




2016 JPMorgan Funds Capital Gains Distribution




Quarterly Certified Holdings - JPMorgan High Yield Fund




Additional Information







Load More 



 
Regulatory Documents

 

Summary Prospectus




Prospectus




Annual Report




Semi Annual Report




Statement of Additional Information







Load More 





Disclaimer1Please refer to the prospectus for additional information about cut-off times. Total return assumes reinvestment of income. The Fund's adviser and/or its affiliates have contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses to the extent Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses (excluding acquired fund fees and expenses, dividend and interest expenses related to short sales, interest, taxes, expenses related to litigation and potential litigation and extraordinary expenses) exceed 1.00% for A Shares, 1.50% for C Shares, 0.75% for I Shares, 1.35% for R2 Shares, 0.70% for R5 Shares and 0.60% for R6 Shares of the average daily net assets. The Fund may invest in one or more money market funds advised by the adviser or its affiliates (affiliated money market funds). The Fund's adviser has contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses in an amount sufficient to offset the fees and expenses of the affiliated money market funds incurred by the Fund because of the Fund's investment in such money market funds. This waiver is in effect through 10/31/2018 for A Shares, 10/31/2018 for C Shares, 10/31/2018 for I Shares, 10/31/2018 for R2 Shares, 10/31/2018 for R5 Shares and 10/31/2018 for R6 Shares, at which time the adviser and/or its affiliates will determine whether to renew or revise it. The difference between net and gross fees includes all applicable fee waivers and expense reimbursements. The quoted performance of the Fund includes performance of a predecessor fund/share class prior to the Fund's commencement of operations. Please refer to the current prospectus for further information.  Mutual funds have fees that reduce their performance: indexes do not. You cannot invest directly in an index. The Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield - 2% Issuer Capped Index is comprised of fixed rate, non-investment grade debt securities that are dollar denominated and non-convertible. The index limits the maximum exposure to any one issuer to 2%. The performance of the Lipper High Yield Bond Index includes expenses associated with a mutual fund, such as investment management fees. These expenses are not identical to the expenses charged by the Fund. Total return figures (for the fund and any index quoted) assume payment of fees and reinvestment of dividends (after the highest applicable foreign withholding tax) and distributions. Without fee waivers, fund returns would have been lower. Due to rounding, some values may not total 100%. Â©2017, American Bankers Association, CUSIP Database provided by the Standard & Poor's CUSIP Service Bureau, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. All rights reserved.The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10- year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods.Rankings do not take sales loads into account.The following risks could cause the fund to lose money or perform more poorly than other investments. For more complete risk information, see the prospectus. Investments in bonds and other debt securities will change in value based on changes in interest rates. If rates rise, the value of these investments generally drops. Securities rated below investment grade are considered "high-yield," "non-investment grade," "below investment-grade," or "junk bonds." They generally are rated in the fifth or lower rating categories of Standard & Poor's and Moody's Investors Service. Although they can provide higher yields than higher rated securities, they can carry greater risk. Investments in derivatives may be riskier than other types of investments. They may be more sensitive to changes in economic or market conditions than other types of investments. Many derivatives create leverage, which could lead to greater volatility and losses that significantly exceed the original investment.Total return assumes reinvestment of income. The top 10 holdings listed reflect only the Fund's long-term investments. Short-term investments are excluded. Holdings are subject to change. The holdings listed should not be considered recommendations to purchase or sell a particular security. Each individual security is calculated as a percentage of the aggregate market value of the securities held in the Fund and does not include the use of derivative positions, where applicable. The rate of return anticipated on a bond if it is held until the maturity date.  Duration: Measures price sensitivity of fixed income securities to interest rate changes. Average Life: The length of time the principal of a debt issue is expected to be outstanding.
















Fixed Income - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Fixed Income
			




Build stronger fixed income portfolios

	We have built and innovated our fixed income capabilities with just one aim: build stronger portfolios to solve our clients’ needs. Today we are one of the top fixed income managers in the world.
Download the framework


Diverse perspectives, integrated solutions 

Research Driven
Access the power of a globally integrated team of investment professionals and our proprietary research, encompassing fundamental, quantitative and technical analysis.


Actionable Insights
Benefit from actionable insights designed to help you invest with conviction, from our regular macro and market views, to our fixed income portfolio construction tools.
 

Outcome Oriented
Choose from a wide variety of outcome-oriented solutions designed to address all your fixed income needs.


Demonstrated Results
Tap into the proven success of one of the world’s largest fixed income managers, with broad experience gained across regions and market cycles.



Featured Fixed Income Funds


 


“Rather than try to outguess the market, investors should seek to craft an all-weather bond portfolio, one that delivers the benefits of fixed income in a variety of scenarios.”
PRISCILLA HANCOCK, GLOBAL FIXED INCOME STRATEGIST 






BUILDING STRONGER FIXED INCOME PORTFOLIOS


Download the framework >






Fixed income funds
                         


View All Taxable Fixed Income Funds   
View All Tax Exempt Fixed Income Funds  




Other Asset Classes
                         


Equity Funds  
Multi-Asset Solutions  
Alternatives Funds  
Money Market Funds  






Investments in bonds and other debt securities will change in value based on changes in interest rates. If rates rise, the value of these investments generally drops.
 
Diversification does not guarantee investment returns and does not eliminate the risk of loss. Diversification among investment options and asset classes may help to reduce overall volatility.


















Products - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Products
			
Email ThisPrint


Investment Strategies

Providing clients with strategies and expertise that span the full spectrum of asset classes
                         


	As a global leader in asset management with assets under management of $1.7 trillion*, J.P. Morgan Asset Management provides more than 220 investment strategies spanning all major asset classes, investment styles and geographic regions.

	Investing with J.P. Morgan:


		a large global organization made up of small local teams

		a research-driven information advantage

		an unrelenting focus on risk management


* As of December 2015









Featured Funds
                         


Equity  
Fixed Income   
Multi-Asset Solutions   
Alternatives  
SmartRetirement Target Date Funds   
Exchange Traded Funds  
Money Market Funds  






		 





Product Spotlight


U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity


Fixed Income


Multi-Asset Solutions


Alternatives


ETFs


Money Market



U.S. Equity




U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity


Fixed Income


Multi-Asset Solutions


Alternatives


ETFs


Money Market























Insights

					Market Insights

					Portfolio Insights

					Retirement Insights
















Guide to the Markets - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Guide to the Markets
			



Guide to the Markets
                         


	The Guide illustrates a comprehensive array of market and economic histories, trends and statistics through clear, compelling charts and graphs you can share with your clients.


LAUNCH THE VIEWER


Download the 3Q 2017 Guide to the Markets






Economic & Market Update
Watch Dr. David Kelly’s quarterly presentation using slides from the Guide to the Markets.Continue reading  


On the Bench
Need more Guide to the Markets? Access an additional collection of Guide to the Markets slides, updated on a quarterly basis.Continue reading  


Investing Principles
The Principles for successful long-term investing presentation uses select slides from the Guide to the Markets to explain seven key investment principles that financial professionals can use with their clients. Continue reading  


 Introducing the Guide to the Markets for the third quarter of 2017July 3, 2017Dr. David Kelly, Chief Global Strategist, J.P. Morgan Funds, previews this quarter's themes and invites you to subscribe to the Guide to the Markets. 


 

Quarterly Perspectives





                            Often referred to as the 'guide to the Guide', Quarterly Perspectives provides insightful stories and quarterly themes using slides from the Guide to the Markets. 
                            
View Quarterly Perspectives



Portfolio Discussions





                            Focusing on different asset classes or regions, Portfolio Discussions help to frame investment conversations using slides from Guide to the Markets. 
                            

View Portfolio Discussions





Insights

					Market Insights

					Portfolio Insights

					Retirement Insights


The J. P. Morgan Insights app 

A new way for financial advisors to access and customize J.P. Morgan intellectual capital
                         

                            Get the Insights app:
                            


           
              



Learn more about the Insights App











Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Diversification does not guarantee investment returns and does not eliminate the risk of loss.
Bonds are subject to interest rate risks. Bond prices generally fall when interest rates rise.
The price of equity securities may rise or fall because of changes in the broad market or changes in a company's financial condition, sometimes rapidly or unpredictably. Equity securities are subject to "stock market risk" meaning that stock prices in general may decline over short or extended periods of time.
International investing involves a greater degree of risk and increased volatility. Changes in currency exchange rates and differences in accounting and taxation policies outside the U.S. can raise or lower returns. Also, some overseas markets may not be as politically and economically stable as the United States and other nations. Investments in emerging markets can be more volatile.
Real estate investments may be subject to a higher degree of market risk because of concentration in a specific industry, sector or geographical sector. Real estate investments may be subject to risks including, but not limited to, declines in the value of real estate, risks related to general and economic conditions, changes in the value of the underlying property owned by the trust and defaults by borrower.
Investments in commodities may have greater volatility than investments in traditional securities, particularly if the instruments involve leverage. The value of commodity-linked derivative instruments may be affected by changes in overall market movements, commodity index volatility, changes in interest rates, or factors affecting a particular industry or commodity, such as drought, floods, weather, livestock disease, embargoes, tariffs and international economic, political and regulatory developments. Use of leveraged commodity-linked derivatives creates an opportunity for increased return but, at the same time, creates the possibility for greater loss. 
Derivatives may be riskier than other types of investments because they may be more sensitive to changes in economic or market conditions than other types of investments and could result in losses that significantly exceed the original investment. The use of derivatives may not be successful, resulting in investment losses, and the cost of such strategies may reduce investment returns.
There is no guarantee that the use of long and short positions will succeed in limiting an investor's exposure to domestic stock market movements, capitalization, sector swings or other risk factors. Investing using long and short selling strategies may have higher portfolio turnover rates. Short selling involves certain risks, including additional costs associated with covering short positions and a possibility of unlimited loss on certain short sale positions.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates do not provide tax advice. Accordingly, any discussion of U.S. tax matters contained herein (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, in connection with the promotion, marketing or recommendation by anyone unaffiliated with JPMorgan Chase & Co. of any of the matters addressed herein or for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tax-related penalties. 











































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price U.S. High Yield Fund (TUHYX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
				U.S. High Yield Fund**








Print this page
Email this page
Text size






Ticker Symbol:


			
				TUHYX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/25/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$10.22
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.00
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/25/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								N/A
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$10.09
							
							-
							
								$10.23
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$56.87

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


10 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						




				Morningstar rated the U.S. High Yield Fund among 
590,
590,
N/A
and 
N/A
High Yield Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks total return, and secondarily, current income.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/25/2017)
								
							



						
						
							5.63%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							5.30%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							4.67%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3
, 4


 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					14.08%
				
			

				
					14.08%
				
			


3 Years

				
					5.13%
				
			

				
					5.13%
				
			


5 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


10 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 6.80%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							6.80%
						
						





Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						1.27%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.79%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						Contractual
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
					
						
							September 30, 2019
						
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			


2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3 The Fund commenced operations on May 19, 2017.Performance prior to that date reflects the performance of the Class A of the Predecessor Fund.
Predecessor Fund performance reflects its actual operating expense at the time and was not adjusted to reflect the impact of the Fund's current fees.
Since inception returns are shown from the inception date of the Predecessor Fund, April 30, 2013.  
			

4 
					 
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				


				The U.S. High Yield Fund charges a 2% 
redemption fee on shares held 90 days or less. 
The performance information shown does not reflect the deduction of the redemption fee; 
if it did, the performance would be lower.
			

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	







** The T. Rowe Price US High Yield Fund (�Fund�) commenced operations on May 19, 2017.  At that time, the Fund received all of the assets and liabilities of the Henderson 
High Yield Opportunities Fund (the �Predecessor Fund�) and adopted its performance and accounting history.  
The Fund and the Predecessor Fund have substantially similar investment objectives and strategies.  
The Predecessor Fund was managed by the same portfolio manager as the Fund.




















Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund





















404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                












Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari















Templeton Foreign Fund - TFFAX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Templeton Foreign Fund - TFFAX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email






















TFFAX





Templeton Foreign Fund





            Share Class
         Advisor 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




























            PRICE AND YTD RETURN
        As of 07/25/2017









            NAV
        

up $0.02


$7.84




            POP


$7.84




            YTD Total return at Nav
        

13.95%












            AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURNS
        

As of 
            Quarter end
         06/30/2017



            Sales Charge
        



            On
        


            Off
        






            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        











            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        






            1 YEAR RETURN
        

24.13%




            5 YEAR RETURN
        

9.43%





            10 YEAR RETURN
        

2.65%















            KEY STATS
        


            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        







            Investment Category
        


Value





            Distributions
        

Annually




            CUSIP
        

880   196   506




            Fund Number
        

604




            Inception Date
        


Oct 05, 1982




            Total Net Assets
        
            (all share classes)
         As of 06/30/2017



$7,351.7  (M)
        










            Distribution Rate at NAV
        


            N/A
        









            30-Day Standardized yield
        


            N/A
        












            SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES, & FEES
         As of 01/01/2017 
            (updated annually)
        








            Gross Expense Ratio
        

0.97%




            Net Expense Ratio
        

0.97%




            Max Initial Sales Charge
        

0.00%




            CDSC
        

0.00%




            12b-1 Fee
        

0.00%














            Fund Description
        




The fund seeks long-term capital growth by investing at least 80% of its net assets in foreign securities, that are predominantly equity securities of companies located outside of the U.S., including developing markets.



            Strategy Statement
        








"Templeton Foreign Fund has a bottom-up, long-term investment strategy that goes to great lengths in search of undervalued stocks outside of the United States."                                            
                                            












Management







Tucker Scott, CFA®, MBA

Joined Franklin Templeton in 1996
Managed Fund Since 2007










Norman Boersma, CFA®, MBA

Joined Franklin Templeton in 1991
Managed Fund Since 2011










James Harper, CFA®

Joined Franklin Templeton in 2007
Managed Fund Since 2010










Heather Arnold, CFA®, MBA

Joined Franklin Templeton in 1997
Managed Fund Since 2014











            Rating
        







            Overall Morningstar Rating
        

As of 06/30/2017








            Rating Category:
         Foreign Large Value




The fund's overall Morningstar Rating measures risk-adjusted returns and is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its 3-, 5- and 10-year (if applicable) rating metrics.





            Historical Morningstar Rating
         As of 06/30/2017





            Years
        

            Ratings
        

            Fundsin category
        




3



3 
            Stars
        





268


5



4 
            Stars
        






218


10



5 
            Stars
        







133








            Morningstar Style Box
        
As of03/31/2017



            Table Legend
        



            Current
        


            Historical
        






            Historical Style
        


            Current Style
        





            Large
        

            Size
        






            Medium
        






            Small
        



            Value
        

            Blend
        

            Growth
        




            Style
        









            Strategy, Benefits, Results
        



            Strategy
        Our strategy is built upon the following Templeton cornerstones, which have been in place for more than 70 years.

Search Globally. We believe bargains have no borders when searching for the best investment opportunities.
Seek Value. We search worldwide for stocks selling at prices we believe are low relative to their true value.
Perform Fundamental, Bottom-Up Research. We conduct in-person visits and perform extensive fundamental research to model a company's potential future earnings, cash flow and asset value relative to its stock price.
Practice Patient, Long-Term Investing. We evaluate a company's potential for earnings and growth over a five-year horizon.



            Benefits
        
Diversification. By investing primarily in international securities, Templeton Foreign Fund can offer diversification to complement the U.S. portion of your portfolio.
Reduced Volatility. Templeton Foreign Fund has historically experienced less volatility than its benchmark, the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index.
Low Average Turnover Ratio. Our long-term investing approach has historically resulted in a lower than average portfolio turnover ratio.








            Results
        






Hypothetical $10K Investment



















            Investing In The Fund
        

What Are the Risks?

All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal.
Special risks are associated with foreign investing, including currency fluctuations, economic instability and political developments; investments in developing markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors.
Currency rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time, and can reduce returns. Because the Fund may invest its assets in companies in a specific region, including Europe, it is subject to greater risks of adverse developments in that region and/or the surrounding regions than a fund that is more broadly diversified geographically.
Current political and financial uncertainty surrounding the European Union may increase market volatility and the economic risk of investing in companies in Europe.
Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio which may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses (as well as enable gains) on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment. The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits, and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised.
The fund’s risk considerations are discussed in the prospectus.





            Minimum Investment
        

            See Prospectus
        



How Financial Advisors Help You
Speak to your advisor about whether this fund is appropriate for you.
Learn more from FINRA about How to Find and Work with an Investment Professional.







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees. The fund offers multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Please see the prospectus for details. Change the share class selection in the dropdown at the top of this page in order to see its performance details.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. Special risks are associated with foreign investing, including currency fluctuations, economic instability and political developments; investments in developing markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors. Currency rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time, and can reduce returns. Because the Fund may invest its assets in companies in a specific region, including Europe, it is subject to greater risks of adverse developments in that region and/or the surrounding regions than a fund that is more broadly diversified geographically. Current political and financial uncertainty surrounding the European Union may increase market volatility and the economic risk of investing in companies in Europe. Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio which may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses (as well as enable gains) on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment. The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits, and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised. The fund's risk considerations are discussed in the prospectus.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. The style box reveals a fund's investment style. The vertical axis shows the market capitalization of the stocks owned and the horizontal axis shows investment style (value, blend, or growth). Placement is determined by fund portfolio holding figures most recently entered into Morningstar's database and corresponding market conditions. Shaded areas show the past 3 years of quarterly data. Past performance does not guarantee future results.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Effective 1/2/97, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        












 





Templeton Foreign Fund - TFFAX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Templeton Foreign Fund - TFFAX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email






















TFFAX





Templeton Foreign Fund





            Share Class
         Advisor 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




















Performance


Average Annual Total Returns


Calendar Year Returns


Cumulative Total Returns


After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns











Average Annual Total Returns




                    [further-information]
                







Close



Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017








CLOSE ×

                                        Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.










Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures











Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 10/05/1982






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
24.13
-0.19
9.43
2.65
10.54



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
24.13
-0.19
9.43
2.65
10.54




MSCI All Country World ex-US Index (%)
21.00
1.27
7.70
1.59
—




MSCI EAFE Index (%)
—
—
—
—
9.86













Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 10/05/1982






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
24.13
-0.19
9.43
2.65
10.54



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
24.13
-0.19
9.43
2.65
10.54



MSCI All Country World ex-US Index (%)
21.00
1.27
7.70
1.59
—



MSCI EAFE Index (%)
—
—
—
—
9.84
















Calendar Year Returns





Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
11.99
-6.93
-10.55
27.32
18.89
-12.57
8.87
50.18
-45.98
17.56



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
11.99
-6.93
-10.55
27.32
18.89
-12.57
8.87
50.18
-45.98
17.56



<nobr>MSCI All Country World ex-US Index</nobr> (%)
5.01
-5.25
-3.44
15.78
17.39
-13.33
11.60
42.14
-45.24
17.12















Cumulative Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 10/05/1982





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
11.19
24.13
-0.58
56.92
29.84
3,150.19


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
11.19
24.13
-0.58
56.92
29.84
3,150.19



MSCI EAFE Index (%)
—
—
—
—
—
2,267.73



MSCI All Country World ex-US Index (%)
14.45
21.00
3.85
44.93
17.07
—












Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 10/05/1982





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
11.19
24.13
-0.58
56.92
29.84
3,150.19


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
11.19
24.13
-0.58
56.92
29.84
3,150.19



MSCI All Country World ex-US Index (%)
14.45
21.00
3.85
44.93
17.07
—



MSCI EAFE Index (%)
—
—
—
—
—
2,216.82











HYPOTHETICAL $10K INVESTMENT














After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. "Before Shares Sold" figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. "After Shares Sold" figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. &#34;Before Shares Sold&#34; figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. &#34;After Shares Sold&#34; figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures












Month EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
23.59
-0.86
8.69
1.45


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
14.19
-0.09
7.56
2.29


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
23.59
-0.86
8.69
1.45


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
14.19
-0.09
7.56
2.29

















Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
23.59
-0.86
8.69
1.45


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
14.19
-0.09
7.56
2.29


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
23.59
-0.86
8.69
1.45


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
14.19
-0.09
7.56
2.29















SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES & FEES As of  01/01/2017 (updated annually)




Gross Expense Ratio

0.97%



Net Expense Ratio

0.97%



Max Initial Sales Charge

0.00%



CDSC

0.00%






Volatility Measures


                    [further-information]
                







Close



Alpha The difference between a fund's actual returns versus its expected performance, given its level of market risk as measured by beta. A positive alpha indicates the fund performed better than its beta would predict while a negative alpha indicates the fund's under performance based on the expectations indicated by the fund's beta.  Beta A measure of a fund's volatility in relation to the stock market, as measured by a stated index. By definition, the beta of the stated index is 1; a fund with a higher beta has been more volatile than the index, and a fund with a lower beta has been less volatile than the index.  Sharpe Ratio The Sharpe ratio, developed by Nobel Prize winner William Sharpe, provides a measure of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. A higher number indicates better historical risk-adjusted performance.  CorrelationThe linear relationship between two return series. Correlation shows the strength of the relationship between two return series. The higher the relationship, the more similar the returns.  R-Squared This number indicates what percentage of a fund's performance fluctuation can be explained by movements in the benchmark index. R-squared (correlation) ranges from 0 to 100. An R-squared of 100 would mean that the fund is tracking its benchmark exactly. A low R-squared indicates that very few of the fund's movements are explained by movements of its benchmark. R-squared can help determine the significance of the fund's beta. A higher R-squared generally indicates a more useful beta. Lower R-squared means the fund's beta is less relevant to its performance.  Standard Deviation This figure provides a statistical measure of the range of a fund's returns. A high standard deviation indicates a wide range of returns and thus greater volatility.



As of  06/30/2017 Updated Monthly, based on a 3-year period







CLOSE ×

                                
                    [further-information-text]
                







Beta


1.07



Sharpe Ratio


-0.03



Standard Deviation


13.79






Benchmarks

A benchmark is a comparable broad-based index that can be used to evaluate a fund's performance.


MSCI All Country World ex-US Index


MSCI EAFE Index







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees. The fund offers multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Please see the prospectus for details. Change the share class selection in the dropdown at the top of this page in order to see its performance details.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. Special risks are associated with foreign investing, including currency fluctuations, economic instability and political developments; investments in developing markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors. Currency rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time, and can reduce returns. Because the Fund may invest its assets in companies in a specific region, including Europe, it is subject to greater risks of adverse developments in that region and/or the surrounding regions than a fund that is more broadly diversified geographically. Current political and financial uncertainty surrounding the European Union may increase market volatility and the economic risk of investing in companies in Europe. Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio which may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses (as well as enable gains) on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment. The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits, and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised. The fund's risk considerations are discussed in the prospectus.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. The style box reveals a fund's investment style. The vertical axis shows the market capitalization of the stocks owned and the horizontal axis shows investment style (value, blend, or growth). Placement is determined by fund portfolio holding figures most recently entered into Morningstar's database and corresponding market conditions. Shaded areas show the past 3 years of quarterly data. Past performance does not guarantee future results.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
The hypothetical scenario does not take into account federal, state or municipal taxes. If taxes were taken into account, the hypothetical values shown would have been lower.


Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Effective 1/2/97, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Effective 1/2/97, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis.  Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax returns depend on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. The before shares sold calculation assumes taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but does not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. The after shares sold calculation also adjusts for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.

Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        


















 





Franklin High Income Fund - FVHIX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Franklin High Income Fund - FVHIX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email






















FVHIX





Franklin High Income Fund





            Share Class
         Advisor 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




















Performance


Average Annual Total Returns


Calendar Year Returns


Cumulative Total Returns


After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns











Average Annual Total Returns




                    [further-information]
                







Close



Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017








CLOSE ×

                                        Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.










Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures











Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 12/31/1969






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
14.90
1.90
5.37
6.45
7.78



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
14.90
1.90
5.37
6.45
7.78




Credit Suisse High Yield Index (%)
13.04
4.28
6.72
7.22
—













Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 12/31/1969






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
14.90
1.90
5.37
6.45
7.78



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
14.90
1.90
5.37
6.45
7.78



Credit Suisse High Yield Index (%)
13.04
4.28
6.72
7.22
—
















Calendar Year Returns





Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
19.41
-10.06
-0.25
7.79
15.26
4.71
13.86
44.51
-22.43
3.31



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
19.41
-10.06
-0.25
7.79
15.26
4.71
13.86
44.51
-22.43
3.31



<nobr>Credit Suisse High Yield Index</nobr> (%)
18.39
-4.90
1.86
7.53
14.71
5.47
14.42
54.22
-26.17
2.65















Cumulative Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 12/31/1969





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
4.37
14.90
5.81
29.90
86.85
3,412.38


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
4.37
14.90
5.81
29.90
86.85
3,412.38



Credit Suisse High Yield Index (%)
4.37
13.04
13.40
38.43
100.85
—












Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 12/31/1969





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
4.37
14.90
5.81
29.90
86.85
3,412.38


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
4.37
14.90
5.81
29.90
86.85
3,412.38



Credit Suisse High Yield Index (%)
4.37
13.04
13.40
38.43
100.85
—











HYPOTHETICAL $10K INVESTMENT














After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. "Before Shares Sold" figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. "After Shares Sold" figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. &#34;Before Shares Sold&#34; figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. &#34;After Shares Sold&#34; figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures












Month EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
12.11
-0.78
2.57
3.53


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
8.35
0.16
2.83
3.70


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
12.11
-0.78
2.57
3.53


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
8.35
0.16
2.83
3.70

















Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
12.11
-0.78
2.57
3.53


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
8.35
0.16
2.83
3.70


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
12.11
-0.78
2.57
3.53


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
8.35
0.16
2.83
3.70















SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES & FEES As of  10/01/2016 (updated annually)




Gross Expense Ratio


0.64%



Net Expense Ratio

0.63%



Max Initial Sales Charge

0.00%



CDSC

0.00%






Volatility Measures


                    [further-information]
                







Close



Alpha The difference between a fund's actual returns versus its expected performance, given its level of market risk as measured by beta. A positive alpha indicates the fund performed better than its beta would predict while a negative alpha indicates the fund's under performance based on the expectations indicated by the fund's beta.  Beta A measure of a fund's volatility in relation to the stock market, as measured by a stated index. By definition, the beta of the stated index is 1; a fund with a higher beta has been more volatile than the index, and a fund with a lower beta has been less volatile than the index.  Sharpe Ratio The Sharpe ratio, developed by Nobel Prize winner William Sharpe, provides a measure of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. A higher number indicates better historical risk-adjusted performance.  CorrelationThe linear relationship between two return series. Correlation shows the strength of the relationship between two return series. The higher the relationship, the more similar the returns.  R-Squared This number indicates what percentage of a fund's performance fluctuation can be explained by movements in the benchmark index. R-squared (correlation) ranges from 0 to 100. An R-squared of 100 would mean that the fund is tracking its benchmark exactly. A low R-squared indicates that very few of the fund's movements are explained by movements of its benchmark. R-squared can help determine the significance of the fund's beta. A higher R-squared generally indicates a more useful beta. Lower R-squared means the fund's beta is less relevant to its performance.  Standard Deviation This figure provides a statistical measure of the range of a fund's returns. A high standard deviation indicates a wide range of returns and thus greater volatility.



As of  06/30/2017 Updated Monthly, based on a 3-year period







CLOSE ×

                                
                    [further-information-text]
                







Beta


1.24



Sharpe Ratio


0.21



Standard Deviation


7.82






Benchmarks

A benchmark is a comparable broad-based index that can be used to evaluate a fund's performance.


Credit Suisse High Yield Index







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. The risks associated with higher-yielding, lower-rated securities include higher risk of default and loss of principal. Changes in the financial strength of a bond issuer or in a bond's credit rating may affect its value. In addition, interest rate movements will affect the fund's share price and yield. Bond prices generally move in the opposite direction of interest rates. Thus, as the prices of bonds in the fund adjust to a rise in interest rates, the fund's share price may decline. Investment in foreign securities also involves special risks, including currency fluctuations, and political and economic uncertainty. These and other risk considerations are discussed in the fund's prospectus.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees. The fund offers multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Please see the prospectus for details. Change the share class selection in the dropdown at the top of this page in order to see its performance details.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The fund's 30-day standardized yield is calculated over a trailing 30-day period using the yield to maturity on bonds and/or the dividends accrued on stocks. It may not equal the fund's actual income distribution rate, which reflects the fund's past dividends paid to shareholders.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. The style box reveals a fund's investment style. For credit quality of the bonds owned, Morningstar combines credit rating information provided by the fund companies (only using ratings assigned by a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization - "NRSRO") with an average default rate calculation to come up with a weighted-average credit quality. The weighted-average credit quality is currently a letter that roughly corresponds to the scale used by a leading NRSRO. Funds with a low credit quality style box placement are those whose weighted-average credit quality is less than BBB-; medium are those less than AA- but greater or equal to BBB-; and high are those of AA- or higher. When classifying a bond portfolio, Morningstar first maps the NRSRO credit ratings of the underlying holdings to their respective default rates (as determined by Morningstar's analysis of actual historical default rates). Morningstar then averages these default rates to determine the average default rate for the entire bond fund. Finally, Morningstar maps this average default rate to its corresponding credit rating along a convex curve. For interest-rate sensitivity, Morningstar obtains from fund companies the average effective duration. Generally, Morningstar classifies a fixed-income fund's interest-rate sensitivity based on effective duration of the Morningstar Core Bond Index (MCBI), which is currently three years. The classification of Limited will be assigned to those funds whose average effective duration is between 25% to 75% of MCBI's average effective duration; average effective duration between 75% to 125% of the MCBI will be classified as Moderate; and those at 125% or greater of the MCBI will be classified as Extensive. Shaded areas show the past 3 years of quarterly data.  Past performance does not guarantee future results.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
The hypothetical scenario does not take into account federal, state or municipal taxes. If taxes were taken into account, the hypothetical values shown would have been lower.


Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 9/30/17. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 9/30/17. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis.  Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax returns depend on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. The before shares sold calculation assumes taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but does not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. The after shares sold calculation also adjusts for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.

Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        


















 





Franklin Growth Fund - FCGAX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Franklin Growth Fund - FCGAX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email






















FCGAX





Franklin Growth Fund





            Share Class
         Advisor 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




















Performance


Average Annual Total Returns


Calendar Year Returns


Cumulative Total Returns


After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns











Average Annual Total Returns




                    [further-information]
                







Close



Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017








CLOSE ×

                                        Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.










Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures











Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 03/31/1948






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
21.92
10.73
14.87
8.31
10.34



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
21.92
10.73
14.87
8.31
10.34




S&P 500 Index (%)
17.90
9.61
14.63
7.18
—













Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 03/31/1948






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
21.92
10.73
14.87
8.31
10.34



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
21.92
10.73
14.87
8.31
10.34



S&P 500 Index (%)
17.90
9.61
14.63
7.18
—
















Calendar Year Returns





Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
8.68
2.20
15.15
29.73
13.98
0.87
15.18
34.57
-33.21
7.39



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
8.68
2.20
15.15
29.73
13.98
0.87
15.18
34.57
-33.21
7.39



<nobr>S&P 500 Index</nobr> (%)
11.96
1.38
13.69
32.39
16.00
2.11
15.06
26.46
-37.00
5.49















Cumulative Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 03/31/1948





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
13.77
21.92
35.76
100.01
122.14
91,212.17


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
13.77
21.92
35.76
100.01
122.14
91,212.17



S&P 500 Index (%)
9.34
17.90
31.70
97.92
100.08
—












Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 03/31/1948





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
13.77
21.92
35.76
100.01
122.14
91,212.17


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
13.77
21.92
35.76
100.01
122.14
91,212.17



S&P 500 Index (%)
9.34
17.90
31.70
97.92
100.08
—











HYPOTHETICAL $10K INVESTMENT














After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. "Before Shares Sold" figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. "After Shares Sold" figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. &#34;Before Shares Sold&#34; figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. &#34;After Shares Sold&#34; figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures












Month EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
20.77
9.99
14.36
8.00


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
13.13
8.24
11.91
6.74


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
20.77
9.99
14.36
8.00


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
13.13
8.24
11.91
6.74

















Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
20.77
9.99
14.36
8.00


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
13.13
8.24
11.91
6.74


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
20.77
9.99
14.36
8.00


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
13.13
8.24
11.91
6.74















SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES & FEES As of  02/01/2017 (updated annually)




Gross Expense Ratio


0.65%



Net Expense Ratio

0.63%



Max Initial Sales Charge

0.00%



CDSC

0.00%






Volatility Measures


                    [further-information]
                







Close



Alpha The difference between a fund's actual returns versus its expected performance, given its level of market risk as measured by beta. A positive alpha indicates the fund performed better than its beta would predict while a negative alpha indicates the fund's under performance based on the expectations indicated by the fund's beta.  Beta A measure of a fund's volatility in relation to the stock market, as measured by a stated index. By definition, the beta of the stated index is 1; a fund with a higher beta has been more volatile than the index, and a fund with a lower beta has been less volatile than the index.  Sharpe Ratio The Sharpe ratio, developed by Nobel Prize winner William Sharpe, provides a measure of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. A higher number indicates better historical risk-adjusted performance.  CorrelationThe linear relationship between two return series. Correlation shows the strength of the relationship between two return series. The higher the relationship, the more similar the returns.  R-Squared This number indicates what percentage of a fund's performance fluctuation can be explained by movements in the benchmark index. R-squared (correlation) ranges from 0 to 100. An R-squared of 100 would mean that the fund is tracking its benchmark exactly. A low R-squared indicates that very few of the fund's movements are explained by movements of its benchmark. R-squared can help determine the significance of the fund's beta. A higher R-squared generally indicates a more useful beta. Lower R-squared means the fund's beta is less relevant to its performance.  Standard Deviation This figure provides a statistical measure of the range of a fund's returns. A high standard deviation indicates a wide range of returns and thus greater volatility.



As of  06/30/2017 Updated Monthly, based on a 3-year period







CLOSE ×

                                
                    [further-information-text]
                







Beta


0.95



Sharpe Ratio


1.05



Standard Deviation


10.02






Benchmarks

A benchmark is a comparable broad-based index that can be used to evaluate a fund's performance.


S&P 500 Index







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. Historically, the fund has focused on larger companies. The fund may also invest in small, relatively new and/or unseasoned companies, which involves additional risks, as the price of these securities can be volatile, particularly over the short term. The fund may focus on particular sectors of the market from time to time, which can carry greater risks of adverse developments in such sectors. In addition, the fund may invest up to 40% of its net assets in stocks of foreign companies, which involve special risks, including currency fluctuations and economic as well as political uncertainty. These and other risks are described more fully in the fund's prospectus.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees. The fund offers multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Please see the prospectus for details. Change the share class selection in the dropdown at the top of this page in order to see its performance details.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the S&P 500 Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the S&P 500 Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the S&P 500 Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the S&P 500 Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. The style box reveals a fund's investment style. The vertical axis shows the market capitalization of the stocks owned and the horizontal axis shows investment style (value, blend, or growth). Placement is determined by fund portfolio holding figures most recently entered into Morningstar's database and corresponding market conditions. Shaded areas show the past 3 years of quarterly data. Past performance does not guarantee future results.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
The hypothetical scenario does not take into account federal, state or municipal taxes. If taxes were taken into account, the hypothetical values shown would have been lower.


Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 1/31/18. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 1/31/18. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis.  Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax returns depend on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. The before shares sold calculation assumes taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but does not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. The after shares sold calculation also adjusts for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.

Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        


















 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Income Investing | CEF | Nuveen



















































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us


































Closed the Income Gap®
with Nuveen Closed-End Funds



Closed-End Funds Offer Attractive Income Potential
In the search for increased income opportunities, closed-end funds can be a smart choice. Designed and built for income, closed-end funds seek to provide regular, stable cash flow over time and can serve as a compelling tool for optimizing an income portfolio.
Consider closed-end funds if you’re seeking to:1


1


Enhance Income and Cash Flow
Because of their unique closed structure and ability to use leverage,2 closed-end funds offer potentially higher distributions3 than traditional income investments.4


2


Manage Interest Rate Risk 
Floating rate, shorter duration or equity closed-end funds may help reduce a portfolio’s interest rate sensitivity.


3


Protect Purchasing Power
Closed-end funds that invest in real assets and dividend-paying stocks, which typically increase their payments with rising inflation, may help buffer the effects of rising inflation.


4


Maximize After-Tax Efficiency
Nuveen offers a wide array of national, state specific and AMT-free municipal closed-end funds that may help reduce your tax liability on investment income.5


5


Improve Diversification
With strategies that provide access to specialized asset classes, including alternatives, Nuveen closed-end funds may enhance portfolio diversification.





Additional Resources



How Do CEFs Compare? 


Additional Advisor Resources










What is a Closed-End Fund?
Anne KritzmireClosed-End Fund & Structured Products










Consider Nuveen closed-end funds if you’re seeking1



Fund Name
Ticker
Leveraged?
Primary Investment Focus 
Enhance Income
Manage Interest Rate Risk
Protect Purchasing Power
Maximize After-Tax Efficiency
Improve Diversification 




Tax-Exempt Municipal Debt


Nuveen Quality Municipal Income Fund
NAD
•
Investment Grade Municipal Bonds
•


•



Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund
NVG
•
AMT-Free, Hybrid Investment Grade/High Yield Municipal Bonds
•


•



Nuveen Municipal Value Fund, Inc.
NUV

Investment Grade Municipal Bonds
•


•



Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund
NMZ
•
High Yield Municipal Bonds
•


•





Taxable Debt


Nuveen Credit Strategies Income Fund
JQC
•
Senior Loans
•
•
•

•


Nuveen Mortgage Opportunity Term Fund
JLS
•
Mortgage-Backed Securities
•
•


•


Nuveen Preferred Securities Income Fund
JPS
•
Preferred Securities
•






Nuveen Global High Income Fund
JGH
•
Global High Yield Securities
•
•


•




Equity


Nuveen Real Asset Income and Growth Fund
JRI
•
Real Assets
•
•
•

•


Nuveen Tax-Advantaged Total Return Strategy Fund
JTA
•
Equity-Global
•
•
•

•


Nuveen S&P 500 Buy-Write Income Fund
BXMX

Equity-Option
•
•

•
•








There is no guarantee that any of the funds will achieve their stated objectives. For detailed information on the specific risks associated with each fund, please view the fund overview by clicking on the fund name above.
1 Goal classifications represent common investor concerns when evaluating portfolio needs, are provided for informational purposes only, and are not intended to be relied upon as investment advice or recommendations.
2 Leverage typically magnifies the total return of a fund’s portfolio, whether that return is positive or negative, and creates an opportunity for increased common share net income as well as higher volatility of net asset value, market price, and distributions. There is no assurance that a fund’s leveraging strategy will be successful.
3 Potential distribution sources include net investment income, realized gains and return of capital.  
4 Different types of asset investments have different types of risks, which may provide higher returns but also greater volatility. In general, equity securities tend to be more volatile that fixed income securities. The value of, and income generated by, debt securities will decrease or increase based on changes in market interest rates. As interest rates risk, bond prices fall. In general, below investment grade (high-yield) debt securities tend to be more volatile than investment grade securities. Preferred securities are subordinated to bonds and other debt instruments in a company's capital structure, and therefore are subject to greater credit risk. The interest and principal payments of U.S. Treasury securities are guaranteed.
5 Income may be subject to state and local income taxes and the alternative minimum tax. Capital gains, if any, will be subject to capital gains tax.














Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









There are risks inherent in any investment, including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE









See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.
21247-INV-Y-03/17



















Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds






















American Private Money Group Trust Deed Investments Trust Deed Opportunities High Yield Trust Deeds

















































SGQI - SG Global Quality Income ETF | Janus Henderson Investors


























































Skip to content


















 




Products

Mutual Funds
ETFs
SMAs
Variable Insurance


Insights

Global Perspectives
Equity
Fixed Income
Multi-Asset & Alternatives
Market Events
Future Trends
Portfolio Strategies
Client Materials
Blog


Advisor Resources

Professional Development
Portfolio Construction Services
Wealth Management
Defined Contribution
Continuing Education


About


United States
Finland
Norway
United Kingdom
Deutschland
Singapore
Australia
Hong Kong
España
Österreich
India
Ireland
Italia
Japan
Schweiz
Belgium
China
Denmark
France
Sweden
Chile
Luxembourg
Nederland
Taiwan
US Offshore
Rest of the world
 




HomeProductsSGQI – SG Global Quality Income ETF        










SGQI – SG Global Quality Income ETF
Seeks quality, high-yielding global equities designed to deliver consistent dividend income



NAV
As of 07/25/17
$27.80





Fact Sheet






Jump to a section






		Fund Facts	




Pricing Data
(As of Market Close 07/25/17)


Yields and Expenses


Fund Details







$28.24
Closing Market Price


$27.93
Bid/Ask Midpoint


$28.46
Day High


$27.60
Day Low


2,120
Trading Volume (Shares)


0.45%
Premium/Discount


1.70M
Shares Outstanding




4.71%
Distribution Yield at NAV
(As of 06/30/17)


30 Day SEC Yield
(As of 06/30/17)
3.77%


Quarterly
Distribution Frequency


$47.26M
Total Net Assets
(As of 07/25/17)




GROSS
0.45%


NET
0.45%


Annual Expense Ratio
(Estimated)


Performance
(As of 07/25/17)


$27.80
NAV
(As of 07/25/17)


0.07%
NAV 1 Day Return


10.72%
NAV Year To Date




12/07/16
Inception Date


47103U878
CUSIP



Category

						Morningstar						(As of 06/30/2017)					

World Large Stock


SGQIIV
Intraday Value (IOPV)


NASDAQ
Exchange


SGQINTRD
Index Ticker


Primary Benchmark
SGI Global Quality Income Index


Index Provider
Société Générale Index








							Overview						


ETF Objective
Janus SG Global Quality Income ETF (SGQI) seeks investment results that correspond generally, before fees and expenses, to the performance of the SGI Global Quality Income Index.
Client Commitment
An Equity ETF seeking to provide investors with a consistent income stream by selecting quality, high-yielding companies across the globe. In today’s low-yielding environment, this may serve as an important complement to fixed income, offering both a diversified source of income and growth potential.
Why Invest in the Fund


Equity Income Potential

The strategy seeks to invest in dividend-paying companies with yields above 4%, pursuing the best opportunities in global developed market equities.

Quality Counts

The strategy aims to provide a consistent income stream by selecting quality companies with the potential to sustain or grow dividend payouts by evaluating balance sheet strength, profitability and price stability.

Core Income Complement

This may serve as a diversifier in an income portfolio providing both a differentiated stream of income and growth potential – especially important given the scarcity of yield in today’s market.






						Performance					


RETURNS

						(As of 06/30/2017)					

						(As of 06/30/2017)					





QUARTER END
MONTH END





Inception: Dec 07, 2016
3M
YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
Since Inception





													NAV												

													3.24%												

													9.53%												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													10.40%												



													Market Price												

													2.99%												

													10.15%												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													11.29%												



													SGI Global Quality Income Index												

													3.10%												

													9.37%												

													8.56%												

													1.98%												

													6.98%												

													-												

													10.27%												



													MSCI World Index℠												

													4.03%												

													10.66%												

													18.20%												

													5.24%												

													11.38%												

													3.97%												

													10.87%												








Inception: Dec 07, 2016
3M
YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
Since Inception





													NAV												

													3.24%												

													9.53%												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													10.40%												



													Market Price												

													2.99%												

													10.15%												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													11.29%												



													SGI Global Quality Income Index												

													3.10%												

													9.37%												

													8.56%												

													1.98%												

													6.98%												

													-												

													10.27%												



													MSCI World Index℠												

													4.03%												

													10.66%												

													18.20%												

													5.24%												

													11.38%												

													3.97%												

													10.87%												









									Returns quoted are past performance and do not guarantee future results; current performance may be lower or higher. Investment returns and principal value will vary; there may be a gain or loss when shares are sold.
									Shares of ETFs are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the Fund. Market returns are based upon the midpoint of the bid/ask spread at 4:00 p.m. Eastern time (when NAV is normally determined for most ETFs), and do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. Ordinary brokerage commissions apply and will reduce returns.






GROWTH OF A $10,000 HYPOTHETICAL INVESTMENT






															Source: Morningstar, Inc.





Q2 2017
Q1 2017
Q4 2016

FREQUENCY DISTRIBUTION OF PREMIUMS AND DISCOUNTS







Market Price below NAV
Market Price equal to NAV
Market Price above NAV


Percent of Difference
< -1.50
-1.49 to -1.00
-0.99 to -0.50
-0.49 to -0.01
0
0.01 to 0.49
0.50 to 0.99
1.00 to 1.49
> 1.50


Number of Days
0
0
0
0
0
11
49
3
0


Percent of Total Days
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
17.46%
77.78%
4.76%
0.00%









Market Price below NAV
Market Price equal to NAV
Market Price above NAV


Percent of Difference
< -1.50
-1.49 to -1.00
-0.99 to -0.50
-0.49 to -0.01
0
0.01 to 0.49
0.50 to 0.99
1.00 to 1.49
> 1.50


Number of Days
0
0
0
8
0
44
5
4
1


Percent of Total Days
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
12.90%
0.00%
70.97%
8.06%
6.45%
1.61%









Market Price below NAV
Market Price equal to NAV
Market Price above NAV


Percent of Difference
< -1.50
-1.49 to -1.00
-0.99 to -0.50
-0.49 to -0.01
0
0.01 to 0.49
0.50 to 0.99
1.00 to 1.49
> 1.50


Number of Days
0
0
1
0
1
14
0
0
0


Percent of Total Days
0.00%
0.00%
6.25%
0.00%
6.25%
87.50%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
















DISTRIBUTION OVERVIEW





EX-DATE
RECORD DATE
PAYABLE DATE
ORDINARY INCOME
SHORT-TERM CAPITAL GAINS
LONG-TERM CAPITAL GAINS
TOTAL DISTRIBUTION




06/30/2017

07/05/2017

07/07/2017

$0.332327

$0.000000

$0.000000

$0.332327


03/31/2017

04/04/2017

04/06/2017

$0.284946

$0.000000

$0.000000

$0.284946


12/23/2016

12/28/2016

12/30/2016

$0.114199

$0.000000

$0.000000

$0.114199







							Characteristics						

Index represents the SGI Global Quality Income Index.









TOP HOLDINGS
(As of 07/25/2017)


% of Fund






																							Power Assets Holdings Ltd																					

																							1.46																					



																							Kuehne + Nagel International AG																					

																							1.37																					



																							Garmin Ltd																					

																							1.37																					



																							Spark New Zealand Ltd																					

																							1.38																					



																							TransCanada Corp																					

																							1.38																					



																							Abertis Infraestructuras SA																					

																							1.37																					



																							Pembina Pipeline Corp																					

																							1.37																					



																							Sydney Airport																					

																							1.37																					



																							OGE Energy Corp																					

																							1.37																					



																							Transurban Group																					

																							1.36																					







								View Full Holdings							

								Download							










PORTFOLIO CHARACTERISTICS
(As of 07/24/17)










Number of Holdings
Equity Issues





75






Market Capitalization
Weighted Average





$49.83B






Market Capitalization
Median





$20.77B






Portfolio Turnover Rate
(1-year trailing)





28.67%






Price/Earnings Ratio
(1-year forward)





17.96






Price/Book Ratio
(1-year forward)





2.58






Earnings Growth Rate
(1-year forward)





5.20%














DEVELOPED VS. EMERGING MARKET
(As of 07/25/17)


% OF FUND






																							Non-U.S. Developed																					

																							73.46																					



																							U.S.																					

																							26.55																					



																							Cash & Equivalents																					

																							-0.01																					











REGIONAL ALLOCATION
(As of 07/25/17)


% OF FUND






																							Europe																					

																							38.59																					



																							North America																					

																							37.37																					



																							Asia/Pacific Ex Japan																					

																							21.41																					



																							Japan																					

																							2.64																					



																							Cash & Equivalents																					

																							-0.01																					













SECTOR ALLOCATION
(As of 07/25/17)


% OF FUND






																							Utilities																					

																							24.17																					



																							Telecommunication Services																					

																							17.37																					



																							Energy																					

																							14.68																					



																							Industrials																					

																							13.35																					



																							Consumer Discretionary																					

																							13.31																					



																							Health Care																					

																							7.93																					



																							Consumer Staples																					

																							7.88																					



																							Materials																					

																							1.32																					



																							Cash & Equivalents																					

																							-0.01																					











MARKET CAPITALIZATION RANGE OF EQUITY HOLDINGS
(As of 07/25/2017)


% OF FUND






																							Over $100B																					

																							17.18																					



																							$50B to $100B																					

																							5.29																					



																							$10B to $50B																					

																							49.65																					



																							$5B to $10B																					

																							19.88																					



																							$1B to $5B																					

																							8.01																					



																							Cash & Equivalents																					

																							-0.01																					










						Commentary & Literature					






Literature

Full Holdings
Distributions & Tax Information
Fact Sheet
Sai
Semi-annual Report
Annual Report
Prospectus


































SuperIncome Preferred ETF





























SPFF



SuperIncome™ Preferred ETF










Fund Summary

The Global X SuperIncome™ Preferred ETF (SPFF) invests in 50 of the highest yielding preferred stocks in North America.




Fund Objective

The Global X SuperIncome™ Preferred ETF seeks investment results that correspond generally to the price and yield performance, before fees and expenses, of the S&P Enhanced Yield North American Preferred Stock Index.



Why SPFF?




High Income Potential
SPFF invests in 50 of the highest yielding preferreds in the U.S. and Canada, potentially increasing a portfolio's yield.





Monthly Distributions
SPFF makes distributions on a monthly basis and has made distributions each month for over three years.





Preferential Tax Treatment
Preferred securities may also provide an income advantage. Income from preferred stocks may be treated as qualified dividends (QDI), rather than as regular interest income.








Fund Details As of 7/25/17


Ticker
SPFF


Primary Exchange
NYSE Arca


CUSIP
37950E333


ISIN
US37950E3339


Net Assets
$240,840,744.47


Management Fee
0.58%


Annual Fund Operating Expense
0.58%


Inception Date
7/16/12


Shares Outstanding
18,700,000


30-Day SEC Yield 
6.69%


12-month Dividend Yield 
7.13%


Distribution Yield 
6.94%


Distribution Frequency
Monthly


 Distribution Calendar




Fund Documents

Prospectus 
Summary Prospectus 
Fund Fact Sheet 
Investment Case 
Annual Report 
Semi-Annual Report 
Statement of Additional Information 



Fund Research

Preferreds, Yield, and Your Portfolio 
Aviance’s Walker on High Yield Preferreds 
Video: SuperDividend’s Process and Roots 
SuperDividend Report 









Fund Prices


As of 7/25/17






NAV
Price




Net Asset Value
$12.88
Closing Price
$12.90


Daily Change
$0.01
0.08%
Daily Change
-$0.01
-0.08%








Performance History


 Premium Discount Chart





Cumulative %Data as of month end (6/30/17)
Fund NAV
Closing Price
Index




1 Month
0.89%
0.81%
								
0.92%


3 Months
-0.07%
-0.15%
0.09%


6 Months
3.10%
3.17%
3.41%


Since Inception
20.51%
22.49%
24.62%






Avg Annualized %Data as of month end (6/30/17)
Fund NAV
Closing Price
Index




1 Year
1.01%
1.08%
1.56%


3 Years
1.51%
1.46%
2.30%


5 Years
--
--
4.64%


Since Inception
3.84%
4.18%
4.54%







Avg Annualized %Data as of quarter end (6/30/17)

Fund NAV
Closing Price
Index




1 Year
1.01%
1.08%
1.56%


3 Years
1.51%
1.46%
2.30%


5 Years
--
--
4.64%


Since Inception
3.84%
4.18%
4.54%




Cumulative return is the aggregate amount that an investment has gained or lost over time. Annualized Return is the average return gained or lost by an investment each year over a given time period.
The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when sold or redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost and current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted.








Top 10 Holdings


As of 7/25/17


 Full Holdings (.csv)






Net Assets %
Name
Market Price ($)
Shares Held
Market Value ($)




5.38
AGN 5.5% 03/01/18 PFD
902.53
14,360
12,960,330.80


5.20
GMAC CAP(ALLY) PFD 8.125%
26.22
477,367
12,516,562.74


5.14
BARCLAYS BANK PFD 8.125%
26.95
459,382
12,380,344.90


3.96
KINDER MORGAN INC/DELAWA
43.73
218,046
9,535,151.58


3.63
WELLS FARGO PFD-CV 7.5
1,321.63
6,608
8,733,331.04


3.21
HSBC HLDGS PLC PFD 8%
27.16
284,902
7,737,938.32


3.07
VEREIT PFD
26.53
278,326
7,383,988.78


3.03
CITIGROUP XIII PFD 7.875%
27.13
268,758
7,291,404.54


2.92
ING GROEP  1.59375 (PS)
25.86
272,279
7,041,134.94


2.82
AEGON NV PREFERRED STCK
26.00
260,846
6,781,996.00




Holdings are subject to change.







× Close




Premium Discount Chart As of 7/25/17



NAV
$12.88


Mid-Point
$12.90


Premium/Discount
$0.02







Current Data As of 7/25/17




% oF Days
# oF Days




-0.5% to 0.0%
1.90%
2.00


0.0% to 0.50%
12.38%
13.00


Premium
14



NAV
0



Discount
2



Greatest Premium
1.71%



Greatest Discount
-0.24%








Premium Discount / Frequency As of 7/25/17

2017 Q3
2017 Q2
2017 Q1
2016 Q4
2016 Q3
2016 1Y




 View Chart Explanation
 Download Chart Data (.CSV)
How can the Fund trade at a premium/discount to its NAV?
The primary explanation is that timing discrepancies can arise between the NAV and the closing price of the Fund. Since shares of the Fund trade on the open market, prices are affected by the constant flow of information received by investors, corporations and financial institutions. Depending on how this changing information affects investor sentiment, shares of the Fund may deviate slightly from the value of the Fund's underlying assets. As a result, shareholders may pay more than NAV when they buy Fund shares and receive less than NAV when they sell those shares, because shares are purchased and sold at current market prices. However, due to the creation and redemption process that is unique to ETFs, market makers are able to minimize these deviations from NAV by taking advantage of arbitrage opportunities.
What causes these time discrepancies?
Close of Trading Times. Although both the NAV and the closing trade of the Fund are generally calculated at the closing time of 4:00 p.m. eastern time, slight differences in this timing may cause discrepancies.
Time of Last Trade. Trading of Global X funds generally takes place during normal trading hours (9:30 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. eastern time). However, it is important to note that the last trade - from which the closing price is determined - may not occur at exactly 4:00 p.m. eastern time. Therefore, changing market sentiment during the time difference may cause the NAV to deviate from the closing price.
International Holdings. The premiums and discounts for funds with significant holdings in international markets may be less accurate due to the different closing times of various international markets. Because the Funds trade during U.S. market hours while the underlying securities may not, the time lapse between the markets can result in differences between the NAV and the closing price.







× Close

Distribution Calendar

Ex-Date
Record Date
Payable Date
Amount



2012


08/01/2012
08/03/2012
08/10/2012
$0.009856


09/04/2012
09/06/2012
09/13/2012
$0.183001


10/01/2012
10/03/2012
10/10/2012
$0.101000


11/01/2012
11/05/2012
11/13/2012
$0.068571


12/03/2012
12/05/2012
12/12/2012
$0.082500


12/27/2012
12/31/2012
01/09/2013
$0.155266




2013


02/01/2013
02/05/2013
02/12/2013
$0.091701


03/01/2013
03/05/2013
03/12/2013
$0.082000


04/01/2013
04/03/2013
04/10/2013
$0.087600


05/01/2013
05/03/2013
05/10/2013
$0.087600


06/03/2013
06/05/2013
06/12/2013
$0.083700


07/01/2013
07/03/2013
07/11/2013
$0.082000


08/01/2013
08/05/2013
08/12/2013
$0.082000


09/03/2013
09/05/2013
09/12/2013
$0.080500


10/01/2013
10/03/2013
10/10/2013
$0.082000


11/01/2013
11/05/2013
11/12/2013
$0.086000


12/02/2013
12/04/2013
12/11/2013
$0.086000


12/27/2013
12/31/2013
01/08/2014
$0.143208




2014


02/03/2014
02/05/2014
02/12/2014
$0.082500


03/03/2014
03/05/2014
03/12/2014
$0.082500


04/01/2014
04/03/2014
04/10/2014
$0.082500


05/01/2014
05/05/2014
05/12/2014
$0.082500


06/02/2014
06/04/2014
06/11/2014
$0.082500


07/01/2014
07/03/2014
07/11/2014
$0.082500


08/01/2014
08/05/2014
08/12/2014
$0.082500


09/02/2014
09/04/2014
09/11/2014
$0.082500


10/01/2014
10/03/2014
10/10/2014
$0.082500


11/03/2014
11/05/2014
11/12/2014
$0.082500


12/01/2014
12/03/2014
12/10/2014
$0.082500


12/29/2014
12/31/2014
01/08/2015
$0.078881




2015


02/02/2015
02/04/2015
02/11/2015
$0.082500


03/02/2015
03/04/2015
03/11/2015
$0.082500


04/01/2015
04/06/2015
04/13/2015
$0.082500


05/01/2015
05/05/2015
05/12/2015
$0.082500


06/01/2015
06/03/2015
06/10/2015
$0.082500


07/01/2015
07/06/2015
07/13/2015
$0.082500


08/03/2015
08/05/2015
08/12/2015
$0.082500


09/01/2015
09/03/2015
09/11/2015
$0.082500


10/01/2015
10/05/2015
10/13/2015
$0.082500


11/02/2015
11/04/2015
11/12/2015
$0.082500


12/01/2015
12/03/2015
12/10/2015
$0.082500


12/29/2015
12/31/2015
01/08/2016
$0.078477




2016


02/01/2016
02/03/2016
02/10/2016
$0.077500


03/01/2016
03/03/2016
03/10/2016
$0.077500


04/01/2016
04/05/2016
04/12/2016
$0.077500


05/02/2016
05/04/2016
05/11/2016
$0.072500


06/01/2016
06/03/2016
06/10/2016
$0.072500


07/01/2016
07/06/2016
07/13/2016
$0.072500


08/01/2016
08/03/2016
08/10/2016
$0.072500


09/01/2016
09/06/2016
09/13/2016
$0.072500


10/03/2016
10/05/2016
10/12/2016
$0.072500


11/01/2016
11/03/2016
11/10/2016
$0.072500


12/01/2016
12/05/2016
12/12/2016
$0.072500


12/28/2016
12/30/2016
01/06/2017
$0.088327




2017


02/01/2017
02/03/2017
02/10/2017
$0.072500


03/01/2017
03/03/2017
03/10/2017
$0.072500


04/03/2017
04/05/2017
04/12/2017
$0.073500


05/01/2017
05/03/2017
05/10/2017
$0.073500


06/01/2017
06/05/2017
06/12/2017
$0.073500


07/03/2017
07/06/2017
07/13/2017
$0.073500


08/01/2017
08/03/2017
08/10/2017



09/01/2017
09/06/2017
09/13/2017



10/02/2017
10/03/2017
10/11/2017



11/01/2017
11/02/2017
11/10/2017



12/01/2017
12/04/2017
12/12/2017



12/28/2017
12/29/2017
01/09/2018






View Supplemental Tax Information and Forms →








Carefully consider the fund’s investment objectives, risks, and charges and expenses. This and other information can be found in the fund’s prospectus. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing.
Shares are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the Fund. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns. Global X NAVs are calculated using prices as of 4:00 PM Eastern Time. The closing price is the Mid-Point between the Bid and Ask price as of the close of exchange. Indices are unmanaged and do not include the effect of fees, expenses or sales charges. One cannot invest directly in an index.
Since the Fund’s shares typically do not trade in the secondary market until several days after the Fund’s inception, for the period from inception to the first day of secondary market trading in Shares, the NAV of the Fund is used to calculate market returns.
Global X Management Company LLC serves as an advisor to Global X Funds. The Funds are distributed by SEI Investments Distribution Co. (SIDCO), which is not affiliated with Global X Management Company LLC. Global X Funds are not sponsored, endorsed, issued, sold or promoted by Solactive AG, FTSE, Standard & Poors, NASDAQ, Indxx, or MSCI nor do these companies make any representations regarding the advisability of investing in the Global X Funds. Neither SIDCO nor Global X is affiliated with Solactive AG, FTSE, Standard & Poors, NASDAQ, Indxx, or MSCI.
Investing involves risk, including the possible loss of principal. In addition to the normal risks associated with investing, international investments may involve risk of capital loss from unfavorable fluctuation in currency values, from differences in generally accepted accounting principles or from economic or political instability in other nations. Preferred stock is subject to many of the risks associated with debt securities, including interest rate risk. In addition, preferred stock may not pay a dividend, an issuer may suspend payment of dividends on preferred stock at any time, and in certain situations, an issuer may call or redeem its preferred stock or convert it to common stock. High yielding stocks are often speculative, high-risk investments. These companies can be paying out more than they can support and may reduce their dividends or stop paying dividends at any time, which could have a material adverse effect on the stock price of these companies and the Fund’s performance.
High short-term performance of the fund is unusual and investors should not expect such performance to be repeated.


 




Subscribe to Future Updates from Global X
























   




	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































