





Barnes, Dr. Joseph K. Partially Printed Document, Signed - Abraham Lincoln Book Shop Inc.







































 























                    	(0 items) Shopping Cart
                       









Home  --› Browse the Shop --› Lincoln --› Lincoln Assassination - Conspirators, Funerals, Mourning, Trial, Execution --› Barnes, Dr. Joseph K. Partially Printed Document, Signed






Barnes, Dr. Joseph K. Partially Printed Document, Signed

Dr. Barnes Attended To
Two Assassinated Presidents,
Lincoln and Garfield


$1,750.00




In stock
reserve this item
Learn More
            	
Call: 312.944.3085
                Hours: Tues - Sat10am-4pm
Email Us



 
Categories: Catalog 177, Lincoln, Lincoln Assassination - Conspirators, Funerals, Mourning, Trial, Execution, Presidents & First Ladies.





Description



Product Description
Barnes, Joseph K. (Surgeon General, U.S.A.) Partially Printed Document, signed “J. K. Barnes.” Washington: 6 July 1865. Oblong folio; 1p.   Counter-signed by Col. J. Simpson as Medical Director.   
A scarce Barnes signed war-era document, being an appointment to Sergeant of Richard Merrill, 89th Company, Second Battalion of the Veteran Reserve Corps.   A “regimental” document, upgraded to “Battalion” by hand. Barnes was an attending surgeon for two assassinated presidents, attending the death bed of Lincoln and serving for weeks in the chamber of the dying Garfield. He also ministered and helped restore William Seward, Secretary of State.
For such an accomplished medical officer, Barnes is a tough autograph to find.
Overall browned; folds; water staining. But Barnes’ signature stands out boldly and the other ink writing is distinct and readable.



Related Products




 


Lincoln, Abraham. Autograph Free Frank-As Member of Congress

Hard to find as “Member of Congress!”
READ MORE

$9,500.00

reserve this item Learn More
            	
Call: 312.944.3085
                Hours: Tues - Sat10am-4pm
Email Us









 


Lincoln, Abraham – Modern Photograph O-6 Illinois Politician

Albumen-toned Modern 8 x 10 Print
O-6
READ MORE

$75.00

buy this item Learn More
            	
Call: 312.944.3085
                Hours: Tues - Sat10am-4pm
Email Us



















New Acquisitions



 

 Illinois Governor Stratton’s Set
MORE




 

Presidential Autographs – From Washington to TR
MORE




 

McPherson is Tough To Find!
MORE




 

The Classic Landmark For Children Books
MORE




 

Estate Sale Broadside Slaves & Land 
MORE



































Suspicion by Joseph Finder, Paperback | Barnes & Noble®


















































Up to 15% Off with code SAVEMORE  




50% Off The Criterion Collection  




Favorite Paperbacks: Buy 2, Get the 3rd Free  




Explore The Trend Shop  



Membership
Gift Cards
Stores & Events
Help





BNLogo

Auto Suggestions are available once you type at least 3 letters. Use up and down arrow to review and enter to select.


AllBooksNOOK BooksNOOKTextbooksBargain BooksNewsstandTeensKidsToys & GamesHobbies & CollectiblesHome & GiftsMovies & TVMusic










items in your shopping bag.
Click to view the items in your shopping bag

You have













×

Uh-oh, it looks like your Internet Explorer is out of date. 
 For a better shopping experience, please upgrade
now.







!

  Javascript is not enabled in your browser. Enabling
JavaScript in your browser will allow you to experience all the
features of our site.     Learn
how to enable JavaScript on your browser


















 
 
 





Suspicion

4.4
33


by Joseph FinderJoseph Finder




 
 All Formats & Editions



See All Formats & Editions





The new novel from the New York Times bestselling author and "master of the modern thriller,"* about a father who is forced to make a choice with unspeakable consequencesWhen single father Danny Goodman suddenly finds himself unable to afford the private school his teenage daughter adores, he has no one to turn to for financial support.In what/b>/i>

See more details below





Suspicion available in
Hardcover, Paperback, NOOK Book, Audiobook



Paperback
(Tall Rack Paperback)



$9.99


$9.99



Format
Format


Hardcover - $27.95

Paperback - $9.99

NOOK Book - $9.99

from
$4.06













Sign In to Complete Instant Purchase
Eligible for FREE SHIPPING 

Get it by Monday, July 31
, Order now and choose Expedited Delivery during checkout.Same Day delivery in Manhattan. 
Details


37 New & Used from
$1.99





Save to Wishlist




Want it Today?Check Store Availability



9780451472564



















Overview
Editorial Reviews
Product Details
Related Subjects
Read an Excerpt
What People Are Saying


Meet the author






Overview



The new novel from the New York Times bestselling author and "master of the modern thriller,"* about a father who is forced to make a choice with unspeakable consequencesWhen single father Danny Goodman suddenly finds himself unable to afford the private school his teenage daughter adores, he has no one to turn to for financial support.In what seems like a stroke of brilliant luck, Danny meets Thomas Galvin, the father of his daughter’s new best friend, who also happens to be one of the wealthiest men in Boston. Galvin is aware of Danny’s situation and out of the blue offers a $50,000 loan to help Danny cover his daughter’s tuition. Uncomfortable but desperate, Danny takes the money, promising to pay Galvin back.What transpires is something Danny never imagined. The moment the money is wired into his account, the DEA comes knocking on his door. Danny’s impossible choice: an indictment for accepting drug money that he can’t afford to fight in court, or an unthinkably treacherous undercover assignment helping the government get close to his new family friend.As Danny begins to lie to everyone in his life, including those he loves most in the world, he must decide once and for all who the real enemy is or risk losing everything—and everyone—that matters to him. *The Boston Globe 


Advertising




Show More






Editorial Reviews


Publishers Weekly
03/17/2014In this lean, crisp thriller—a zipping Jaguar of a ride—from bestseller Finder (Powerplay), author Danny Goodman is having a tough time dealing with the tuition and administrators at Lyman Academy, his daughter Abby’s tony Boston day school. Then, because Abby is the sole friend of awkward loner Jenna Galvin, Jenna’s father, the nouveau riche Thomas Galvin, generously supplies a crucial $50,000 to tide the Goodmans over. Goodman soon learns this cash comes with a price. Two FBI agents claim Galvin is an American operative for Mexico’s brutal Sinaloa drug cartel. They bully Goodman into turning mole, planting wires in Galvin’s Boston-area estate, and eavesdropping at his ski lodge in Aspen. Goodman faces jail time and whopping fines if he displeases the Feds; but if he tips off the cartel, he could be killed. The plot turns—three major ones—are as shocking as they are believable. Finder has a satirist’s sense when discussing teen snobbery and the exurban rat race, and his spare, laminated style is several cuts above that of most thrillers. His characters are nuanced; especially compelling is the Mexican doctor who aids the poor by day and moonlights as a murderer—dispatching cartel foes with faux natural causes. Agent: Daniel Conaway, Writers House. (May)

From the Publisher
Praise for Suspicion:"A can't-miss thriller...Suspicion is arguably Joseph Finder's best novel to date, and he's one of the best thriller writers in the business. He's a master at making the reader feel every emotion, jump at every shock and squirm with every twist that Danny must overcome.”  —Associated Press"[Suspicion] sets the suspense level to a pitch that will keep even the coolest readers sweating."—The Boston Globe“Lock yourself in a room with Suspicion and don’t come out until you’ve read every last word. Completely original, emotionally satisfying, expertly twisted, and genuinely entertaining. Suspicion is the thriller to read this year. I loved it.”—Lisa Gardner“Joseph Finder has always been out there on the front edge of things. With Suspicion he does it again, giving us a novel that is as timely and cognizant of contemporary society as it is a startling seat of the pants thrill ride. In Finder's hands one man's fight for survival becomes an everyman's journey to the light.”—Michael Connelly“Suspicion is Joseph Finder at the absolute top of his form:  a heart-pounding, sweaty-palmed, utterly terrifying ride.”—Tess Gerritsen"Is this Joseph Finder's best thriller yet?  It gets my vote. So many twists and shocks. It kept me reading all night." —R.L. Stine"Finder fans as well as devotees of action-packed suspense have a great read ahead. The taut pacing, staccato chapters, and ingenious plot, especially Finder's characteristically creative use of digital surveillance techniques, guarantees a literary thrill ride."—Library Journal, starred review "There are many authors who take a reader 'slowly into that good night.' However, the real genius knows how to create the ultimate lead-in. They are the wordsmiths who can, in one page or one paragraph, grab the reader's attention and never let go...A true genius wordsmith, this is one author who has created solid suspense gold."—Suspense Magazine"[A] lean, crisp thriller—a zipping Jaguar of a ride...The plot turns—three major ones—are as shocking as they are believable...his spare, laminated style is several cuts above that of most thrillers." —Publishers Weekly"Thriller veteran Finder merits applause for this streamlined story made believable by Danny's everyman character; readers will find his palpable guilt and fear instantly relatable." - Booklist"Full of intriguing characters, squirmy, fast-paced action and a nifty, convoluted plot, Finder's latest is a real keeper. It's likely to keep you flipping pages until you reach the final, unexpected conclusion." - Lansing State Journal PRAISE FOR JOSEPH FINDER AND PREVIOUS NOVELS“A master of the modern thriller.”—The Boston Globe“Getting a grip on the modern corporate world has always been more difficult for fiction writers. I think Joe Finder does it better than anyone.”—Malcolm Gladwell on Killer Instinct “Jet-propelled . . . this twisting, stealthily plotted story . . . weaves a tangled and ingeniously enveloping web . . . [with a] killer twist for the end.”—The New York Times on Paranoia“Last year belonged to Dan Brown’s The Da Vinci Code . . . this year’s first contender for Page-turner of the Year is Joseph Finder’s Paranoia.”—USA Today “Exciting . . . deliciously absorbing . . . full of hairpin turns.”—The Washington Post on High Crimes"A powerhouse tale." - Chicago Tribune on High Crimes

Library Journal
★ 02/01/2014In Finder's (Buried Secrets; Vanished) 11th heart-pounding thriller, a struggling writer desperately scrambles to pay his bills; protect his teenage daughter, Abby; and avoid a 40-year prison term. To cover tuition costs for the private school Abby loves, Danny Goodman reluctantly accepts a generous loan from Thomas Galvin, the extremely wealthy father of Abby's best friend. After the money is wired into his account, however, the feds accuse Danny of laundering drug money and trap him into working as a confidential informant. But if Galvin and the Mexican drug cartel he's financing suspect Danny is snitching to the feds, Danny, and quite likely Abby, will die. Trapped, our hero begins to lie, conceal secrets, and engage in increasingly dangerous and deceptive activities—until finally Danny decides he wants out rather than risk losing those he loves. The startling climax concludes another fantastic Finder thriller. VERDICT Finder fans as well as devotees of action-packed suspense have a great read ahead. The taut pacing, staccato chapters, and ingenious plot, especially Finder's characteristically creative use of digital surveillance techniques, guarantee a literary thrill ride.—Jerry P. Miller. Cambridge, MA

Kirkus Reviews
2014-04-17Following two Nick Heller novels (Vanished, 2009; Buried Secrets, 2011), Finder gives us a stand-alone in which Boston writer Danny Goodman gets in treacherously over his head after borrowing a large sum of money from a fabulously rich man who isn't what he seems.Since his wife died from cancer two years ago, Danny has been struggling—emotionally, because his teenage daughter, Abby, still blames him for not telling her that her mother was dying; and financially, because he had Abby transferred to the city's most exclusive private school, where her best friend, Jenna, goes. When the school threatens to kick her out for lack of tuition payments, Jenna's father, Tom Galvin, loans Danny $50,000, saying his formerly troubled daughter's current happiness depends on her continuing to have Abby as a classmate. Tom, who is married to the daughter of a prominent Mexican businessman, also values his burgeoning friendship with Danny, a fellow Bostonian with working-class roots like his. But no sooner has Danny deposited the money than DEA agents are all over him, informing him that Galvin works for a top Mexican drug cartel and unless Danny spies on him for them, he will go to prison as an accessory—or even worse, be targeted by the murderous cartel. Danny's nail-biting exploits include breaking into Galvin's locker during a game of racquetball to drain data from his cellphone. Is Tom onto him? Is he being so warm and generous to Danny only to set him up? The characters don't break any molds; we've seen even the likes of the cartel's sadistic "angel of death," Dr. Mendoza, before. But the plot is so smartly put together, expertly paced and unpredictable that neither Danny's shallowness nor Finder's limitations as a prose stylist keep this from being an irresistible page-turner.This is another winner from Finder, who, as ever, builds suspense without a shred of overstatement.


Show More







Product Details


ISBN-13:

9780451472564
Publisher:

Penguin Publishing Group
Publication date:
04/07/2015
Pages:
496
Sales rank:
178,780
Product dimensions:
 4.31(w) x 7.56(h) x 1.02(d)
Age Range:
18  Years






Related Subjects


2015 Thriller Award Nominees

Crime Thrillers

Edge of Your Seat Reading

Thrillers - Other

White Collar Crimes and Financial Thrillers





Read an Excerpt


***This excerpt is from an advance uncorrected proof.***Copyright © 2014 by Joseph Finder  1Sometimes the smallest decision can change your life forever. Abe Lincoln’s bodyguard decides to stay for another drink at the bar at Ford’s Theatre during intermission.The archduke’s driver makes a wrong turn in Sarajevo because he refuses to ask for directions. (Men, right?)You finally listen to your know-it-all brother-in-law and invest everything you have with a guy named Bernie Madoff. Steady returns, dude. A no-brainer.The tyranny of small decisions, someone once called it. The gate of history turns on small hinges.Danny Goodman’s nightmare began with a quick handshake and a friendly smile.Whenever he drove up to his daughter’s private school, the Lyman Academy, Danny couldn’t help thinking of stately Wayne Manor, the baronial mansion outside Gotham City where Batman lives as Bruce Wayne. If only he were driving the Batmobile instead of a 1997 Honda Accord.Lyman was the most exclusive private girls’ school in Boston, and most of the other cars in the pickup line were gleaming luxury SUVs: Range Rovers or Mercedes-Benzes or Land Cruisers. Today, though, Abby would be spared the public humiliation of an Accord sighting, because her father had arrived twenty minutes early for the afternoon pickup. He had an appointment with the head of the Upper School, Tinsley Thornton, whom everybody called Lally.Lally. No wonder the place made Danny uncomfortable.He parked in the side lot, where the teachers parked, and where his  dented old Honda didn’t look quite so out of place.The office of the head of the Upper School was at the end of a long corridor next to the headmaster’s office and Admissions, which might as well have been labeled rejections. You either had to know someone—several someones—to get into Lyman or be able to write a check sizable enough to build a new library. Danny had been fortunate: The foundation his late wife, Sarah, had worked for was endowed by a guy who also happened to be chairman of Lyman’s board of trustees.Lally Thornton welcomed him to her large, oak-paneled office with a concerned look, clutching his hand in two of hers. Her steel-gray hair was held back with a black velvet headband. She wore a black turtleneck, a double strand of pearls, and perfume with the strong floral smell of urinal cake. Her air of lethal graciousness always reminded Danny of that socialite girls’-school headmistress who shot the diet doctor years ago.“Is everything all right with Abby at home?” she asked with hushed concern, settling into a low brocade chair while Danny sat on the couch at a right angle to her.“Oh, yeah, she’s—doing well.” He swallowed hard. “It must be so difficult for her.”He nodded. “But you know, Abby’s a strong kid.” “Losing a mother at her age. What a terrible thing.”Danny nodded. She must have just reviewed the file. “I had a quick question about the Italy trip,” he said.She lit up. “It is such a profound experience,” she said. “You’ll see. It changes them. They come back different people—more aware of the world, more appreciative of different cultures, and, well, it seems to just dissolve all those cliques, all those silly tensions between the girls. I’d even call it transformative. Abby—oh, she’s going, isn’t she?”“Well, see, that’s the question.”“She must. She absolutely must. It’s the trip of a lifetime.”He blotted his damp palms on the knees of his suit pants. “Right, I know, I’ve heard. . . . But Abby—well, you know how idealistic these girls can be at that age. She’s sort of concerned that some of her classmates might find it difficult to go.”“Difficult?”“The five thousand dollars, I mean. Not everyone can afford it, and, you know, that bothers her.” Danny tried to sound casual. As if he were a hedge fund tycoon with a social conscience. Instead of a writer whose advance on his latest book had run out months ago.What Lally apparently didn’t know was that he was more than a month late with this semester’s tuition. He had no idea how he could possibly come up with it—let alone five thousand bucks for a trip to Italy on top of that. Lyman had the biggest endowment of any private school in the United States. He was fairly certain they’d squeak by a bit longer without his lousy sixteen thousand dollars.He imagined her reply: Why, that five-thousand-dollar fee, that’s merely a suggestion, a recommendation. Of course it’s waived if it’s a hardship for any family.He felt a single fat bead of sweat trickle down behind his left ear, then down the side of his neck, and under his shirt collar.“Isn’t that thoughtful of her? Well, you tell Abby that if any of her friends aren’t going to Italy because of the money, their parents should say something to Leah Winokur right away. We have scholarships for deserving minorities.”“Of course.” He’d come here to try and finagle something that might enable Abby to go to Italy. A price break, maybe. A loan. Something. A scholarship for minorities didn’t exactly help. The only minority that Abby Goodman, blond-haired and blue-eyed, belonged to at this school was Girls Whose Parents Didn’t Have a Summer House. “You know, I do wonder whether it might be difficult for other parents, too—not minorities but not, you know, the very wealthy. To pay that kind of money on top of everything else.”“I doubt most Lyman parents would consider that a hardship. After all, no one has to go to Italy.”With a smile as cold as a pawnbroker’s, she said, “Was there anything else?”2The halls were crowded with teenage girls. It rang with squeals and shouts and laughter. Some of them walked arm in arm or hugged one another. Danny often marveled at how affectionate girls that age were, and couldn’t help contrasting them with teenage boys, who smelled like old gym socks and zit cream and expressed affection by punching one another  on the shoulder.He waited for Abby with a deep sense of dread.Not going on the Italy trip, she’d said, would be social death. She’d be a pariah. He’d told her he’d think about it. He’d see what he could do.Meeting with Lally Thornton had been a desperation move, a Hail Mary pass that didn’t complete. No need to let Abby in on just how bad things were. How they were basically living on fumes. He wanted her life to be as normal as possible, given the circumstances.She was doing better than a lot of girls her age would have done. She was strong, but her mother’s death had hit her hard. For months, her de- fault expression had been a Darth Vader mask of anger. Who could blame her?He didn’t look forward to giving her the bad news about the one thing she was looking forward to.From behind him came a rumbling basso profundo. “Oh, Danny boy, the pipes, the pipes,” sang a school security guard, Leon Chisholm. He was a black man of about sixty with close-cropped white hair and a wide, open face. He wore wire-rimmed glasses and had a gap between his front teeth; the vibe was part professor, part prizefighter. He’d spent twenty years with the Boston Police Department, so he was probably able to handle a few mean girls in Lululemon yoga pants.“Officer,” Danny said with a grin and clapped him companionably on the shoulder. When Leon’s oldest daughter, Rebecca, had graduated from Bunker Hill Community College—the first in the family to go to college— Danny had helped her get a job with a publisher in Boston. Leon liked Danny, one of the few Lyman dads who said hi and actually chitchatted with him. To most other Lyman parents, Leon was invisible.Then Danny caught a glimpse of Abby near the front lobby—her silvery metallic fringed scarf, then her face. Smiling, which surprised him. He couldn’t remember when he’d last seen her smile. She was walking arm in arm with her new BFF, Jenna Galvin.Jenna Galvin seemed to be Abby’s polar opposite: She was small and dark-haired and chubby, where Abby was slender and graceful and blond. Jenna seemed sour, aloof, even arrogant, whereas Abby was sweet-natured and sociable. Or had been, anyway, until six months ago. Jenna had just transferred to Lyman as a junior, which was unusually late to start a new school, and had apparently been an outcast there. Abby, empathic as ever, and maybe also a bit rebellious, had felt bad for the new girl and befriended her. Now they were inseparable.Abby’s face lit up when she saw her father, which was disorienting— was she smiling at someone else? She maneuvered nimbly through the teeming horde of girls and threw her arms around him.First uncoerced hug in eleven months, Danny thought. But who’s counting?“Oh my God, Daddy, thank you!”For what? he wanted to say.She hugged him even harder. He still hadn’t gotten used to how tall she’d grown. “Thank you thank you thank you. I just saw my name on the Italy trip list. I knew you’d let me go. You are so awesome.”“Abby, honey—”Jenna touched her arm. “My dad’s here, come on.” A sleek silver-haired man in an expensive-looking camel-colored suit entered the lobby and gave Jenna a kiss.“Abby, wait—what are you talking about?” Danny said.But Abby didn’t hear him. She’d turned around and was talking toJenna. Abby said, “I know, right?” before turning back to her father. “Daddy, is it okay if I go home with Jenna?”He felt a flash of irritation. She never seemed to want to spend time at home. But he said only, “Well, I don’t know. I’d rather not have to drive out to Weston to pick you up.”“Esteban will take her home,” Jenna said.Esteban was the Galvins’ driver. Jenna’s father was some kind of investor and had a lot of money, even by Lyman standards.“Abby,” Danny said, but then someone tapped him on the shoulder. He turned.The silver-haired man. Thomas Galvin.He appeared to be in his late forties. His blue-gray eyes were like steel against his deep tan. His suit was exquisitely cut, his pale blue shirt perfectly pressed, his tie neatly knotted. Everything in place. Danny’s crappy sport coat, which he’d bought off the discount rack at the Men’s Wearhouse Black Friday sale, felt itchy.“Just wanted to introduce myself,” the man said, offering his hand. “Tom Galvin.”“Dan Goodman.”Abby was already out the front door with Jenna. “Nice to meet Abby’s dad. She’s terrific.”“Most of the time,” Danny said with a grin. “Jenna couldn’t ask for a better friend.” “Well, it’s great to meet you, too.”“Listen, thanks for letting me kick in on that Italy thing.” He had the accent of a kid out of Southie.“Kick in?”“Abby has been a lifesaver for our Jenna. You have no idea.” “Hold on a second. You paid for Abby’s trip to Italy?”“For totally selfish reasons, trust me.” He lowered his voice to a confidential mutter. “This is Jenna’s fourth school in three years. She was already begging to leave until she started hanging out with Abby. And she sure as hell doesn’t want to go with the class to Italy if Abby’s not going.” Danny’s cheeks grew hot. He was astonished, and embarrassed. And angry, though he rarely let anyone see his anger.How much had Abby told her friend? She couldn’t possibly know how bad their financial situation was, but she must have said something. This was beyond embarrassing; it was demeaning. This rich guy was treating them like a charity case.“That’s extremely generous of you,” he said, “but I can’t accept it.” “Please. It’s for my daughter.”“I’m sorry. I’ll call the bursar and set them straight. But I really do appreciate the thought.” He smiled, then turned and pushed through the front doors.The sun dazzled his eyes. A gleaming black Maybach limousine was parked at the curb. It had to belong to Galvin. A man in a uniform of black suit, white shirt, and black tie approached Abby and Jenna with a cardboard Starbucks take-out tray and handed them each a cup. Galvin’s chauffeur must have gone on a Starbucks run.“Thanks, Esteban,” Abby said. She turned as Danny emerged, beaming excitedly, her eyes shining. “Everything okay, Daddy?”He beckoned her over. “Boogie,” he began quietly, using the pet name he never used around anyone else.“Oh God, I’m so so so excited,” she interrupted. Then followed a tor- rent of words—pasta and gelato and shopping—that Danny couldn’t quite follow. She grabbed both of his elbows. “I’m going to Italy!” she almost sang.He hadn’t seen her this happy in years. Dimples had appeared on her cheeks, her smile so wide it looked like her face might crack in two.Now what? Tell her there’d been a mix-up?Danny had once made the mistake of opening a link a friend had sent him. It was something called a crush video. It showed a woman stepping on a tiny kitten with her stiletto heels. It was one of the sickest, most disturbing things he’d ever seen, and he wished he could unsee it.Telling Abby the Italy trip wasn’t going to happen would feel a bit like that.“Dan,” Galvin said by way of greeting as he came out the front door, lowering his BlackBerry.Danny approached and said, in a low voice, “I can only accept this if you’ll let me pay you back.”Galvin’s eyebrows shot up. He nodded solemnly. “If you don’t, I’ll send my goons after you.” He gave Danny a wry smile.“I mean, no offense, but it’s a little awkward. We don’t even know each other.”“Which is crazy, right? Given how close Abby and Jenna are? Listen, come over for dinner tomorrow night, wouldja? The boys are home from college, and they love Abby, and Celina is making her famous arroz con pollo.”What could he say? The guy was shelling out for his daughter’s trip to Italy. Dinner with his family was the least he could do.Much later, he’d replay that moment over and over again in his head. He thrust out his hand and smiled. “Sounds great,” he said. “Thanks a lot.”3When Danny opened the door of the two-bedroom on Marlborough Street, he was greeted by the loud thumping of a dog’s tail against the floor. Rex, their arthritic chocolate Lab, struggled to get up from his bed near the kitchen.“That’s okay, buddy, no need to get up for my sake,” he said, coaxing Rex back down onto the plaid dog bed, stroking his graying coat, massaging his haunches. Rex was thirteen years old, which was old for the breed. His muzzle had gone silver, his amber eyes clouded with an opaque cataract haze. He’d belonged to Sarah, went with her after the divorce, and then had moved in with Abby. The old boy, profligate with affection, had heroically gotten Abby through her mother’s death.The red message light on Danny’s phone was blinking.Eight voice mails. Seven from one particularly odious and persistent collections agent named Tony Santangelo of Asset Recovery Solutions, who seemed to have trained at the Bada Bing school of debt collection. His “solution” was to “garnish” Danny’s wages.Garnish. Such a benign-sounding word. Like parsley sprigs and radish roses.And what wages?He’d replayed, over and over, that odd exchange with Tom Galvin. Thanks for letting me kick in on that Italy thing. Who was the guy, really? In the age of the Internet, the information had to be out there, and Danny, if nothing else, was an ace researcher.Sitting at his desk in the small alcove off the living room that was now his “study”—his office had become Abby’s bedroom—Danny opened a browser on his old MacBook Pro. LinkedIn had a long list of Thomas Galvins. Halfway down that roster was a Thomas X. Galvin who’d graduated from Boston College, worked for Putnam Investments, and was the founder, chief executive, chief investment officer, and managing director of Galvin Advisers on Saint James Avenue in Boston.Bingo.Rex, who was now curled atop Danny’s shoes, heaved a long soulful sigh and nuzzled even closer.Galvin Advisers of Boston, Mass. The website was nothing more than a secure portal, a page showing an overhead view of Boston’s Financial District, and a log-in box that asked for user name and password. Above it, the words: “This website is intended solely for the employees and investors of Galvin Advisers.”Danny’s girlfriend, Lucy Lindstrom, arrived with dinner in a white plastic bag. Takeout from a place on Newbury Street: a salad for her and linguine with shrimp scampi for him. He could smell the garlic, the warm olive oil, oregano, a vinegary bite.She leaned over to stroke Rex’s face, causing him to close his eyes in bliss. Then she gave Danny a squeeze and a kiss. Her hair gave off a faint whiff of cigarette, which told Danny she’d spent the day doing outreach. She was a psychiatrist for the Boston Health Care for the Homeless Program, and she spent two days a week on the streets of Boston, trying to bribe and wheedle homeless people to come in and get treated.She wore a pale gray turtleneck under a blue V-neck sweater with black jeans and a great old pair of black leather boots that Danny loved seeing her in. She was wearing her chunky black glasses, which Danny was convinced she used to make herself plainer, and thus less vulnerable, at work. It gave her a sort of winsomely studious look.They’d been going out for three years, but they’d known each other since freshman year at Columbia. Back then, before life had kicked them both around, Lucy Lindstrom seemed unattainable. To Danny, she was the It Girl of his college class. She had blond hair that came down in unruly ripples to her shoulders, a sharp nose and chin, blue-gray eyes, a dazzling smile, an endearing overbite.Back then, she’d been way out of his league. Frankly, she still was.The two decades since college had etched faint lines around her mouth and vertical worry lines between her pale eyebrows. It wasn’t just the years; she’d also survived an unhappy first marriage.Danny knew she was overly sensitive about the signs of aging, indoctrinated like most women by fashion magazinesDanny couldn’t care less. He thought Lucy was more beautiful now than when she was a freshman.She set the round foil take-out pans on the dining table and eased off their cardboard lids.“Hard day?”“Mostly a lot of walking around. I need a shower.” Lucy never complained about her work. He admired that. “Glass of wine first?”“Sure, why not?”He pulled the cork out of a chilled bottle of Sancerre, and poured them each a glass. They clinked. The wine was crisp, citrus and chalky.“Street outreach?”She nodded. “There was this guy at South Station today, sleeping on a bench. He looks like he’s seventy, but he could be ten years younger—you know how the street ages them. Well, the police tried to take him to one of our day shelters, but he refused to go. Really fought with them. So I tried.”She looked pained, as if reliving the moment. And at the same time tender, transported. She felt a deep connection with the homeless guys. As far as Danny was concerned, they were vagrants and bums, but they were Lucy’s children, her wards, not her patients.“I told him it’s getting to be really cold at night and he should sleep at the Night Center, not out on the street. But he said people were tampering with his food and they’ll get to him if he goes to sleep. He started babbling—all kinds of nonsense. Word salad.”He nodded. “Paranoid schizophrenic.” He found her work fascinating but also fundamentally baffling: How could she bear taking care of people who didn’t want her help?“Probably. We need to get him on Risperdal, but first I need to get him to talk. So I asked if I could sit with him and he said no. I said I just wanted to help. He said, ‘What the hell can you do for me?’ So I said, ‘Well, I have cigarettes.’ And he said, ‘Oh, okay.’” She took a sip of wine.Danny laughed. “Suddenly you couldn’t shut him up.”“I gave him a five-dollar gift certificate for McDonald’s, a cigarette, and a pair of white tube socks.”“So he’s coming in to see you?”She shook her head. “Later, maybe. First I have to get him to trust me. But you know, there’s something really . . . moving about this guy.”“How so?”“There’s an intelligence in there. A really great, interesting mind locked away, deep inside. It’s sort of heartbreaking.”The phone rang.No, he thought. Don’t let it be Tony Santangelo from Asset Recovery Solutions again. He was about to let it go to voice mail when he checked the caller ID: 212 area code and the name of his literary agency, Levitan Freed Associates.His agent, Mindy Levitan, rarely called except when she was in the middle of negotiating a deal for him.It couldn’t be good news.“How’s life in the salt mines?” Mindy said. She had a raspy voice from years of smoking, which she’d only recently been able to quit with the help of a Russian hypnotist.“Excellent,” he lied. “Deep into it.” For several years now, he’d been working on a biography of a nineteenth-century robber baron named Jay Gould.“Good, good. That’s what I like to hear.” She said it without enthusiasm. “So listen, Danny. Sorry to call you at suppertime, but I just got into my country house and checked my messages. And I got a call from Louisa.” Louisa Penniman was Danny’s editor. She was a legendary editor of “serious” nonfiction. She’d made her bones on “inside the Beltway” books about politics and a couple of presidential memoirs. She was widely feared and even more widely disliked.“You’re breaking up,” Danny said. “I’m losing you.”“Nice try. We’re both on landlines. Listen, this is serious, Danny. She wants to cancel the book.4Danny felt his mouth go dry. “She wants to cancel because I’m a few months late?” “First, kiddo, it’s not ‘a few’ months, it’s fifteen months—” “Okay, but—”“You know how bad things are in the industry. Publishers are all freaking out about e-books. They’re looking for any excuse to cancel contracts these days.”“Was there ever a time when things weren’t bad in publishing?” Mindy gave a quick, rueful laugh, more a bark. “Louisa Penniman doesn’t screw around.”“This isn’t just a threat? I mean, you think—she’s actually serious?” “As cancer,” Mandy said. Then, quickly, she added: “Sorry. Bad choice of words.”Mindy Levitan had gotten him a bigger advance for his biography of Jay Gould than he’d ever expected. It helped that his first book, The Kennedys of Boston, had been a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize, even though it didn’t sell particularly well. Or actually win the Pulitzer, for that matter.Also, he had to admit that his proposal had been damned good. Even better was Mindy’s pitch to publishers: No one knows who Jay Gould is anymore, she’d written in her cover e-mail. Yet no one had heard of some Olympic track star shot down in World War II, but Unbroken was a massive bestseller. Nor had anyone heard of a serial killer who menaced Chicago during the World’s Fair, which didn’t stop readers from buying The Devil in the White City: It’s all in how the story is told.And Danny knew how to tell the story. Jay Gould was a railroad speculator and a strikebreaker and one of the richest men in America, an inside trader and a virtuoso at bribery, a scammer and a liar who actually bragged about being “the most hated man in America.”Random House, HarperCollins, and Simon & Schuster had all bid, but Louisa at Triangle had topped them all. The money sounded good at first—until you subtracted Mindy’s fifteen percent and spread the payments out over the three years, at least, it would take him to write the book. Plus, a big chunk of the money wouldn’t come in until the trade paperback was published, at least a year after the hardcover. Not that he was complaining: He got to do what he loved, and if he lived frugally and didn’t go on any trips to the Caribbean, he could have made it.But then came the call from Sarah.His ex-wife had just gotten the results of a biopsy. There’d been no lump, nothing on a mammogram. Just a little warmth and redness in one breast she noticed one day. The skin felt different, hard and taut like an orange. Her lymph nodes were enlarged. Her doctor had told her it was probably an insect bite, and he’d prescribed antibiotics.Her doctor was wrong.The survival rates for inflammatory breast cancer weren’t great. She was a single mom, and she was frightened.One minute Danny was researching the Great Southwest Railroad Strike of 1886, and the next he was Googling estrogen receptors. Sarah’s second husband had taken a job at a firm in Manhattan, and their eventual breakup had been acrimonious. And the guy was a jerk, as Sarah had finally come to realize. She needed Danny’s help.He began eating a lot of cafeteria meals at the Dana-Farber cancer center.For the first time in years, his daughter actually seemed to need him around, too. She needed a steadying presence. She also needed someone to drive her to dance practice and play rehearsals and sleepovers. While he waited in the cramped back room of the dance studio, he researched chemotherapy and radiation and hyperthermia and raw apricot seeds and vitamin B17.And Jay Gould moved to the back burner.Because Mr. Gould, as fascinating as he was, wasn’t as important as Danny’s daughter, or his ex-wife, whom he’d never stopped loving even when she stopped loving him.“Danny?” “What?”“I said, we need to figure out what’s next. How soon can you get me a hundred, hundred fifty pages? To see if we can keep them on the reservation. Keep her from canceling.”“You think that’ll do it?”“Might. Who knows? It’s the only card I have to play. So you’ll do it?” Danny wasn’t even close to having a decent hundred-plus pages, and he wouldn’t be for at least a month. But if the book was canceled, there went his entire income stream.Danny swallowed hard. “No problem,” he said.5Lucy looked at him, arched her brows, and smiled sadly. “How bad?” “Very.” He told her what Mindy had to say. And about his meeting with the head of school.And then about the surprise loan from Thomas Galvin.“Oh,” she said. “That’s generous.” She didn’t sound enthusiastic. “Lucy.”She avoided his eyes. “Let’s hear it,” he said.“Well, are you sure that’s really a good idea?” “Why not?”“I just think it’s weird for this guy who doesn’t even know you to pay for your daughter to go on a trip.”“It’s unusual, I’ll give you that. Though he invited us over for dinner tomorrow night.”“I work tomorrow night. I mean, if I was even invited. Does Abby know about this?”“I don’t think so.”“Never underestimate teenage girls. They notice everything. And they can be manipulative. Believe me, I used to be one.”“Maybe.”“I just think it’s not a good idea to borrow money from this guy you barely know. It just—well, it sends up a red flag.”“You know what’s not a good idea? Charging five thousand bucks for a friggin’ school trip to Italy. The way this school just takes for granted that parents can shell out that kind of money.”“You’re just figuring this out?”“No, but it still annoys me. What it’s doing to Abby.” “So we’re really talking about Abby’s new friend.”“Abby gets driven home from the Galvins by a Hispanic servant wearing a chauffeur’s uniform, okay? There’s something wrong with that.” “I wouldn’t mind it.”“She’s a kid. And it’s not her life. It’s someone else’s.”“Exactly. That’s not her life, and she knows it. That kind of thing isn’t going to turn her head.”“How could it not? It’s like when someone says to you, ‘Doesn’t that tag inside the neck of your T-shirt bother you? Doesn’t it itch?’ And all of a sudden, what do you know?—it does itch. That tag starts driving you crazy.”“The itch being—what? Living with a father who adores her but doesn’t happen to be a zillionaire?”They heard the squeak of the front-door hinges, the thud of Abby putting down her backpack, the thump-thump-thump of Rex’s tail against the floor. Abby was talking to the dog as if he were either a young child or a moron. “How was your day, Rex? Have you been a good boy? Oh, why is your collar still on?” The dog’s prong collar jingled. “Let’s ask Daddy if he remembered to take you out for a walk.”When she walked to the kitchen, she looked more like a woman, less like a girl. In the couple of months since she’d become best friends with Jenna, she’d started dressing differently. Instead of her everyday uniform of light blue Juicy sweatpants and a plaid fleece-lined flannel shirt, untucked, she’d wear preppy-looking twin sets and leggings. She’d started using makeup. He wanted to tell her to stop, slow down. You have your whole life to be a grown-up. You only get to be a girl for a few years.“For you.” She pulled an envelope from the pile and dropped it on the table. He recognized the cream-colored paper stock of a Lyman Academy envelope. “Looks like another bill,” she said. “Are we behind on the tuition again?”“We’re fine,” he said. “Nothing to worry about. You have dinner yet? I’ve got some shrimp and linguine left, if you want it. Or I could make, I don’t know, macaroni and cheese?”“No, thanks,” she said, her tone softening a bit. “I ate at the Galvins’.” “Great,” he said, trying to sound upbeat. Lately she’d been having dinner most nights with Jenna and her family. Who could blame her? Dinner with just the two of them was often strained, punctuated by long silences. But still . . .“I guess I get to meet them tomorrow night.” She nodded. “I know. You’ll like them a lot.”“Hey, Abby,” said Lucy, coming up from behind and giving Abby a quick peck on the cheek. “I love those flats. Tory Burch?”Abby looked uncomfortable but, at the same time, pleased. “I guess.” Danny used to worry about how his daughter would get along with his girlfriend. But she and Lucy seemed to be friends. Maybe it was because Lucy never tried to take Sarah’s place. Maybe it was because Abby wanted another mother figure in her life. Maybe it was because Sarah had married a man Abby didn’t like.“They’re so cute,” Lucy said. “Are they new?” Danny asked.Abby’s face reddened. She looked around theatrically and said, “What is this, like, the Style Network? Um, can I go do my homework now, please?”“In a moment,” Danny said. “We’re talking.”Abby folded her arms and compressed her lips, making it clear how much talking she planned to do.“I asked, are those shoes new?”Abby looked at him steadily for a long moment, as if deciding how to reply. Finally, she said, “They’re a gift from the Galvins, okay?”“That’s so nice,” Lucy said, trying to calm the waters. She busied herself at the dining table, which was piled with books and papers and junk mail. She was smart enough not to get involved any further.“A gift? For what occasion?”“Occasion?” Abby’s eyes widened. “I mean, for standing there like a dork, watching Jenna buy stuff when we were at the Natick Mall this afternoon, because I don’t have a credit card and I don’t have any money, and she probably just felt sorry for me.”“She felt sorry for you?”“She has her own Platinum American Express card and I don’t even have, like, a debit card.”“That’s terrible. How can a girl show her face if she doesn’t have a Platinum AmEx card?” Abby smoldered silently.“If you wanted to buy something, you could have called me. You know that.”“And you would have said no.”“Maybe yes, maybe no. But at least you should have asked.”“Oh yeah, sure, I could see that. Like, ‘Hi, Dad, I just saw the cutest pair of Tory Burch flats and Jenna just bought a pair and can I have two hundred dollars to buy them, too?’ Like you would have said yes? At least why don’t you be honest with yourself?”“Two hundred dollars?” Danny said. “You’re damned right I would have said no.” “See?”Obviously, his daughter didn’t mind receiving charity from the Galvins. “You girls spent the afternoon at a shopping mall? What about your homework?”“I didn’t have my laptop with me.” “Why not?”“You’re talking about that MacBook that weighs, like, a thousand pounds? I don’t think so.”“You carried it around all last year and didn’t mind.”“And the year before and the year before and the year before. It’s a dinosaur. It should, like, be on Antiques Roadshow or whatever.”He tried not to laugh. “If you need a new laptop, we can talk about it,” he said. “Until then, why don’t you invite Jenna over here sometime? Maybe you two can actually get some homework done.”Abby stared with incredulity. “Are you serious?”“If you’re concerned about privacy, I can go out and work somewhere while you girls are here. Find a Starbucks, whatever.”“You don’t get it, do you?” “What am I not getting?”“You think I want her to see this . . . this veal cage we live in?” Danny couldn’t help bursting out laughing.“It’s not funny!” she protested.“Of course it’s not, sweetie,” Danny said. When her mother was well, before her second marriage broke up, Abby had lived in a rambling old six-bedroom Victorian in Chestnut Hill that belonged to her stepfather, a partner in a big Boston law firm. Now she had no stepfather—not that she minded that—and no rambling house, and no mother.He came closer, tried to put his arms around her, but she bucked away. “I just want to make sure you give yourself enough time to do your homework. This is a really important year. You know that. This fall, you’ll be applying to colleges, and—”“Seriously?” she said, stiffening. “Seriously?” Then, yelling: “I don’t believe this!”She spun around and ran into her bedroom and slammed the door. Lucy glanced up from the dining table, gave a sad smile. She didn’t need to say anything. She felt bad for both father and daughter; she understood the complexity. Her marriage, to an architect, had broken up, though amicably; her son, Kyle, was a sophomore at Bowdoin. She’d been through all this.She ran her fingers through Danny’s hair. “No one ever said teenagers were easy,” she murmured.6Lucy woke early and made coffee for the two of them before leaving for work. Danny managed to get in a solid hour of writing before he  heard the music coming from Abby’s room.Thumping, floor-vibrating bass, some kind of hip-hop. It wasn’t so long ago that Abby awoke to some sweet twangy ballad by Taylor Swift or one of her many clones. Now everything she listened to sounded the same: Auto-Tuned vocal tricks and rants about being “on the floor” in “the club.” Twenty minutes later, he was sitting at the dining table reading The Boston Globe and sipping coffee from an oversize white mug that said I ♥ My Daddy in the spindly printing of a five-year-old. The Y looked like Poseidon’s trident. Abby had made it at a friend’s birthday party at a clay workshop in Brookline where kids decorated ready-made pieces of ceramic pottery. Over a decade ago, and he remembered it as if it were a few months.Abby emerged from the bathroom in a steam cloud, wearing a bathrobe, hair wet from the shower. She came over to the small kitchen without acknowledging his presence and poured herself a bowl of Cinnamon Roll Frosted Mini-Wheats, doused it with Lactaid milk, and brought it over to the dining table.“Any left for me?” she asked as she sat down. “Any what?”“That.” She pointed at his coffee mug.He grinned. “You’re too young to get hooked on caffeine.”She slid the pile of mail in front of her and began flipping idly through the envelopes. “I mean, it’s so not a big deal when I sleep over at the Galvins’. Celina always makes café con leche for Jenna and me.”“Celina is their housekeeper? Or their cook?”“Keep up, Dad. She’s Jenna’s mom.” She picked up the cream-stock envelope from Lyman and slid a finger under the flap. He didn’t want her looking at the reminder note—no need for her to worry—but he also didn’t want to make too big a deal of it, so he said nothing.“Well, you’re not at the Galvins’, are you?” he said, and he couldn’t hide his smile.He’d solemnly sworn, when Sarah and he first saw that whooshing heartbeat on the fetal monitor, never to say all those trite, predictable things that all parents seem to say. Like: As long as you live under my roof, you’ ll live by my rules and Because I said so and I don’t care what the other kids do and Don’t make me stop this car.He put the milk away in the refrigerator, and then he heard a high-pitched sound, a stifled cry, and he whirled around.Abby was holding the Lyman letter in a trembling hand. The paper rattled. Her face had gone pale.“Hey, don’t worry about it,” he said. “The check’s a little late. I have to move some money around.”She was crying with an abandon that Danny had seen her do only once before, in the hospital room right after Sarah had died. There was barely any sound. Like she was gasping for breath. Or hiccupping. Her eyes were wide, her mouth open and downturned. She looked almost in shock. Tears streamed down her cheeks.Danny felt his insides clutch. She was overreacting, but he couldn’t stand seeing her in pain. “Boogie,” he said softly, coming over to her and circling his arms around her shoulders from behind. “Abby. Baby, what’s wrong?” He glanced at the letter and felt his stomach drop. Even though he glimpsed only fragments of sentences, it was enough to understand:. . . regret to inform . . . leave us no choice . . . immediate payment is received. . . . Abigail’s school records . . . assist in the transfer to another school . . .Unless Lyman Academy received sixteen thousand dollars by twelve p.m. on Friday—three days from then—Abby would have to leave the school.He squeezed her tight, her tears scalding his forearm, her chest heaving. “Listen,” he said, softly yet firmly, “that’s not going to happen, okay?” Then came a rush of words in one terrible anguished sob, most of which he couldn’t make out. Just the words “all my friends” and “Daddy.”The shape of her mouth when she’d let out a cry was precisely the same as it had been seconds after she’d been born, when the nurse had taken her, all of six pounds, from the obstetrician’s gloved hands, swaddling her ex- pertly in a blanket, and put her down on the warming table. Then this tiny infant had curled her tiny hands into fists and let out a great big gusty cry, the first of her life, announcing, Hey, I’m here!And he knew he’d always do everything in his power to protect this little creature.“Sweetie,” he said. “Listen to me. Don’t even think about it. That is not going to happen. You have my word.”But he knew his assurances were hollow, his promises empty, and he wondered whether she knew it, too.7Danny had been late with the tuition once before: last semester, in fact. But the bursar’s office had let him slide for a few weeks. They must have gotten marching orders from the administration to be compassionate, since Abby’s mother had died over the summer.But Lyman’s compassion apparently had its limits.He had no pull at the school. The guy whose foundation Sarah had worked for, who’d been chairman of the Lyman board, had died of a stroke a couple of years ago.So he decided to go straight to the top.“I’m having sort of a silly little problem I thought you might be able to help me with,” he told Lally Thornton when he finally got her on the phone. “Seems I’m a bit late with this semester’s tuition—it’s mostly a matter of liquidity. Moving money around and such. But I should have it cleared up in a week or so.”He paused, waited for her to say something reassuring. But there was only silence. Then she said, “And?”Finally, he went on: “I thought you might be able to reassure the bursar’s office for me.”“I’m sorry, I don’t follow.”“You know, we got a form letter about Abby having to leave Lyman if the bursar doesn’t receive a check by Friday or whatever. They’re being pretty hard-line about it.”“Well, I’m not sure I understand why you called me, Mr. Goodman. This is a matter for the bursar’s office. Not for the head of the upper school.”“I’ve already spoken with them—”“So I understand.” Her tone had become downright icy. “You’re not asking that an exception be made for you, I trust.”“Not an exception per se, but—well, a little leeway is all. A little compassion, really.”“I’m sorry, Mr. Goodman. I wish I could help. Please ask Abby to send me a note once she’s settled at her new school, tell me how she’s doing. I really am so fond of her.”Even if he could bring himself to ask Lucy to lend him money, he knew she didn’t have it to lend. She was barely getting by herself. So that was out.His parents, Helen and Bud, lived modestly and always had, in the same small house in a development in Wellfleet, Massachusetts, on Cape Cod, where Danny had grown up. His dad was a contractor and a finish carpenter and a decent man, but he was irascible. He was a man who didn’t take guff. He was always pissing people off. At the same time, he was a good person; he always paid his construction crew better than anyone else. Whenever any of them ran into trouble, he’d bail them out, lend them money and not keep track of what he was owed.When he retired, he had hardly any savings. He and Danny’s mother lived off Social Security.Danny had no one to borrow the money from. At least, no family or friends. He tried to remember why he was so uncomfortable about accepting a loan from Thomas Galvin for the Italy trip. Pride? That didn’t seem like such a compelling reason anymore. He imagined a balance scale with his pride on one side—looking like some raw, shapeless, pulsing, purplish internal organ—and Abby’s happiness on the other; he imagined Abby as a chubby laughing baby wearing only a diaper. The chubby baby easily outweighed the pulsing blob. What had he been thinking? If he had jewelry to pawn, or anything of value to sell, he’d do it in a split second. If he knew a Vinny Icepick, he’d borrow sixteen large.He had to find some money somewhere, somehow . . . and soon.



Show More




What People are Saying About This


From the Publisher
“A novel that is as timely and cognizant of contemporary society as it is a startling seat of the pants thrill ride.”—Michael Connelly, #1 New York Times bestselling author“Suspicion is Joseph Finder at the absolute top of his form.”—Tess Gerritsen, New York Times bestselling author“An irresistible page-turner…Expertly paced and unpredictable.”—Kirkus Reviews“When you’re caught within the propulsive pages of [this] neatly constructed novel you pretty much just give yourself over to it.”—Boston Globe“Suspicion is arguably Joseph Finder's best novel to date, and he's one of the best thriller writers in the business. He's a master.”—Associated Press










Meet the Author








JOSEPH FINDER is the New York Times bestselling author of ten previous novels, including Vanished and Buried Secrets. Finder’s international bestseller Killer Instinct won the International Thriller Writer’s Thriller Award for Best Novel of 2006. Other bestselling titles include Paranoia and High Crimes, which both became major motion pictures. He lives in Boston.










Customer Reviews

Average Review: 



Write a Review


Post to your social network

 
 
 






Most Helpful Customer Reviews


See all customer reviews






































BARNES JOSEPH - RAVENEL, SC - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



SC



RAVENEL



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            BARNES JOSEPH
                                    



 





















B 


BARNES JOSEPH
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



6130 ROBINSON ST RAVENEL, SC 29470
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2011
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts JOSEPH BARNES






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Barnes Joseph is located at 6130 Robinson St in Ravenel and has been in the business of Nonclassifiable Establishments since 2011. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







B

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
























Paranoia by Joseph Finder | NOOK Book (eBook) | Barnes & Noble®


















































Up to 15% Off with code SAVEMORE  




50% Off The Criterion Collection  




Favorite Paperbacks: Buy 2, Get the 3rd Free  




Explore The Trend Shop  



Membership
Gift Cards
Stores & Events
Help





BNLogo

Auto Suggestions are available once you type at least 3 letters. Use up and down arrow to review and enter to select.


AllBooksNOOK BooksNOOKTextbooksBargain BooksNewsstandTeensKidsToys & GamesHobbies & CollectiblesHome & GiftsMovies & TVMusic










items in your shopping bag.
Click to view the items in your shopping bag

You have













×

Uh-oh, it looks like your Internet Explorer is out of date. 
 For a better shopping experience, please upgrade
now.







!

  Javascript is not enabled in your browser. Enabling
JavaScript in your browser will allow you to experience all the
features of our site.     Learn
how to enable JavaScript on your browser


















 
 
 





Paranoia

3.0
3


by Joseph Finder, Juan Gabriel VásquezJoseph Finder




 
 All Formats & Editions



See All Formats & Editions





Adam Cassidy tiene veintiséis años y odia su empleo miserable en una compañía tecnológica. Cuando manipula el sistema para ayudar a un amigo, se encuentra que lo acusan de un delito federal. Su empresa, Corporate Security le ofrece una solución: o bien va a prisión o bien se convierte en espía industrial, un

See more details below





Paranoia available in
Paperback, NOOK Book



NOOK Book
(eBook)


$5.49


$5.49

 $5.99
 | Save 8%




Format
Format


from
$6.99
NOOK Book - $5.49













Sign In to Complete Instant Purchase




NOOK Devices
NOOK by Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.0 [Tab A and Tab 4]
NOOK by Samsung [Tab 4 10.1, S2 & E]
NOOK HD Tablet
NOOK HD+ Tablet
NOOK eReaders
NOOK Color
NOOK Tablet

Free NOOK Reading Apps
NOOK for Windows 8 Tablet
NOOK for iOS
NOOK for Android
NOOK Kids for iPad

PC or Mac
NOOK for PC



Available on compatible NOOK Devicesand the free NOOK Apps.





Want a NOOK? Explore Now






Buy As Gift





Get Free NOOK Book Sample




Save to Wishlist













De la página a la gran pantalla















Overview
Editorial Reviews
Product Details
Related Subjects
Read an Excerpt


Meet the author






Overview



Adam Cassidy tiene veintiséis años y odia su empleo miserable en una compañía tecnológica. Cuando manipula el sistema para ayudar a un amigo, se encuentra que lo acusan de un delito federal. Su empresa, Corporate Security le ofrece una solución: o bien va a prisión o bien se convierte en espía industrial, un infiltrado en el principal competidor de Corporate Security, Trion Sistems. Para ello, le preparan y le proporcionan información sobre el funcionamiento de Trion y, cuando finalmente empieza a trabajar allí, se convierte automáticamente en un empleado estrella, ascendiendo rápidamente a los puestos superiores y descubriendo por el camino, cualidades que desconocía que poseía. Su vida es perfecta, adora su trabajo, tiene un Porsche y su novia es la chica de sus sueños. Y todo lo que tiene que hacer ahora es traicionar a todos los que le rodean.


Advertising








Editorial Reviews


bn.com
The Barnes & Noble ReviewA fast-paced ride through the inner workings of corporate espionage, Joseph Finder's finely plotted novel of secret agendas and corruption unfolds in an expert fashion.
When low-level Wyatt Telecom employee Adam Cassidy is caught red-handed transfering funds to cover expenses for a friend's extravagant retirement party, the company gives him a choice: Face serious embezzlement charges or become a spy at Trion Systems, Wyatt's main competitor. Reluctantly, Adam gets himself hired on at Trion, where he soon finds himself on the fast track to everything he's ever wanted: wealth, respect, and the girl of his dreams.  But, as he faces the prospect of double-crossing everyone he cares about, it becomes clear that Adam has been duped and treachery lurks around every corner. 
Finder (High Crimes, The Zero Hour) knits clandestine situations and corrupt politics into a gripping story with plenty of twists.  Scenes play out with a hip, rollicking energy that propels the plot along with breakneck speed.  Though deceptively simple, this suspense tale works on several levels, with the crime element often taking a backseat to more personal matters.  Moral dilemmas and questions of professional ethics are subjects not often explored in run-of-the-mill thrillers, but Finder's shrewd understanding of conflicted human nature helps elevate Paranoia above most books in the genre. Tom Piccirilli

Publishers Weekly
Is it too early to declare Finder's fifth novel (after High  Crimes) the most entertaining thriller of 2004? Probably, but it  will be a surprise if another suspenser proves as much sheer fun  as Finder's robust tale of corporate espionage. Narrator Adam  Cassidy's trip to hell begins when he charges to the company an  unauthorized, very expensive party for a retiring blue-collar  laborer at their place of work, Wyatt Telecom. Caught, low-level  staffer Adam is given an offer he can't refuse by monstrously  slick and wealthy CEO Nick Wyatt: penetrate rival high-tech  giant Trion Systems and get the goods on Trion's killer new  products, or face a battery of felony charges. Adam accepts the  deal, and days later he's at Trion, along with false credentials  that persuade Trion that he was a key player at Wyatt Telecom,  rather than a cube-squatting shlub. Finder presents Adam's  thrust into Trion as the scary, grand adventure of a stranger in  a strange land, as Adam must contend with a new corporate  culture and a host of envious enemies, particularly once he's  tapped to be Trion founder Jock Goddard's personal assistant. As  Adam comes to admire, even to love, Jock, the demands by Wyatt  for ever better intel grate all the more. But if Adam refuses,  prison awaits, and anyway he loves his big new salary and perks,  not to mention his new, lovely Trion bedmate. Adam's love/hate  relationship with his bitter, dying dad and his fragmenting  friendship with a pal he's left behind add texture to the  relentless suspense, punctuated by tense cloak-and-dagger scenes  as Adam steals secrets from his new bosses. A first-rate  surprise ending packs a wallop. This novel is the real deal: a  thriller that actually will keep readers up way past their  bedtimes. (Jan. 20)  Forecast: High Crimes, filmed with Morgan Freeman and Ashley  Judd, hit bestseller lists in mass market. With a major push  from the publisher, including a five-city author tour, plus hot  word of mouth, this novel should do the same in hardcover and  has the potential to make Finder a household name. Rights sold  in seven countries; simultaneous audiobooks from Audio  Renaissance.   Copyright 2003 Reed Business Information.


Library Journal
Adam Cassidy is a slacker who has screwed up big time. He's only  a junior product-line manager at Wyatt Telecom, but he has  embezzled what turns out to be a shocking $78,000. The money  went to cover a retirement bash for a loading-dock foreman, to  give him the same splurge that executives get. Adam hates his  job, so he would not have minded being fired. Instead, he's  threatened by Corporate Security with up to 20 years in a  federal penitentiary unless he agrees to infiltrate their rival  company-Trion Systems. With Wyatt backing him at every step,  he's hired by Trion and soon finds himself an executive  assistant to the CEO, a man who treats him like a son. Adam,  whose own bitter father is dying of emphysema, is torn by  ethical dilemmas as he takes ever-greater risks to penetrate the  layers of security around Trion's latest project, the most  important technological breakthrough since the integrated  circuit. Don't start this book at 8:00 p.m. or you'll be up all  night. Finder's (Zero Hour) latest is a fun read with a hip  narrator, an engaging story set in a world rarely seen in  thrillers, and great suspense. Highly recommended for all  popular fiction collections. [Previewed in Prepub Alert, LJ  9/15/03.]-Ronnie H. Terpening, Univ. of Arizona, Tucson   Copyright 2003 Reed Business Information.


Kirkus Reviews
Despite a killer first printing and advance sales to Hollywood and seven other foreign countries, Finder's turn from Soviet spying to the corporate variety doesn't reach the heights of High Crimes (1998). Adam Cassidy doesn't take his midlevel job at Wyatt Communications seriously enough to worry about what will happen if a harmless but expensive prank leads to his dismissal. But when he's caught and confronted with the consequences, he sees that getting fired is the least of his problems. He's looking at 20 years in jail unless he allows CEO Nicholas Wyatt and his hired guns-menacing security director Arnold Meacham and insinuating executive coach Judith Bolton-to groom him as a corporate spy. His manners refined and his resume stuffed with impressive new lies, Adam interviews for a job with Wyatt's competitor Trion Systems, where his combination of ignorance, luck, and brass-in Finder's cleverest stroke-rockets him past his original boss, Dragon Lady Nora Sommers, her smilingly treacherous protege Chad Pierson, and even Machiavellian Chief Financial Officer Paul ("Cutthroat") Camilletti to the ultimate corridor of power: an office outside that of homespun founder/CEO Jock Goddard. Adam is resentful of the thugs pulling his strings back at Wyatt and beguiled by Goddard's instant acceptance of him as a surrogate son-an interest his own troubled relationship with his dying father makes him happy to reciprocate. So he's soon taking time off from spying on Goddard and Alana Jennings, the predecessor who's moved over to the Disruptive Technologies Unit, to bond with the first and bed the second, all the while looking nervously over his shoulder. The cardboard characters-especially Alana,whose relationship with Adam inspires not paranoia but mild impatience-seem to be waiting for the movie stars to fill them in and give them life in this upscale consumer fantasy (the Porsche! the haberdashery!) of industrial espionage. First printing of 150,000; film rights to Paramount; author tour. Agent: Molly Friedrich/Aaron M. Priest Agency


From the Publisher
“Paranoia is a knock-out--a fresh, original and compelling novel that is impossible to put down.” Daniel Silva“A fresh voice, terrific characters, and high-octane suspense.” Harlan Coben, author of Tell No One“Paranoia is the real thing--a sleek, hip and fast-paced thriller that gets its hooks in you from the very first page.” Lisa Scottoline, author of Dead Ringer“Sharp, wicked, funny, exciting.” Andrew Klavan, author of True Crimes“Scott Brick narrates flawlessly, using one voice that manages not only to portray Adam's satiric sense of humor but also to capture each of the many other characters' personalities. By using a variety of tempos and modulating his voice, Brick maintains tension and builds nonstop suspense. This great performance is a perfect fit for the writing.” Audio File“This kind of stuff is Brick's Forte. He handles suspense with just the right touch.” Philadelphia Inquirer


Show More







Product Details


ISBN-13:

9788499184739
Publisher:

Roca Editorial de Libros
Publication date:
04/01/2012
Sold by:
Barnes & Noble
Format:
NOOK Book
Pages:
480
Sales rank:
799,496
File size:
2 MB






Related Subjects


Thrillers - Other





Read an Excerpt


 Paranoia By Joseph Finder St. Martin's Press  Copyright © 2004 Joseph Finder All rights reserved. ISBN: 978-1-4668-4932-7    CHAPTER 1Until the whole thing happened, I never believed the old line about how you should be careful what you wish for, because you might get it.I believe it now.I believe in all those cautionary proverbs now. I believe that pride goeth before a fall. I believe the apple doesn't fall far from the tree, that misfortune seldom comes alone, that all that glitters isn't gold, that lies walk on short legs. Man, you name it. I believe it.I could try to tell you that what started it all was an act of generosity, but that wouldn't be quite accurate. It was more like an act of stupidity. Call it a cry for help. Maybe more like a raised middle finger. Whatever, it was my bad. I half thought I'd get away with it, half expected to be fired. I've got to say, when I look back on how it all began, I marvel at what an arrogant prick I was. I'm not going to deny that I got what I deserved. It just wasn't what I expected — but who'd ever expect something like this?All I did was make a couple of phone calls. Impersonated the VP for Corporate Events and called the fancy outside caterer that did all of Wyatt Telecom's parties. I told them to just make it exactly like the bash they'd done the week before for the Top Salesman of the Year award. (Of course, I had no idea how lavish that was.) I gave them all the right disbursement numbers, authorized the transfer of funds in advance. The whole thing was surprisingly easy.The owner of Meals of Splendor told me he'd never done a function on a company loading dock, that it presented "décor challenges," but I knew he wasn't going to turn away a big check from Wyatt Telecom.Somehow I doubt Meals of Splendor had ever done a retirement party for an assistant foreman either.I think that's what really pissed Wyatt off. Paying for Jonesie's retirement party — a loading dock guy, for Christ's sake!— was a violation of the natural order. If instead I'd used the money as a down payment on a Ferrari 360 Modena convertible, Nicholas Wyatt might have almost understood. He would have recognized my greed as evidence of our shared humanity, like a weakness for booze, or "broads," as he called women.If I'd known how it would all end up, would I have done it all over again? Hell, no.Still, I have to say, it was pretty cool. I was into the fact that Jonesie's party was being paid for out of a fund earmarked for, among other things, an "offsite" for the CEO and his senior vice presidents at the Guanahani resort on the island of St. Barthélemy.I also loved seeing the loading dock guys finally getting a taste of how the execs lived. Most of the guys and their wives, whose idea of a splurge was the Shrimp Feast at the Red Lobster or Ribs On The Barbie at Outback Steakhouse, didn't know what to make of some of the weird food, the osetra caviar and saddle of veal Provençal, but they devoured the filet of beef en croûte, the rack of lamb, the roasted lobster with ravioli. The ice sculptures were a big hit. The Dom Perignon flowed, though not as fast as the Budweiser. (This I called right, since I used to hang out on the loading dock on Friday afternoons, smoking, when someone, usually Jonesie or Jimmy Connolly, the foreman, brought in an Igloo of cold ones to celebrate the end of another week.)Jonesie, an old guy with one of those weathered, hangdog faces that make people like him instantly, was lit the whole night. His wife of forty-two years, Esther, at first seemed standoffish, but she turned out to be an amazing dancer. I'd hired an excellent Jamaican reggae group, and everyone got into it, even the guys you'd never expect to dance.This was after the big tech meltdown, of course, and companies everywhere were laying people off and instituting "frugality" policies, meaning you had to pay for the lousy coffee, and no more free Cokes in the break room, and like that. Jonesie was slated to just stop work one Friday, spend a few hours at HR signing forms, and go home for the rest of his life, no party, no nothing. Meanwhile, the Wyatt Telecom E-staff was planning to head down to St. Bart's in their Learjets, boink their wives or girlfriends in their private villas, slather coconut oil on their love handles, and discuss company-wide frugality policies over obscene buffet breakfasts of papayas and hummingbird tongues. Jonesie and his friends didn't really question too closely who was paying for it all. But it did give me some kind of twisted secret pleasure.Until around one-thirty in the morning, when the sound of electric guitars and the screams of a couple of the younger guys, blotto out of their minds, must have attracted the curiosity of a security guard, a fairly new hire (the pay's lousy, turnover is unbelievable) who didn't know any of us and wasn't inclined to cut anyone any slack.He was a pudgy guy with a flushed, sort of Porky Pig face, barely thirty. He just gripped his walkie-talkie as if it were a Glock and said, "What the hell?"And my life as I knew it was over.CHAPTER 2The voice mail was waiting for me when I got in to work, late as usual.Even later than usual, actually. I felt queasy and my head thudded and my heart was going too fast from the giant cup of cheap coffee I'd gulped down on the subway. A wave of acid splashed over my stomach. I'd considered calling in sick, but that little voice of sanity in my head told me that after the events of last night the wiser thing to do was to show up at work and face the music.Thing is, I fully expected to get fired — almost looked forward to it, the way you might both dread and look forward to having an aching tooth drilled. When I came out of the elevator and walked the half-mile through the lower forty of the cubicle farm to my workstation, I could see heads popping up, prairie-dog style, to catch a glimpse of me. I was a celebrity; the word was out. E-mail was no doubt flying.My eyes were bloodshot, my hair was a mess, I looked like a walking JUST SAY NO public service spot.The little LCD screen display on my IP phone said, "You have eleven voice mails." I put it on speaker and zipped through them. Just listening to the messages, frantic and sincere and wheedling, increased the pressure behind my eyeballs. I got out the Advil bottle from the bottom desk drawer and dry- swallowed two. That made six Advils already this morning, which exceeded the recommended maximum. So what could happen to me? Die from an ibuprofen overdose just moments before being fired?I was a junior product line manager for routers in our Enterprise Division. You don't want the English translation, it's too mind-numbingly boring. I spent my days hearing phrases like "dynamic bandwidth circuit emulation service" and "integrated access device" and "ATM backbones" and "IP security tunneling protocol," and I swear I didn't know what half the shit meant.A message from a guy in Sales named Griffin, calling me "big guy," boasting of how he'd just sold a couple dozen of the routers I was managing by assuring the customer that they'd have a particular feature — extra multicast protocols for live video streaming — that he knew damned well it didn't have. But it sure would be nice if the feature was added to the product, like maybe in the next two weeks, before the product was supposed to ship. Yeah, dream on.A follow-up call five minutes later from Griffin's manager just "checking on the progress of the multicast protocol work we heard you're doing," as if I actually did the technical work myself.And the clipped, important voice of a man named Arnold Meacham, who identified himself as Director of Corporate Security and asked me to please "come by" his office the moment I got in.I had no idea who Arnold Meacham was, beyond his title. I'd never heard his name before. I didn't even know where Corporate Security was located.It's funny: when I heard the message, my heart didn't start racing like you might expect. It actually slowed, as if my body knew the gig was up. There was actually something Zen going on, the inner serenity of realizing there's nothing you can do anyway. I almost luxuriated in the moment.For a few minutes I stared at my cubicle walls, the nubby charcoal Avora fabric that looked like the wall-to-wall in my dad's apartment. I kept the panel walls free of any evidence of human habitation — no photos of the wife and kids (easy, since I didn't have any), no Dilbert cartoons, nothing clever or ironic that said I was here under protest, because I was way beyond that. I had one bookshelf, holding a routing protocol reference guide and four thick black binders containing the "feature library" for the MG-50K router. I would not miss this cubicle.Besides, it wasn't like I was about to get shot; I'd already been shot, I figured. Now it was just a matter of disposing of the body and swabbing up the blood. I remember once in college reading about the guillotine in French history, and how one executioner, a medical doctor, tried this gruesome experiment (you get your kicks wherever you can, I guess). A few seconds after the head was lopped off he watched the eyes and lips twitch and spasm until the eyelids closed and everything stopped. Then he called out the dead man's name, and the eyes on the decapitated head popped open and stared right at the executioner. A few seconds more and the eyes closed, then the doctor called the man's name again, and the eyes came open again, staring. Cute. So thirty seconds after being separated from the body, the head's still reacting. This was how I felt. The blade had already dropped, and they're calling my name.I picked up the phone and called Arnold Meacham's office, told his assistant that I was on my way, and asked how to get there.My throat was dry, so I stopped at the break room to get one of the formerly-free-but-now-fifty-cent sodas. The break room was all the way back in the middle of the floor near the bank of elevators, and as I walked, in a weird sort of fugue state, a couple more colleagues caught sight of me and turned away quickly, embarrassed.I surveyed the sweaty glass case of sodas, decided against my usual Diet Pepsi — I really didn't need more caffeine right now — and pulled out a Sprite. Just to be a rebel I didn't leave any money in the jar. Whoa, that'll show them. I popped it open and headed for the elevator.I hated my job, truly despised it, so the thought of losing it wasn't exactly bumming me out. On the other hand, it wasn't as if I had a trust fund, and I sure did need the money. That was the whole point, wasn't it? I had moved back here essentially to help with my dad's medical care — my dad, who considered me a fuckup. In Manhattan, bartending, I made half the money but lived better. We're talking Manhattan! Here I was living in a ratty street-level studio apartment on Pearl Street that reeked of traffic exhaust, and whose windows rattled when the trucks rumbled by at five in the morning. Granted, I was able to go out a couple of nights a week with friends, but I usually ended up dipping into my checking account's credit line a week or so before my paycheck magically appeared on the fifteenth of the month.Not that I was exactly busting my ass either. I coasted. I put in the minimum required hours, got in late and left early, but I got my work done. My performance review numbers weren't so good — I was a "core contributor," a two band, just one step up from "lowest contributor," when you should start packing your stuff.I got into the elevator, looked down at what I was wearing — black jeans and a gray polo shirt, sneakers — and wished I'd put on a tie.CHAPTER 3When you work at a big corporation, you never know what to believe. There's always a lot of tough, scary macho talk. They're always telling you about "killing the competition," putting "a stake in their heart." They tell you to "kill or be killed," "eat or be eaten," to "eat their lunch" and "eat your own dog food" and "eat your young."You're a software engineer or a product manager or a sales associate, but after a while you start to think that somehow you got mixed up with one of those aboriginal tribes in Papua New Guinea that wear boars' tusks through their noses and gourds on their dicks. When the reality is that if you e-mail an off-color, politically incorrect joke to your buddy in IT, who then cc's it to a guy a few cubicles over, you can end up locked in a sweaty HR conference room for a grueling week of Diversity Training. Filch paper clips and you get slapped with the splintered ruler of life.Thing is, of course, I'd done something a little more serious than raiding the office-supply cabinet.They kept me waiting in an outer office for half an hour, forty-five minutes, but it seemed longer. There was nothing to read — just Security Management, stuff like that. The receptionist wore her ash-blond hair in a helmet, yellow smoker's circles under her eyes. She answered the phone, tapped away at a keyboard, glanced over at me furtively from time to time, the way you might try to catch a glimpse of a grisly car accident while you're trying to keep your eyes on the road.I sat there so long my confidence began to waver. That might have been the point. The monthly paycheck thing was beginning to look like a good idea. Maybe defiance wasn't the best approach. Maybe I should eat shit. Maybe it was way past that.Arnold Meacham didn't get up when the receptionist brought me in. He sat behind a giant black desk that looked like polished granite. He was around forty, thin and broad, a Gumby build, with a long square head, long thin nose, no lips. Graying brown hair that was receding. He wore a double-breasted blue blazer and a blue striped tie, like the president of a yacht club. He glared at me through oversized steel aviator glasses. You could tell he was totally humorless. In a chair to the right of his desk sat a woman a few years older than me who seemed to be taking notes. His office was big and spare, lots of framed diplomas on the wall. At one end, a half-opened door let onto a darkened conference room."So you're Adam Cassidy," he said. He had a prissy, precise way of speaking. "Party down, dude?" He pressed his lips into a smirk.Oh, God. This was not going to go well. "What can I do for you?" I said. I tried to look perplexed, concerned."What can you do for me? How about start with telling the truth? That's what you can do for me." He had the slightest trace of a Southern accent.Generally people like me. I'm pretty good at winning them over — the pissed-off math teacher, the enterprise customer whose order is six weeks overdue, you name it. But I could see at once this wasn't a Dale Carnegie moment. The odds of salvaging my odious job were dwindling by the second."Sure," I said. "The truth about what?"He snorted with amusement. "How about last night's catered event?"I paused, considered. "You're talking about the little retirement party?" I said. I didn't know how much they knew, since I'd been pretty careful about the money trail. I had to watch what I said. The woman with the notebook, a slight woman with frizzy red hair and big green eyes, was probably there as a witness. "It was a much-needed morale boost," I added. "Believe me, sir, it'll do wonders for departmental productivity."His lipless mouth curled. "'Morale boost.' Your fingerprints are all over the funding for that 'morale boost.'""Funding?""Oh, cut the crap, Cassidy.""I'm not sure I'm understanding you, sir.""Do you think I'm stupid?" Six feet of fake granite between him and me and I could feel droplets of his spittle."I'm guessing ... no, sir." The trace of a smile appeared at the corner of my mouth. I couldn't help it: pride of workmanship. Big mistake.Meacham's pasty face flushed. "You think it's funny, hacking into proprietary company databases to obtain confidential disbursement numbers? You think it's recreation, it's clever? It doesn't count?""No, sir —""You lying sack of shit, you prick, it's no better than stealing an old lady's purse on the fucking subway!"I tried to look chastened, but I could see where this conversation was going and it seemed pointless."You stole seventy-eight thousand dollars from the Corporate Events account for a goddamned party for your buddies on the loading dock?"I swallowed hard. Shit. Seventy-eight thousand dollars? I knew it was pretty high-end, but I had no idea how high-end."This guy in on it with you?""Who do you mean? I think maybe you're confused about —""'Jonesie'? The old guy, the name on the cake?""Jonesie had nothing to do with it," I shot back.Meacham leaned back, looking triumphant because he'd finally found a toehold."If you want to fire me, go ahead, but Jonesie was totally innocent."      (Continues...) Excerpted from Paranoia by Joseph Finder. Copyright © 2004 Joseph Finder. Excerpted by permission of St. Martin's Press. All rights reserved. No part of this excerpt may be reproduced or reprinted without permission in writing from the publisher.Excerpts are provided by Dial-A-Book Inc. solely for the personal use of visitors to this web site.



Show More









Meet the Author








Joseph Finder is the author of several New York Times bestselling thrillers, including Buried Secrets, High Crimes, Paranoia and the first Nick Heller novel, Vanished. Killer Instinct won the International Thriller Writers Award for Best Thriller, and Company Man won the Barry and Gumshoe Awards for Best Thriller. High Crimes was the basis of the Morgan Freeman/Ashley Judd movie, and Paranoia was the basis for 2013 film with Liam Hemsworth, Harrison Ford and Gary Oldman. Born in Chicago, Finder studied Russian at Yale and Harvard. He was recruited by the CIA, but decided he preferred writing fiction. A member of the Council on Foreign Relations and the Association for Former Intelligence Officers, he lives in Boston, Massachusetts.Jason Priestley has starred in television shows including the popular series Beverly Hills 90210 and Call Me Fitz. He has also appeared in numerous films including Courage, Die, Mommie, Die!, Tombstone, Calendar Girl, Love and Death on Long Island, Coldblooded, and Cherish, and onstage in the Tony Award-winning Side Man. Jason also directed and produced the critically acclaimed documentary Barenaked in America. He recorded Joseph Finder's Paranoia for Macmillan Audio. Jason lives in Los Angeles with his wife and daughter.



Show More









Customer Reviews

Average Review: 



Write a Review


Post to your social network

 
 
 






Most Helpful Customer Reviews


See all customer reviews











































JOSEPH BARNES - WESTLAND, MI - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MI



WESTLAND



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            JOSEPH BARNES
                                    



 





















J 


JOSEPH BARNES
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



33003 AKRON ST WESTLAND, MI 48186
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $67,000.00
 Employee Count --
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Joseph Barnes was founded in 2010, and is located at 33003 Akron St in Westland. It employs 1 employees and is generating approximately $67,000.00 in annual revenue. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







J

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














 




Summary of Individual | Legacies of British Slave-ownership

























Legacies of British Slave-ownership

UCL














Joseph Barnes
Profile & Legacies Summary
???? - 1829



Biography

Joseph Barnes (?-1829) was married to Hannah (1766-1841) and the couple had one daughter Charlotte Hannah Barnes. As a child Charlotte was herself a slave-owner with her father listing a single enslaved person as belonging to Charlotte in the givings in for St. Catherine in 1809. Charlotte married William Trutch in Jamaica and the couple had four children - John, Caroline, Emily and Joseph. Their youngest son Joseph went on to become an influential figure in British Columbia, Canada. Charlotte died in 1876.
Joseph was a merchant and the 'proprietor of two large grazing farms', he owned Cumberland Pen and Cedar Grove Pen as well as a smaller property named Halfway Tree all of which were in St. Catherine. Joseph was noted as a merchant who 'traded regularly with Caymanian vessels' whose main trading product was cotton. He acted as an Alderman in 1808, Judge of the Supreme Court of Jamaica and acted as Mayor of Kingston between 1823-29. Barnes Gully is named for Joseph Barnes. Joseph was interested in science, horticulture and agriculture and served as an Honorary Member of the Council of the Society for the encouragement of Horticulture and Agriculture, and the Arts connected with them in Jamaica - the first institution of its kind in the British West Indies. Following Joseph's death in 1829 the family moved to England in 1834.
The heirs of Joseph Barnes are mentioned in Higman's Jamaica Surveyed as a the owners of Cumberland Pen. Cumberland Pen was located in St. Catherine's, it was a large property of more than 1,000 acres which was worked by 300 enslaved people at the time of emancipation. The taxable livestock on the plantation amounted to 250. The total income for Cumberland Pen was £6,218 in 1832. On Joseph's death in 1829 the property descended to Thomas Barnes 'of Great Britain', Joseph's brother. Thomas employed Bartholomew Ibbott Williams (executor of Joseph's estate) as attorney and Samuel Sharpe Wortley as overseer. A detailed survey of Cumberland Pen was undertaken in 1848 by Thomas Harrison for McGeachy and Griffiths.
Sources
http://www.forumrarebooks.com/Manuscript-Jamaica-Will-and-testament-of-joseph-barnes.html
T71/1 1817 Slave Register, National Archive, pp.351-2, pp.354-63, pp.1028-9.
http://www.biographi.ca/en/bio/trutch_joseph_william_13E.html (Dictionary of Canadian Biography)
Roger C. Smith, The Maritime Heritage of the Cayman Islands (Gainsville: University of Florida Press, 2000), p.189.
Frank Cundall, Jamaica Place Names (Kingston: Institute of Jamaica, 1909), p.9.
Jamaica Almanac 1808.
http://www.ksac.gov.jm/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=53&Itemid=83&showall=1
Jamaica Almanac 1811.
American Vital Records from the Gentleman's Magazine, 1731-1868 (Baltimore: Genealogical Publishing, 1987), p.17.
The Philosophical Magazine and Journal: Comprehending the Various branches of Science, the Liberal and Fine Arts, Agriculture, Manufacture and Commerce, Volume 67 (London: Richard Taylor, 1826), p.146.
Debates on the resolutions and bill for the abolition of slavery in the British Colonies (Maurice & Co., 1834), p.349.
Barry Higman, Jamaica Surveyed: Plantation maps and plans of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries (Kingston: Institute of Jamaica Publications, 1988), pp.224-226.



Further Information


Spouse
Hannah Barnes


Children
Charlotte Hannah Barnes


Will
(St. Jago de la Vega, Jamaica, 30 May 1829). Size per leaf unfolded 134x 79 cm. Preserved in a slipcase. Manuscript on two folded leaves of vellum with attached printed document filled out in manuscript, with blindstamepd paper seal attached.
Will of Joseph Barnes (d. 6 May 1829 at Kingston, Jamaica), who had property in Cumberland Pen on Jamaica.
As executors of the will are mentioned: Joseph's brother Thomas Barnes to whom a part of the property in Cumberland Pen had descended (with John Sutton Williams as his attorney) and Barthlomew Ibbott Williams residing at Jamaica, and Alexander Evans and John Lynch at London. The will was registered and  officially endorsed in London on 9 November 1831 in the name and with the seals of William the Archbishop of Canterbury. The will lists as Joseph Barnes's heirs among others Bettey Stalker (widow of William Stalker and sister of Joseph Barnes) and Joseph's 'dearly beloved daughter' Charlotte Hannah Barnes. It is the latter who inherits another part of her father's property on Jamaica: '... all that land  ... which is situated to the northward and eastward of the house in which I now reside situated on the Rock Ffort or Great Wind Road in the parish of Kingston with the appurtenances thereunto'. Another part of his property was 'in the parish of Saint Catharina in the County of Middlesex and island of Jamaica commonly called and known by the name of Cumberland Penn together with all and every negro and other slaves thereunto belonging ...'.




Associated Estates (2)


The dates listed below have different categories as denoted by the letters in the brackets following each date. Here is a key to explain those letter codes:

SD - Association Start Date
SY - Association Start Year
EA - Earliest Known Association
ED - Association End Date
EY - Association End Year
LA - Latest Known Association




1809 [EA] - 1829 [EY] → Owner
Cumberland Pen [ Jamaica | St Catherine ]



1815 [SY] - 1829 [EY] → Owner
Halfway Tree [ Jamaica | St Catherine ]


Relationships (3)



Joseph Barnes
Brothers
Thomas Barnes
Details

Joseph Barnes
Wife → Husband
Hannah Barnes
Details

Joseph Barnes
Grandfather → Grandson
Sir Joseph William Trutch
Details
Notes →
Joseph Barnes's only daughter Charlotte Hannah Barnes married William Trutch in Jamaica c. 1822. Born in 1826 Sir Joseph William Trutch was the son of William and...





Incomplete/Incorrect? Contribute to this information →

Legacies Summary

CommercialCulturalHistoricalImperialPhysicalPolitical

Other Information

Relationships [3]Addresses






Further Information

Project overview
Context
The Database
Staff
Advisory Panels
Events & Workshops
Links
Media Coverage
Get in Touch
Contribute



People of Interest
John Stewart
1789 - 14th Mar 1860
Possibly the first 'ethnic minority' MP to be elected (in 1832) to the House of Commons.
Visit the people of interest section


Documents of Interest
'Driver, cold morning'

One of over 300 drawings of landscapes and enslaved people in Jamaica by William Berryman, 1808-1815.
Visit the document of interest section




© Copyright Legacies of British Slave-ownership - UCL Department of History 2017
Website design & build

CITING THIS RECORD:'Joseph Barnes', Legacies of British Slave-ownership database, http://wwwdepts-live.ucl.ac.uk/lbs/person/view/2146632163 [accessed 26th July 2017].








UCL History Dept
















Joseph M. Barnes | The Reardon Law Firm, P.C. | New London Connecticut


































Menu
Location




We represent people exclusively.
Our Firm has gained a national reputation by successfully handling countless serious personal injury and wrongful death lawsuits.






Joseph M. Barnes


  
Joseph M. Barnes   Location:  New London, Connecticut Phone:  			860-442-0444  Fax:  			860-444-6445  Email:   E-mail Me     Since joining the Reardon Law Firm Joseph has devoted himself to his clients. He focuses on civil litigation in the areas of personal injury, wrongful death, product liability, medical malpractice, and worker's compensation. Joseph has been selected as a Rising Star in the legal profession by Connecticut Magazine every year since 2012 and as a Top 100 Trial Lawyer by the National Trial Lawyers since 2014. He has also been recognized as a "New Leader in the Law" by the Connecticut Law Tribune. He currently serves on the Board of Governors for the Connecticut Trial Lawyers Association and is a member of the Connecticut Bar Association, the New York Bar Association, New London County Bar Association, and the American Association for Justice.  Attorney Barnes is admitted to practice before the state and federal courts in Connecticut and New York. He is also admitted to practice before the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, the Mohegan Tribal Gaming Disputes Court, and the Mashantucket Pequot Tribal Court.  Attorney Barnes is a graduate of Colgate University and Quinnipiac University School of Law.     Bar Admissions  Connecticut New York    Education  Quinnipiac University School of Law, Bridgeport, Connecticut - 2006  Honors: 
											cum laude   Honors: Treasurer, Student Bar Association   Law Journal: Health Law Journal, Editor-in-Chief  Colgate University  Major: Environmental Biology     Professional Associations and Memberships  Connecticut Bar Association, Member Connecticut Trial Lawyers Association, Member American Association for Justice, Member New London County Bar Association, Member American Bar Association, Member   





Email or call: 860-442-0444

News/verdicts & settlements


Attorney Kelly Reardon Wins $236,000 Verdict In New London Case – Almost Three Times Last Offer Made By Insurance Company And More Than Asked For In Closing Argument


Attorney Kelly Reardon Appointed To Serve On State Civil Commission


Wrongful Death Lawsuit Settled for $1.2 Million -- Police Proven Wrong in Accident Reconstruction


Couple Recover $900,000 for Injuries in Rear End Collision



Attiorney Robert I. Reardon, Jr., Awarded The Professional Excellence Award by the Connecticut Law Tribute


The Reardon Law Firm Honored Again As Connecticut Superlawyers


Attorneys Joe Barnes and Kelly Reardon elected to Connecticut Trial Lawyers Board of Governors


 Wrongful Death Lawsuit of Hebron Teacher Settles for $1.1 Million


Woman injured in a rear-end motor vehicle collision settles claim for $250,000.00


90 year old pedestrian struck by car exiting fast food drive through settles case for $180,000.00


The Reardon Law Firm Obtains $575,000 for Waterford Woman Injured in Truck Crash


Catholic Diocese of Norwich Pays $1.1 million dollars in Priest Molestation Case


Attorneys Joseph Barnes and Kelly Reardon Chosen as New Leaders in the Law


Policy Limit of $750,000 Paid in Wrongful Death To Estate of Driver Who Rear-ended Truck and Trailer Reardon Law Firm Took Case Others Had Turned Down


Attorney Kelly Reardon Successfully Resolves Rear-End Automobile Collision Case For $325,000


Attorney Kelly Reardon Settles Pedestrian Accident Case For $530,000


Construction Worker’s fall to his death in elevator shaft brings $1.5 million settlement.


The Reardon Law Firm Awarded Membership In Personal Injury Hall Of Fame


Plainfield Motorcyclist Collects $1.3 Million Dollar Settlement


Attorney Kelly Reardon Obtains $102,000 Verdict for Victim Of Horse Incident


Attorney Joseph Barnes Quoted in New London Day Following $2.5 Million Settlement


The Reardon Law Firm Praised for Commitment to Pro Bono Case to Improve Housing in New London


The Reardon Law Firm Obtains Substantial Settlement for Victim of Molestation by Teacher at The Gunnery School on the Eve of Trial


The Reardon Law Firm Files Lawsuit in Police Misconduct Case Resulting in Death of Norwich Man


Attorney Joseph Barnes Obtains $1 Million Settlement for Trip and Fall Victim


Attorney Joseph Barnes Obtains $2.5 Million Settlement for Waterford Woman Injured in Motor Vehicle Collision


The Reardon Law Firm Obtains $1.25 Million for Family of Young Man Killed at Plainfield Rail Crossing in 2009


Attorney Kelly Reardon Obtains $200,000 Settlement for Woman Thrown from a Horse


Attorney Kelly Reardon Obtains $345,000 Settlement for Young Woman Rear-Ended by a Drunk Driver


Attorney Kelly Reardon Obtains $275,000 Settlement for Old Saybrook Couple Injured in Head-On Collision


Reardon Law Firm Obtains $4.2 Million Settlement In Death Of Connecticut College Student


$1.1 Million Settlement Of Church Abuse Case For New London Victim


Editorial In New London Day Supports Reardon Law Firm’s Efforts To Improve New London Public Housing


Attorneys Kelly and Robert I. Reardon, Jr. and Joseph Barnes Selected As Connecticut Super Lawyers


Attorney Robert I. Reardon, Jr. Selected As Top 50 Super Lawyer In Connecticut


Attorney Joseph M. Barnes Obtains $1.1 Million Settlement In Rear-End Auto Accident Case


Huge Crowd Turns Out At Garde Arts Center For Local Premiere Of "Hot Coffee" Sponsored By The Reardon Law Firm


The New London Day Recognizes TRLF For Proving That "Frivolous Lawsuits" Are "Not Always So"


Attorney Kelly E. Reardon Wins $600,000 Award For Dog Bite Victim


Attorney Joseph M. Barnes Obtains $115,000 For Couple Injured In Auto Accident


TRLF Settles Drunk Driving Case


National Trial Lawyers Names Robert I. Reardon, Jr. To Top 100 List 


$600,000 Settlement Obtained By Attorney Joseph M. Barnes In Auto Accident Case


Attorney Kelly E. Reardon Obtains $325,000 Settlement For Trip And Fall Victim


Attorney Joseph M. Barnes obtains $275,000.00 settlement for couple hit by drunk driver


Settlement Of $300,000 Obtained For Medical Malpractice Victim


TRLF Settles Wrongful Death Case Against City Of New London


Attorney Jillian L. Redding Published In Connecticut Insurance Law Journal


$160,000 Settlement Obtained In Bicycle Versus Car Accident


Attorney Joseph M. Barnes obtains $275,000.00 settlement for couple hit by drunk driver 


TRLF Handling Claims against St. Francis Hospital for Sexual Abuse by Dr. George Reardon


TRLF Attorneys Robert I. Reardon, Jr. and Kelly E. Reardon Settle Legal Malpractice Claim for $500,000


Attorney Kelly E. Reardon Quoted In New London Day Regarding Bus Case


Attorney Kelly E. Reardon Wins $180,000 Verdict for Woman with Knee Injuries


Attorney Kelly E. Reardon Obtains $250,000 Settlement for 84-year-old Woman Struck in Stop & Shop Parking Lot


The Reardon Law Firm Obtains Substantial Settlement for Widow of Wrong-Way Crash Victim


Attorney Kelly E. Reardon Quoted in New London Day Article about Medical Malpractice Law


TRLF Obtains $1.5 Million Settlement for Victims of a Bus versus Van Crash


TRLF Obtains Significant Settlement for Drunk-Driving Accident Victim


TRLF Case on Tribal Sovereign Immunity Discussed in Connecticut Law Tribune


Attorney Joseph M. Barnes Wins $103,000 Verdict For Man With Foot Injury


Attorney Robert I. Reardon, Jr. Quoted in New London Day


TRLF Leads Efforts for Middletown Blast Site to be Preserved


TRLF Handling Claims Resulting from Kleen Energy Explosion


TRLF Obtains $4.4 Million for Victims of Station Night Club Fire in Rhode Island


The Reardon Law Firm Fights for New London's Most Needy


Attorney Joseph M. Barnes Obtains $300,000 Settlement In Garage Door Opener Case


Attorney General Supports TRLF in Efforts to Hold Tribes Liable for Casino Alcohol


TRLF Settles Priest Molestation Case for $750,000







Search




Articles



Office Location




The Reardon Law Firm, P.C.


 160 Hempstead Street 
                     P.O. Drawer 1430 
                    

New London, 
                CT
06320



Phone: 
                860-442-0444



Fax: 
                860-444-6445


Map & Directions




























































Barnes, Joseph J. Attorney - Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania




























	        Barnes, Joseph J. Attorney
		







USA






What are you looking for?
Where is it?








Search


Financial services, pizza delivery...
New York City, San Francisco...











Search companies
pictures
Add your business
Users Access




Trivok
Companies
Pennsylvania
Pittsburgh
Barnes, Joseph j. Attorney - Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania






Barnes, Joseph J. Attorney - Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

301 Grant Street PA 15219 Pittsburgh (Pennsylvania)





Tweet











Overview
How to get
Contact
Opinions









Contact with Barnes, Joseph J. Attorney company
Do you need more info about this company? Contact now


Ranking Barnes, Joseph j. ...

144.146Trivok Rank
24.180Finance
15.092Legal services & Attorneys
6.686Real Estate



Barnes, Joseph j. ... popularity

Online popularity: 21 / 100
Persons who visited this: 81.944



Categories

Banking & Investment Law Attorneys
Real Estate Attorneys Commercial & Industrial
Real Estate Lawyers
Solicitor



 Are you the owner?
Improve your ranking and visibility in Trivok completing all the required information of your company.
Edit company data
Add the first company picture


Security Center
Report abuse


 I like this company
Print this page
Tell a friend
Be a fan
Share Business Card
Add this page to 'Favourites'


 You might also like...

Banking & Investment Law Attorneys in Pennsylvania (408)
Real Estate Attorneys Commercial & Industrial in Pennsylvania (53)
Real Estate Lawyers in Pennsylvania (273)
Solicitor in Pennsylvania (333)



Nearby companies



Donadee, Michael A. Attorney
301 Grant STREET, 20th Floor - PA 15219 Pittsburgh
0 miles0 min by car






Brodbeck, Charles R. Attorney
625 Liberty Avenue - PA 15222 Pittsburgh
0.31 miles0 min by car






Campbell & Levine, LLC
310 Grant Street - PA 15219 Pittsburgh
0.08 miles0 min by car






Chiafullo, James D. Attorney
625 Liberty Avenue - PA 15222 Pittsburgh
0.31 miles0 min by car






Eisen, Bernard Attorney
301 Grant STREET, 20th Floor - PA 15219 Pittsburgh
0 miles0 min by car








Barnes, Joseph J. Attorney information

Enjoy the best Banking & Investment Law Attorneys products in Pennsylvania provided by Barnes, Joseph J. Attorney.


(412) 391-8758


www.marcus-shapira.com			    			    



				To deal with Barnes, Joseph J. Attorney from Pittsburgh, PA is a guarantee of satisfaction in your Banking & Investment Law Attorneys purchase.Barnes, Joseph J. Attorney at Pittsburgh, PA is the most recommended company for Banking & Investment Law Attorneys services.			








Do you know how to arrive here?







Use Street View to move around Barnes, Joseph J. Attorney vicinity and interact with the map to identify nearby places at 301 Grant Street.









				    This company on your GPS: Latitude: 40.4381259000 Longitude: -79.9988149000
Distance from Barnes, Joseph J. Attorney to Pittsburgh center is 370 yards




1140 yards from Allegheny, PA
Estimated time of arrival by car: 2 minutes


1280 yards from Mount Washington, PA
Estimated time of arrival by car: 2 minutes


2.81 miles from Mount Oliver, PA
Estimated time of arrival by car: 4 minutes


2.91 miles from Wabash, PA
Estimated time of arrival by car: 4 minutes






Trivok Level
(307 points)










Rate Barnes, Joseph J. Attorney services, quality and price using Trivok Level



Share your opinion with Trivok Community on Facebook










			Fill in this application form to contact with Barnes, Joseph J. Attorney :
		




1.- Contact information


* Name / Company
* Email 






Phone / Mobile
Province





- Select a province -
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington, DC
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming




2.- Query details


* Query reason



 Information & Inquiries  Request For Quotation  Make an appointment / Book  Exchange between businesses  


* Subject





* Message

















 I have read and accept the  Terms of Use  and the  Privacy Policy..



Send e-mail










From






For example: Central Park - New York City



Until
				301 Grant Street
				PA 15219 Pittsburgh (Pennsylvania)




Select your State and find out how to get to Barnes, Joseph J. Attorney :

Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington, DC
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming

















Search companies
Add your business
Users Access






info@trivok.com | © 2012 Trivok.com



Business Services

Add your business 
Users Access
Contact



About Trivok

Legal notice
Privacy policy
Terms of use














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 






Barnes Joseph Found! | Check For Arrests, Warrants 










































 


 





 Barnes Joseph Found!!  Check For Arrests, Warrants 
    Show Me Barnes's Records 





 Please take into consideration that Barnes Joseph's records can only be used for personal reasons. For example locating old friends and family or verifying if a person has criminal history and if they can be trusted, to name a few.

You cannot use these records for consumer credit, tenant screening, employment, insurance qualifications or anything else that may be subjected to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq.
Barnes Joseph's records do not contain credit scores and reports. We and our partners are not a consumer reporting agency.
Click here to continue.
 





 Discover Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Barnes Joseph 


 

Arrest Records, Warrants, DWI and MugshotsIf Barnes’s ever had a run-in with the law then his records will show where, when and why.


Addresses, Phone and EmailBarnes’s record will show current and past mailing addresses, phone numbers and any email addresses he’s had.


Marriage, Divorce and Birth RecordsImportant events from Barnes’s life have been compiled from state and local county.

  

Sex Offender RegistryFind out instantly if Barnes is registered as a sex offender and if he is a threat.


Hidden Online ProfilesFind out all of Barnes’s online social media profiles and any hidden ones you’re not supposed to know about.


Assets, Businesses and LicensesFind out if Barnes is hiding any assets, owns any businesses and what licenses they are registered for.

  Show Me Barnes's Records 


 Instant Access Anywhere and Anytime 


 

100% Anonymous and Instant
In a few minutes from now you'll get full access to Barnes's background in the comforts of home.
Barnes will not know you are looking up their background and pulling records.
With state of the art connection your search is also secure from prying eyes.


 


 Look Up Anyone You Want 



 Get Barnes's Records + Unlimited Searches
In addition to getting a full background on Barnes Joseph, which includes contact info, arrest records, assets, bankruptcies and more, you'll also get full access to our database 24/7.
Look up anyone else you want so long as they reside in the United States of America.
Whether it's celebrities, family members or friends you're not restricted on your search.
  Get Me Barnes's Records and Unlimited Searches on Anyone I Want 
     




Copyright 2016 - 911arrests.com - All Rights Reserved 








































Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.






























Online Bookstore: Books, NOOK ebooks, Music, Movies & Toys | Barnes & Noble®















































Up to 15% Off with code SAVEMORE  




50% Off The Criterion Collection  




Favorite Paperbacks: Buy 2, Get the 3rd Free  




Explore The Trend Shop  



Membership
Gift Cards
Stores & Events
Help





Barnes and Noble

Auto Suggestions are available once you type at least 3 letters. Use up and down arrow to review and enter to select.


AllBooksNOOK BooksNOOKTextbooksBargain BooksNewsstandTeensKidsToys & GamesHobbies & CollectiblesHome & GiftsMovies & TVMusic










items in your shopping bag.
Click to view the items in your shopping bag

You have













×

Uh-oh, it looks like your Internet Explorer is out of date.

For a better shopping experience, please upgrade now.







!
  Javascript is not enabled in your browser. Enabling JavaScript in your browser will allow you to experience all the features of our site.

  Learn how to enable JavaScript on your browser








Barnes & Noble Home Page

              Thrills, Action, and Magic This month’s best new books have something for everyone. SHOP NOW        50% Off The Criterion Collection  SHOP NOW        Back to School & Beyond   SHOP NOW        Join Us for Cosplay, Games & More!  Celebrate your favorite characters during our annual Get Pop-Cultured event in participating stores on Saturday, 7/29*.  LEARN MORE     


		The Best Bookstore Online

		Over 6 million books ready for shipment within 24 hours and 4.5 million eBooks to download now.








B&N Top 100



Nightfall (B&N Exclusive Edition) (Keeper of the...
 
by
Shannon Messenger


The Late Show
 
by
Michael Connelly


The Lying Game
 
by
Ruth Ware


Capital Gaines: Smart Things I Learned Doing Stupid Stuff
 
by
Chip Gaines


Darkness of Dragons (Wings of Fire Series #10)
 
by
Tui T. Sutherland


See All


  ">            Top Picks for July  SHOP NOW      ">     50% Off The Criterion Collection  Great films, classic editions.  SHOP NOW      ">     Yen Press Manga Buy 2, Get 1 Free  Save on hundreds of titles.  SHOP NOW      ">     Only $7.99 With the Purchase of Any Kids' Book  SHOP NOW      ">  " />   Bestselling Journals Under $10  SHOP NOW      ">     Summer Reading   Find the best books under the sun. SHOP NOW      ">     LEGO® Silent Mary Replica  SHOP NOW    




Recommended For You























































































































































Gift Cards | Barnes & Noble®



















































Up to 15% Off with code SAVEMORE  




50% Off The Criterion Collection  




Favorite Paperbacks: Buy 2, Get the 3rd Free  




Explore The Trend Shop  



Membership
Gift Cards
Stores & Events
Help





Barnes and Noble

Auto Suggestions are available once you type at least 3 letters. Use up and down arrow to review and enter to select.


AllBooksNOOK BooksNOOKTextbooksBargain BooksNewsstandTeensKidsToys & GamesHobbies & CollectiblesHome & GiftsMovies & TVMusic










items in your shopping bag.
Click to view the items in your shopping bag

You have













×

Uh-oh, it looks like your Internet Explorer is out of date.

For a better shopping experience, please upgrade now.







!
  Javascript is not enabled in your browser. Enabling JavaScript in your browser will allow you to experience all the features of our site.

  Learn how to enable JavaScript on your browser






Gift Cards
    The Perfect GiftGive the gift of discovery with a Barnes & Noble Gift Card.  





Gift Cards


Gift Cards


eGift Cards


Custom Gift Cards




Corporate Sales


Co-Branding Options


Corporate Sales Home


Corporate Card Styles




Help


Check Your Balance


Terms & Conditions




Advertising






 Trade Your Gift Card from Another Store for a B&N eGift CardClicking on this link directs you to a site operated by Cardpool.com for Barnes & Noble customers Exchange NowGift Card cq-html-renderer   











































New Releases | Barnes & Noble®



















































Up to 15% Off with code SAVEMORE  




50% Off The Criterion Collection  




Favorite Paperbacks: Buy 2, Get the 3rd Free  




Explore The Trend Shop  



Membership
Gift Cards
Stores & Events
Help





Barnes and Noble

Auto Suggestions are available once you type at least 3 letters. Use up and down arrow to review and enter to select.


AllBooksNOOK BooksNOOKTextbooksBargain BooksNewsstandTeensKidsToys & GamesHobbies & CollectiblesHome & GiftsMovies & TVMusic










items in your shopping bag.
Click to view the items in your shopping bag

You have













×

Uh-oh, it looks like your Internet Explorer is out of date.

For a better shopping experience, please upgrade now.







!
  Javascript is not enabled in your browser. Enabling JavaScript in your browser will allow you to experience all the features of our site.

  Learn how to enable JavaScript on your browser






New Releases





Refine by

Subjects


Awards

Biography

Current Affairs & Politics

DISCOVER

Fiction

Graphic Novels & Comics

History

Literature

Music, Film & Performing Arts

Mystery & Crime

Religion

Romance

Science & Technology

Science Fiction & Fantasy

Social Sciences

Show More



Prices


$5 - $10

$10 - $25

$25 - $50



Formats


Paperback

Hardcover

Audiobook

BN Exclusive



Ages


6 - 8 Years

9 - 12 Years

Teens



Advertising











1 - 20 of 770 results




Best Sellers
Newest to Oldest
Oldest to Newest
Highly Rated
Price - Low to High
Price - High to Low
Title - A to Z
Title - Z to A






20
40




Grid View
List View


























Add to Wishlist









Excerpt
Read an excerpt of this book!















The Late Show

by Michael Connelly












Hardcover

$14.00



See All Formats & Editions


















Add to Wishlist









Excerpt
Read an excerpt of this book!















The Lying Game

by Ruth Ware












Hardcover

$16.19



















Add to Wishlist









Excerpt
Read an excerpt of this book!















Camino Island

by John Grisham












Hardcover

$17.36



















Add to Wishlist









Excerpt
Read an excerpt of this book!















House of Spies (Gabriel Allon…

by Daniel Silva












Hardcover

$17.39



















Add to Wishlist









Excerpt
Read an excerpt of this book!















The Couple Next Door

by Shari Lapena












Paperback

$10.11





















Add to Wishlist









Excerpt
Read an excerpt of this book!















The Breakdown

by B. A. Paris












Hardcover

$15.59



















Add to Wishlist









Excerpt
Read an excerpt of this book!















Battlefront II: Inferno Squad …

by Christie Golden












BN Exclusive

$23.19



See All Formats & Editions


















Add to Wishlist









Excerpt
Read an excerpt of this book!















The Painted Queen (Amelia…

by Elizabeth Peters












Hardcover

$20.53



















Add to Wishlist









Excerpt
Read an excerpt of this book!















Behind Closed Doors

by B. A. Paris












Paperback

$11.29



















Add to Wishlist









Excerpt
Read an excerpt of this book!















Truly Madly Guilty

by Liane Moriarty












Paperback

$10.99





















Add to Wishlist









Excerpt
Read an excerpt of this book!















Into the Water

by Paula Hawkins












Hardcover

$16.80



















Add to Wishlist









Excerpt
Read an excerpt of this book!















The Cartel 7: Illuminati:…

by Ashley and JaQuavis












Paperback

$12.91



















Add to Wishlist









Excerpt
Read an excerpt of this book!















The Whistler

by John Grisham












Paperback

$12.56



















Add to Wishlist









Excerpt
Read an excerpt of this book!















Use of Force (Scot Harvath…

by Brad Thor












Hardcover

$16.79



















Add to Wishlist









Excerpt
Read an excerpt of this book!















The Tea Planter's Wife: A…

by Dinah Jefferies












Paperback

$10.62





















Add to Wishlist












The Glass Castle: A Memoir…

by Jeannette Walls












Paperback

$11.91



















Add to Wishlist









Excerpt
Read an excerpt of this book!















Wrong Side of the Paw…

by Laurie Cass












Paperback

$7.99



















Add to Wishlist









Excerpt
Read an excerpt of this book!















The Life She Was Given

by Ellen Marie Wiseman












Paperback

$10.81



















Add to Wishlist









Excerpt
Read an excerpt of this book!















All or Nothing at All…

by Jennifer Probst












Paperback

$12.96



















Add to Wishlist









Excerpt
Read an excerpt of this book!















Rediscovering Americanism: And…

by Mark R. Levin












Hardcover

$16.20








Pagination Links



No Previous Page



Active Page1



Page
2



Page
3

…


Page
39



Next Page







Find the latest books on Barnes & Noble® new book releases. Explore uncharted worlds with new fiction like science fiction & fantasy, mystery, and comics, or find the inspiration you were looking for with business books or cookbooks. Discover a new adventure today at Barnes & Noble®.














































Online Bookstore: Books, NOOK ebooks, Music, Movies & Toys | Barnes & Noble®















































Up to 15% Off with code SAVEMORE  




50% Off The Criterion Collection  




Favorite Paperbacks: Buy 2, Get the 3rd Free  




Explore The Trend Shop  



Membership
Gift Cards
Stores & Events
Help





Barnes and Noble

Auto Suggestions are available once you type at least 3 letters. Use up and down arrow to review and enter to select.


AllBooksNOOK BooksNOOKTextbooksBargain BooksNewsstandTeensKidsToys & GamesHobbies & CollectiblesHome & GiftsMovies & TVMusic










items in your shopping bag.
Click to view the items in your shopping bag

You have













×

Uh-oh, it looks like your Internet Explorer is out of date.

For a better shopping experience, please upgrade now.







!
  Javascript is not enabled in your browser. Enabling JavaScript in your browser will allow you to experience all the features of our site.

  Learn how to enable JavaScript on your browser








Barnes & Noble Home Page

              Thrills, Action, and Magic This month’s best new books have something for everyone. SHOP NOW        50% Off The Criterion Collection  SHOP NOW        Back to School & Beyond   SHOP NOW        Join Us for Cosplay, Games & More!  Celebrate your favorite characters during our annual Get Pop-Cultured event in participating stores on Saturday, 7/29*.  LEARN MORE     


		The Best Bookstore Online

		Over 6 million books ready for shipment within 24 hours and 4.5 million eBooks to download now.








B&N Top 100



Nightfall (B&N Exclusive Edition) (Keeper of the...
 
by
Shannon Messenger


The Late Show
 
by
Michael Connelly


The Lying Game
 
by
Ruth Ware


Capital Gaines: Smart Things I Learned Doing Stupid Stuff
 
by
Chip Gaines


Darkness of Dragons (Wings of Fire Series #10)
 
by
Tui T. Sutherland


See All


  ">            Top Picks for July  SHOP NOW      ">     50% Off The Criterion Collection  Great films, classic editions.  SHOP NOW      ">     Yen Press Manga Buy 2, Get 1 Free  Save on hundreds of titles.  SHOP NOW      ">     Only $7.99 With the Purchase of Any Kids' Book  SHOP NOW      ">  " />   Bestselling Journals Under $10  SHOP NOW      ">     Summer Reading   Find the best books under the sun. SHOP NOW      ">     LEGO® Silent Mary Replica  SHOP NOW    




Recommended For You














































































































































