





About us - Barnes Products          Menu Hide3d Printing & SuppliesAddition Curing SiliconeSIlicone AdhesivesAirbrushingArt BoardsAssorted MouldsBangle MouldsBooksChemicalsClaysCondensation CuringDVDSEpoxyFibreglassFillersFoam LatexForton MGHot Wire Foam FactoryLatex SuppliesLife CastingLow Melt AlloysMeasure & Mixing SuppliesMetal PaintsMetal PowdersMould making suppliesPlasters & GypsumsPolishingPolyesterPolyurethaneRelease AgentsResin PigmentsRing MouldsSafety SuppliesSculpting SuppliesSilicone PigmentsSpecial EffectsToolsAccessoriesTool SetsFibreglass RollersMetalWoodTraditional PatinasUniversal PatinasWaxWax products  Cart 0 Product: Products:   (empty)  No products  To be determined   Shipping  $0.00 Tax $0.00 Total Prices are tax included   Check out    Product successfully added to your shopping cart    Quantity  Total   There are 0 items in your cart.   There is 1 item in your cart.  Total products (tax incl.)    Total shipping (tax incl.)   To be determined  Tax: $0.00  Total (tax incl.)       Continue shopping     Proceed to checkout   STORES   Sign in Search       Search       Call Us / Visit us! Head office: 1300 731 497    Map Newtown Store: 02 9557 9056   Map Chatswood Store: 02 8730 1970   Map Richmond Store: 03 9428 5511   Map Brunswick Store: 03 8374 6650   Map Brisbane Store: 07 3304 6010   Map Please login or create accountLog in/Create account          Search    - About usBarnes Products Pty Ltd was founded in 1986 by Kevin and Maria Barnes. Kevin had a vision to introduce the latest technologies in materials such as polyurethane, silicone rubber and gypsum that met world class standards to the Australian industry. Today, the Barnes team prides itself with continuing to supply the highest standards of materials and service to Australia, New Zealand and many other countries. In house product testing and development as well as packaging and distribution are maintained at the Barnes Head Office in Sydney, Australia. Barnes Retail and Trade Outlets offer personalised service and technical advice from our experienced employees. The stores showcase the huge Barnes range for sale in enjoyable environments where moulds and models of finished materials are displayed. Our stores are located at 160 Victoria Ave, Chatswood NSW, 53 King St, Newtown in NSW, 40-42 Swan St, Richmond in VIC,  20/459- 475 Sydney Rd, Brunswick VIC &  914/916 Stanley St E, East Brisbane QLD. The Barnes website offers a convenient shopping experience, with speedy service direct from Head Office or your local Barnes representative.   
  

California Employment & Labor Law Attorneys : Consumer Fraud Lawyers : Sexual Harassment














































Call now to begin a free confidential consultation
323-302-9675

   323-302-9675


 Menu
Contact









Search












Protecting Employees and Consumers Throughout California
Kevin Barnes has been almost exclusively focusing on representing employees in wage and hour class action cases in California since 1997
Begin a Free Consultation



 View Our Practice Areas







Los Angeles, California, Employment Law Attorneys

Since 1997, the Law Offices of Kevin T. Barnes has focused on providing legal advice and representation to employees throughout California, particularly wage and hour class action litigation. Our attorneys are dedicated to representing employees, former employees, and recently fired employees.If you are working overtime and not being paid for it, we can help.  Contact us to schedule a free initial consultation with one of our experienced attorneys.What Sets Us Apart?













 




Kevin T. Barnes




 














Kevin Barnes has been almost exclusively focusing on representing employees in wage and hour class action cases in California. Mr. Barnes has been invited on numerous occasions to speak on class action and wage and hour employment issues by numerous labor associations. Mr. Barnes was selected as one of the Top 10 Plaintiff Employment Lawyers in 2008 by the Daily Journal, as well as being selected as a Southern California Super Lawyer in each year from 2007 to present. This recognition is a selection by his peers based upon ethics, experience and reputation and represents the top 5% of his profession. Mr. Barnes is also AV rated* by Martindale-Hubbell, the highest possible rating for a lawyer.Kevin Barnes also received a landmark verdict against Huntington Memorial Hospital in 2008. The precedent setting case was tried in front of a Los Angeles Superior Court, which ruled that a nonprofit hospital cannot pay nurses two rates of pay for the same work and issued a $32,857,014.83 verdict. This case later settled for $60 million dollar lump sum. As the first dual-rate payment case tried to any court, it has affected the way other hospitals pay employees. In fact, as a result of this verdict, the Law Offices of Kevin Barnes subsequently settled a similar case against Tenet Hospital for $85 million dollars, as well as a settlement against Arcadia Methodist Hospital for $20.25 million dollars.





The Law Offices of Kevin T. Barnes obtained a significant victory for consumers and plaintiffs' class action attorneys in a landmark California Supreme Court decision. On August 11, 2016, the California Supreme Court issued its decision, approving the use of percentage fee awards in class action cases resulting in preservation or recovery of a "common fund" for the benefit of class members. The Supreme Court granted review on the single issue of whether a trial court may calculate an attorney fee award from a class action common fund as a percentage of the fund, while using the lodestar-multiplier method as a cross-check of the selected percentage. Class counsel Kevin T. Barnes argued the case, which resulted in a lengthy opinion by Justice Werdegar.
At the 
    
Law Offices of Kevin T. Barnes
, we pride ourselves on providing quality legal advice that is innovative, creative, and effective. When problems arise, our 
    attorneys work with clients to find solutions that maximize results while attempting to minimize legal costs. We are experienced in the following aspects of employment and labor law:



Wage and hour violations


Meal and rest breaks


Illegal wage deductions


Independent contractors


Failure to reimburse for business expenses

Inside/Outside Sales Persons
Credit Checks
Whistleblower
Discrimination/Wrongful Termination

We also handle the following aspects of consumer class actions:


Consumer Fraud

Consumer Legal Remedies Act
Data Breach cases
Call Recording cases
False Advertising Law
Unfair Business Practices Act

Gift Certificate Expiration Act


Contact Us for Aggressive Representation
If you are seeking an effective and successful employment and labor law attorney, the lawyers at the 
    Law Offices of Kevin T. Barnes are here to help. 
    Contact our experienced lawyers and see how we can assist you with your employment and labor law needs.

*CV, BV, and AV are registered certification marks of Reed Elsevier Properties Inc., used in accordance with the Martindale-Hubbell certification procedures, standards, and policies.
Martindale-Hubbell is the facilitator of a peer review rating process. Ratings reflect the confidential opinions of members of the Bar and the judiciary. Martindale-Hubbell ratings fall into two categories - legal ability and general ethical standards.




 


 Begin a free consultation


Contact an experienced California employment law attorney



Bold labels are required.
    









Contact Information

Name




Email Address
Please enter a valid email address.




Phone





Brief description of your legal issue






Please verify that you have read the disclaimer.



I have read the disclaimer.


disclaimer.





               The use of the Internet or this form for communication with the firm or any individual member of the firm does not establish an attorney-client relationship. Confidential or time-sensitive information should not be sent through this form.
             
close




Privacy Policy















5670 Wilshire Blvd. Suite 1460
    |Los Angeles, CA 90036-5614
    |Telephone: 323-302-9675
    |Fax: 323-549-0101
    |
Map & Directions







 





















The Blackthorn Key (Blackthorn Key Series #1) by Kevin Sands, Paperback | Barnes & Noble®


















































Up to 15% Off with code SAVEMORE  




50% Off The Criterion Collection  




Favorite Paperbacks: Buy 2, Get the 3rd Free  




Explore The Trend Shop  



Membership
Gift Cards
Stores & Events
Help





BNLogo

Auto Suggestions are available once you type at least 3 letters. Use up and down arrow to review and enter to select.


AllBooksNOOK BooksNOOKTextbooksBargain BooksNewsstandTeensKidsToys & GamesHobbies & CollectiblesHome & GiftsMovies & TVMusic










items in your shopping bag.
Click to view the items in your shopping bag

You have













×

Uh-oh, it looks like your Internet Explorer is out of date. 
 For a better shopping experience, please upgrade
now.







!

  Javascript is not enabled in your browser. Enabling
JavaScript in your browser will allow you to experience all the
features of our site.     Learn
how to enable JavaScript on your browser


















 
 
 





The Blackthorn Key (Blackthorn Key Series #1)

4.9
7


by Kevin SandsKevin Sands




 
 All Formats & Editions



See All Formats & Editions





Following a series of murders, an apothecary’s apprentice must solve puzzles and decipher codes in pursuit of a secret that could destroy the world in this “spectacular debut” (Kirkus Reviews, starred review).“Tell no one what I’ve given you.”Until he got that cryptic warning, Christopher Rowe was happy, learning how/i>

See more details below





The Blackthorn Key (Blackthorn Key Series #1) available in
Hardcover, Paperback, NOOK Book, Audiobook



Paperback
Reprint
(Reprint)



$7.99


$7.99



Format
Format


Hardcover - $11.96

Paperback - $7.99

NOOK Book - $7.99

Audiobook - $24.87














Sign In to Complete Instant Purchase
Eligible for FREE SHIPPING 

Get it by Monday, July 31
, Order now and choose Expedited Delivery during checkout.

25 New & Used from
$1.99





Save to Wishlist




Want it Today?Check Store Availability



9781481446525







Kids' Club EligibleWhat Do You Do With a Problem? Only $7.99















Overview
Editorial Reviews
Product Details
Related Subjects
Read an Excerpt


Meet the author






Overview



Following a series of murders, an apothecary’s apprentice must solve puzzles and decipher codes in pursuit of a secret that could destroy the world in this “spectacular debut” (Kirkus Reviews, starred review).“Tell no one what I’ve given you.”Until he got that cryptic warning, Christopher Rowe was happy, learning how to solve complex codes and puzzles and creating powerful medicines, potions, and weapons as an apprentice to Master Benedict Blackthorn—with maybe an explosion or two along the way.But when a mysterious cult begins to prey on London’s apothecaries, the trail of murders grows closer and closer to Blackthorn’s shop. With time running out, Christopher must use every skill he’s learned to discover the key to a terrible secret with the power to tear the world apart.In his stunning debut novel, Kevin Sands brings readers on a heart-stopping adventure rich with suspense, mystery, and unforgettable characters.


Advertising




Show More






Editorial Reviews


Newbery Honor and NYT bestselling author of Savvy  - Ingrid Law
"Captivating! A masterful page-turner brimming with secrets, traps, friendship, intrigue, pigeons, potions, loyalty, and explosions. Kevin Sands has created an engaging, kind-hearted, and humorous young hero in apothecary's apprentice Christopher Rowe. This thrilling adventure will keep you hooked."

author of the bestselling Artemis Fowl series  - Eoin Colfer
"Magic, adventure, and things that go boomI love this book."

bestsellling author of the Spy School series  - Stuart Gibbs
"An inspired blend of action, adventure, science, history, and humor, filled with fascinating facts, clever codes, and wonderful characters."

The New York Times Book Review  - Sabaa Tahir
…impeccably researched…Sands's representation of the teeming, stinking streets of 17th-century London is remarkable in its detail…the story gains a relentless momentum in the second half, when Christopher shines as a humorous narrator who is flawed enough to be relatable, but not so flawed that we can't imagine him succeeding in his quest. Perhaps the most refreshing aspect of the book is the trust Christopher's master places in him. In a genre where many adults are either dead, detached or outright villainous, a caring adult with complete faith in his charge's savvy is a nice change. The true villains of the book are cleverly concealed, resulting in a puzzle-filled, satisfyingly twisty tale.

Publishers Weekly
★ 06/29/2015First-time novelist Sands has written an exciting and self-assured tale of alchemy and dark secrets set during the late-17th-century reign of King Charles II. Fourteen-year-old orphan Christopher Rowe is lucky to be apprenticed to a kindly apothecary, Master Benedict Blackthorn. But someone—the Cult of the Archangel, it is rumored—is murdering London’s apothecaries, believing that members of the Apothecary’s Guild are concealing a dangerous secret. Christopher is an easygoing boy, fond of pranks and experiments (the book opens with his ill-advised and ill-fated attempt at mixing up some gunpowder), but after Master Benedict is assaulted, he finds himself on the run, pursued by the murderous henchmen of a rival apothecary and the dangerous Lord Richard Ashcombe, His Majesty’s Warden. Sands adeptly balances the novel’s darker turns with moments of levity and humor, and fills the book with nicely detailed characters and historical background—plus lots of explosions. It’s a story that should have broad appeal, while especially intriguing readers with an existing interest in chemistry, history, and decoding puzzles. Ages 10–14. Agent: Daniel Lazar, Writers House. (Sept.)

Kirkus Reviews
★ 2015-06-29It is 1665 London, and the streets are filled with orphans, thieves, madmen, and a few young apprentices as eager to have fun as to learn their trades. Fourteen-year-old Christopher is luckier than most. The apothecary Master ­­­­­­­­­­­­­Benedict Blackthorn is both intelligent and kind, forgiving both Christopher's mistakes as well as his ill-planned pranks. But when the Cult of the Archangel kills his master, Christopher is determined to complete his master's work and bring the killers to justice. However, all he has for help are his friend, baker's son Tom, and a hastily scribbled coded message from his master. This stunning and smart mystery is made even better by well-researched historical detail, intriguing characters, and genuinely funny moments. Whether accidentally shooting the shop's taxidermed bear with his homemade gun powder or outsmarting a ruthless cult of killers, Christopher makes a terrific protagonist, but it's his love for his friends and master as well as his fearless intellectual curiosity that make him a true hero. An epigraph sagely, if unnecessarily, warns against employing the many 17th-century remedies. While many readers will love the story, it is unlikely they will try a recipe for saltpeter that involves marinating pigeon droppings in urine—but they will revel in reciting it at dinnertime. An author's note discusses standardized spelling and the Gregorian vs. Julian calendars. A spectacular debut. (Historical mystery. 8-12)


Show More







Product Details


ISBN-13:

9781481446525
Publisher:

Aladdin
Publication date:
05/03/2016
Series:

Blackthorn Key Series
, #1
Edition description:
Reprint
Pages:
400
Sales rank:
62,782
Product dimensions:
 5.10(w) x 7.60(h) x 1.10(d)
Age Range:
10 - 14 Years






Related Subjects


2015 Parents' Choice Award for Fiction

2016 Canadian Children's Book Centre Award Winners

Adventure, Adventurers & Heroes - Kids Fiction

European People, Places & Cultures - Kids Fiction

John Spray Mystery Award Winners

Mysteries & Thrillers - Kids Fiction

Occupations - Kids Fiction





Read an Excerpt


The Blackthorn Key  “LET’S BUILD A CANNON,” I said.Tom wasn’t listening. He was deep in concentration, tongue pinched between his teeth, as he steeled himself for combat with the stuffed black bear that ruled the front corner of my master’s shop. Tom stripped off his linen shirt and flung it heroically across the antimony cups gleaming on the display table near the fire. From the oak shelf nearest to him, he snatched the glazed lid of an apothecary jar—Blackthorn’s Wart-Be-Gone, according to the scrawl on the label—and held it on guard, a miniature ceramic shield. In his right hand, the rolling pin wobbled threateningly.Tom Bailey, son of William the Baker, was the finest fake soldier I’d ever seen. Though only two months older than me, he was already a foot taller, and built like a blacksmith, albeit a slightly pudgy one, due to a steady pilfering of his father’s pies. And in the safety of my master’s shop, away from the horrors of battle like death, pain, or even a mild scolding, Tom’s courage held no equal.He glared at the inanimate bear. The floorboards creaked as he stepped within range of its wickedly curved claws. Tom shoved the curio cabinet aside, making the brass balances jingle. Then he hoisted his flour-dusted club in salute. The frozen beast roared back silently, inch-long teeth promising death. Or several minutes of tedious polishing, at least.I sat on the counter at the back, legs dangling, and clicked leather heels against the carved cedar. I could be patient. You had to be, sometimes, with Tom, whose mind worked as it pleased.“Think you can steal my sheep, Mr. Bear?” he said. “I’ll give you no quarter this day.” Suddenly, he stopped, rolling pin held outward in midlunge. I could almost see the clockwork cranking between his ears. “Wait. What?” He looked back at me, puzzled. “What did you say?”“Let’s build a cannon,” I said.“What does that mean?”“Just what you think it means. You and me. Build a cannon. You know.” I spread my hands. “Boom?”Tom frowned. “We can’t do that.”“Why not?”“Because people can’t just build cannons, Christopher.” He said it like he was explaining why you shouldn’t eat fire to a small, dull child.“But that’s where cannons come from,” I said. “People build them. You think God sends cannons down from heaven for Lent?”“You know what I mean.”I folded my arms. “I don’t understand why you’re not more excited about this.”“Maybe that’s because you’re never the one on the pointy end of your schemes.”“What schemes? I don’t have any schemes.”“I spent all night throwing up that ‘strength potion’ you invented,” he said.He did look a little dark under the eyes today. “Ah. Yes. Sorry.” I winced. “I think I put in too much black snail. It needed less snail.”“What it needed was less Tom.”“Don’t be such a baby,” I said. “Vomiting is good for you, anyway. It balances the humors.”“I like my humors the way they are,” he said.“But I have a recipe this time.” I grabbed the parchment I’d leaned against the coin scales on the countertop and waved it at him. “A real one. From Master Benedict.”“How can a cannon have a recipe?”“Not the whole cannon. Just the gunpowder.”Tom got very still. He scanned the jars around him, as if among the hundreds of potions, herbs, and powders that ringed the shop was a remedy that would somehow get him out of this. “That’s illegal.”“Knowing a recipe isn’t illegal,” I said.“Making it is.”That was true. Only masters, and only those with a royal charter, were allowed to mix gunpowder. I was a long way from either.“And Lord Ashcombe is on the streets today,” Tom said.Now that made me pause. “You saw him?”Tom nodded. “On Cheapside, after church. He had two of the King’s Men with him.”“What’d he look like?”“Mean.”“Mean” was exactly what I’d imagined. Lord Richard Ashcombe, Baron of Chillingham, was King Charles’s loyal general, and His Majesty’s Warden here in London. He was in the city hunting for a pack of killers. In the past four months, five men had been butchered in their homes. Each of them had been tied up, tortured, then slit open at the stomach and left to bleed to death.Three of the victims had been apothecaries, a fact that had me seeing assassins in the shadows every night. No one was sure what the killers wanted, but sending in Lord Ashcombe meant the king was serious about stopping them. Lord Ashcombe had a reputation for getting rid of men hostile to the Crown—usually by sticking their heads on pikes in the public square.Still, we didn’t need to be that cautious. “Lord Ashcombe’s not coming here,” I said, as much to myself as to Tom. “We haven’t killed anyone. And the King’s Warden isn’t likely to stop by for a suppository, is he?”“What about your master?” Tom said.“He doesn’t need a suppository.”Tom made a face. “I mean, isn’t he coming back? It’s getting close to dinnertime.” He said “dinnertime” with a certain wistfulness.“Master Benedict just bought the new edition of Culpeper’s herbal,” I said. “He’s at the coffeehouse with Hugh. They’ll be gone for ages.”Tom pressed his ceramic shield to his chest. “This is a bad idea.”I hopped down from the counter and grinned.•  •  •To be an apothecary, you must understand this: The recipe is everything.It isn’t like baking a cake. The potions, creams, jellies, and powders Master Benedict made—with my help—required an incredibly delicate touch. A spoonful too little niter, a pinch too much aniseed, and your brilliant new remedy for dropsy would congeal instead into worthless green goo.But new recipes didn’t fall from the sky. You had to discover them. This took weeks, months, even years of hard work. It cost a fortune, too: ingredients, apparatus, coal to stoke the fire, ice to chill the bath. Most of all, it was dangerous. Blazing fires. Molten metals. Elixirs that smelled sweet but ate away your insides. Tinctures that looked as harmless as water but threw off deadly, invisible fumes. With each new experiment, you gambled with your life. So a working formula was better than gold.If you could read it.↓M08→02160911101825261310092611221315240322132410220710092611221315141607011613010417261122131514142207151126152613021304092514261122132215260720080419Tom scratched his cheek. “I thought there’d be more words and things.”“It’s in code,” I said.He sighed. “Why is it always in code?”“Because other apothecaries will do anything to steal your secrets. When I have my own shop,” I said proudly, “I’m putting everything in code. No one’s going to swipe my recipes.”“No one will want your recipes. Except poisoners, I suppose.”“I said I was sorry.”“Maybe this is in code,” Tom said, “because Master Benedict doesn’t want anyone to read it. And by ‘anyone,’ I mean you.”“He teaches me new ciphers every week.”“Did he teach you this one?”“I’m sure he’d planned to.”“Christopher.”“But I figured it out. Look.” I pointed at the notation ↓M08→. “It’s a substitution cipher. Every two numbers stand for one letter. This tells you how to swap them. Start with ‘08,’ and replace it with M. Then count forward. So 08 is M, 09 is N, and so on. Like this.”I showed him the table I’d worked out.A20B21C22D23E01F02G03H04I05K06L07M08N09O10P11Q12R13S14T15V16X17Y18Z19Tom looked between the cipher and the block of numbers at the top of the page. “So if you replace the numbers with the right letters . . .”“. . . You get your message.” I flipped the parchment over to show the translation I’d inked on the back.GunpowderOne part charcoal. One part sulfur. Five parts saltpeter.Grind separately. Mix.Which is what we did. We set up on the larger display table, farther from the fireplace, based on Tom’s reasonable suggestion that gunpowder and flames weren’t friends. Tom moved the bleeding spoons from the table and got the mortars and pestles from the window near the bear while I pulled the ingredient jars from the shelves.I ground the charcoal. Sooty clouds puffed into the air, mixing with the earthy scent of the dried roots and herbs hanging from the rafters. Tom, glancing uneasily at the front door for any sign of my master, took care of the saltpeter, crushing the crystals that looked just like ordinary table salt. The sulfur was already a fine yellow powder, so while Tom swirled the ingredients together, I got a length of brass pipe sealed at one end from the workshop in the back. I used a nail to widen a hole near the sealed end. Into that, I slipped a loop of woven, ash-colored cord.Tom raised his eyebrows. “Master Benedict keeps cannon fuse?”“We use it to light things from far away,” I said.“You know,” Tom said, “things you have to light from far away probably shouldn’t be lit at all.”The mixture we ended up with looked harmless, just a fine black powder. Tom poured it into the open end while I propped up the pipe. A narrow stream spilled over the side, scattering charcoal grains onto the floor. I stamped the powder in the tube down with cotton wadding.“What are we going to use for a cannonball?” Tom said.Master Benedict didn’t keep anything in the store that would fit snugly in the pipe. The best I could come up with was a handful of lead shot we used for shavings to put in our remedies. They scraped down the brass and landed with a hollow thump on the cotton at the bottom.Now we needed a target, and soon. It had taken a lot longer to put everything together than I thought it would, and though I’d assured Tom that my master wouldn’t return, his comings and goings weren’t exactly predictable.“We’re not firing this thing outside,” Tom said.He was right about that. The neighbors would not look kindly on lead shot flying through their parlors. And as tempting a target as the stuffed beaver on the mantel was, Master Benedict was even less likely to appreciate us going to war with the animals that decorated his shop.“What about that?” I said. Hanging from the ceiling near the fireplace was a small iron cauldron. “We can shoot at the bottom of it.”Tom pushed aside the antimony cups on the other table, leaving enough space to put down the cauldron. I picked up our cannon and pressed it against my abdomen to hold it steady. Tom tore a scrap of parchment from our deciphered recipe and held it in the fire until it caught. Then he lit the cannon’s wick. Sparks fizzed, racing toward the pipe like a flaming hornet. Tom dived behind the counter and peeked over the top.“Watch this,” I said.The blast nearly blew my ears off. I saw a burst of flame, and a mound of smoke, then the pipe kicked back like an angry ox and nailed me right between the legs.



Show More









Meet the Author








Since escaping from university with a pair of degrees in theoretical physics, Kevin Sands has worked as a researcher, a business consultant, and a teacher. He lives in Toronto, Canada. He is the author of the award-winning and bestselling Blackthorn Key series.










Customer Reviews

Average Review: 



Write a Review


Post to your social network

 
 
 






Most Helpful Customer Reviews


See all customer reviews










































Kevin Barner - Michael Best & Friedrich LLP












SearchMichael Best & Friedrich LLP Website works best with JavaScript enabled.Home > People > Kevin BarnerPRINTPDFSHAREPeopleIndustriesPracticesOur FirmEventsNewsroomCareersOfficesStay in TouchYouTubeFacebookLinkedInTwitterExplore our Microsites
VENTURE BEST®
Guiding clients through transactions
MICHAEL BEST STRATEGIES
Where business and government meet
 
Blogs
Be Your Own Best Blog
BRIC Wall Blog
Federal Circuit Weekly
HR Genius Bar Blog
Software and Section 101

Kevin M. BarnerManaging Partner, Washington, D.C. Officekmbarner@michaelbest.comWashington, D.C.T.202.747.9573Legal AssistantDoh Y. Kimdykim@michaelbest.comT.202.747.9583Download vCardLinkedinOverviewKevin procures patents for clients in a wide range of technologies and also enforces clients’ patents in various federal courts and defends clients in court when their products or services are alleged to infringe others’ patents.Kevin’s extensive technical and legal experience uniquely qualify him to assist clients with U.S. and international patent development strategy and guide them through enforcement and defense proceedings.ExperienceKevin has hands-on, technical experience and knowledge in the areas of telecommunication devices including wireless communication hardware, software and networking techniques, lighting fixtures and control circuitry, semiconductor device design and manufacturing, commercial electronics including digital televisions and display technology, printers, computers and computer networking techniques, GFCIs, and smoke detectors and lasers. He also has experience with electrical and mechanical medical devices.Prior to joining Michael Best, Kevin practiced for 17 years with three different intellectual property boutique law firms in Washington, D.C.
 
Before entering the legal profession, Kevin had a lengthy technical career at Northrop Grumman (formerly Westinghouse Electric Corp.), where he was a senior hardware design engineer. While at Northrop, Kevin designed and integrated various electronics hardware modules for commercial and military radar and communication systems.Professional Activities
Member, American Intellectual Property Law Association
Member, Maryland State Bar Association
Member, American Bar Association 

Related NewsPublicationOctober 3, 2016 Michael Best Names New Washington, D.C. Office Managing PartnerRelated PracticesIntellectual PropertyEnforcement, Clearance & DefensePatentUnfair Competition & Trade SecretsLicensing & Technology AgreementsEducationUniversity of Baltimore School of Law, Juris Doctor (J.D.), 1998; Executive Editor, Law Forum; Editor, Intellectual Property Law JournalUniversity of Baltimore Merrick School of Business, Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.), 1993University of Delaware, Bachelor of Science (B.S.), 1987; Electrical EngineeringAdmissionsDistrict of ColumbiaMarylandUnited States District Court, District of MarylandUnited States District Court, Eastern District of MichiganUnited States Patent and Trademark Office

Any information you convey to Michael Best & Friedrich LLP via the internet may not be secure, and any information conveyed prior to establishing an attorney-client relationship may not be privileged or confidential. The establishment of an attorney-client relationship requires prior satisfaction of multiple factors, including resolution of conflicts and mutual agreement on the terms of the engagement. Before speaking with a Michael Best attorney, please do not convey any more information than is reasonably necessary to describe generally the matter, and to identify the adverse parties. Please do not convey any information you deem as confidential. Please click the “Accept” button below to confirm that you understand and accept the foregoing statement and wish to proceed in sending a message.
Michael Best & Friedrich LLP - Email Disclaimerback to top


















Kevin J. Barner - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Kevin J. Barner
Former Board Member at Forterra, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Kevin J. Barner? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Kevin J. Barner's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Kevin J. Barner's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Kevin J. Barner's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Kevin J. Barner through your network of contacts.
												








Kevin J. Barner's Executive Work History


Past
To view Kevin J. Barner's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
34

 


Kevin J. Barner's Biography



Mr. Barner became a director upon the listing of our common stock in February 2017. Mr. Barner is a Managing Director of Lone Star North America Acquisitions LLC, an affiliate of ours and Lone Star, where he focuses on origination and underwriting activities related to corporate private equity and debt investments throughout the North America region. Previously, Mr. Barner served as a Director of Lone Star North America Acquisitions LLC from June 2014 to December 2016 and a Vice President at Hudson Americas L.P., an affiliate of ours and Lone Star, from August 2012 to June 2014, serving in an origination, underwriting, and asset management ro ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Barner became a director upon the listing of our common stock in February 2017. Mr. Barner is a Managing Director of Lone Star North America Acquisitions LLC, an affiliate of ours and Lone Star, where he focuses on origination and underwriting activities related to corporate private equity and debt investments throughout the North America region. Previously, Mr. Barner served as a Director of Lone Star North America Acquisitions LLC from June 2014 to December 2016 and a Vice President at Hudson Americas L.P., an affiliate of ours and Lone Star, from August 2012 to June 2014, serving in an origination, underwriting, and asset management role on various operating company investments made by several of Lone Star's funds. Prior to joining Hudson Americas, from March 2006 to August 2012, Mr. Barner served as a Vice President and Associate at The Halifax Group, a middle-market private equity firm, where he was responsible for identifying, evaluating and sourcing private equity investment opportunities and was a board member or board observer for several of Halifax's portfolio companies. Previously, Mr. Barner was an Analyst with BB&T Capital Markets Investment Banking specializing in mergers and acquisitions across a variety of industries. Mr. Barner served as a member of the board of directors of Continental Building Products, Inc. from March 2015 to March 2016 and currently serves as a member of the board of directors Forterra, Inc. and a number of privately held companies.  Mr. Barner - brings broad expertise in financial management to the Board. His extensive experience in private equity and the financial markets also allows him to make valuable contributions with respect to our capital structure and financing, acquisition and investing activities.
		
Source: Foundation Building Materials, Inc. on 10/21/2016
		
	

 
 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Kevin J. Barner's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Kevin J. Barner. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Kevin J. Barner's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Kevin J. Barner's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Kevin J. Barner through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Kevin J. Barner


















Kevin J. Barner's Connections (32)





Sign up now to view Kevin J. Barner's 32 connections »









Jeffrey Bradley
Dir. and Chief Executive Officer, Forterra, Inc.









William M. Brown
See Remarks, Forterra, Inc.









Michael O. Moore
Board Member, Continental Building Products, Inc.









James W. Bachmann
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Continental Building Products, Inc.









John R. McPherson
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Strategy Officer, Vulcan Materials Company









David R. Obergefell
Former Senior Vice President, Manufacturing, Continental Building Products, Inc.









Muhammad S. Malik
Senior Vice President, Sales, Marketing and Supply Chain, Continental Building Products, Inc.









Dennis Romps
Chief Accounting Officer, Continental Building Products, Inc.









Clinton D. McDonnough
Board Member, UDR, Inc.









Timothy Power
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Continental Building Products, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993





































































BARNER, KEVIN | Obituaries | richmond.com




































You are the owner of this article.

 Edit Article
 Add New Article












Today's Weather Forecast
























SUBSCRIBE TO THE RTD





Welcome, Guest
Sign Up

                        Log In
                    





Dashboard
 Logout




My Account



My Account
 Dashboard
 Profile
 Saved items

 Logout























                                Home
                            






                                News
                            



                                        Crime
                                    


                                        City of Richmond
                                    


                                        Chesterfield County
                                    


                                        Henrico County
                                    


                                        Town of Ashland
                                    


                                        Hanover County
                                    


                                        Goochland County
                                    


                                        Powhatan County
                                    


                                        Tri-Cities
                                    


                                        Virginia
                                    


                                        Virginia Politics
                                    


                                        Nation & World
                                    


                                        Columnist Michael Paul Williams
                                    


                                        Columnist Jeff Schapiro
                                    


                                        Columnist Mark Holmberg
                                    


                                        Columnist Bill Lohmann
                                    


                                        Data Center
                                    


                                        Archives
                                    


                                        Goochland Gazette
                                    


                                        Powhatan Today
                                    


                                        Mechanicsville Local
                                    



                                Weather
                            






                                Obituaries
                            



                                        Death Notices
                                    





                                Business
                            



                                        Local
                                    


                                        Metro Business
                                    


                                        Biz Buzz
                                    


                                        Top 50 Employers
                                    


                                        Top Workplaces
                                    


                                        On the Move
                                    


                                        You Need to Meet
                                    


                                        Business Directory
                                    





                                Entertainment
                            



                                        Events Calendar
                                    


                                        Events
                                    


                                        Top Five Weekend Events
                                    


                                        Arts & Theater
                                    


                                        Movies & Television
                                    


                                        Music
                                    


                                        Games & Puzzles
                                    


                                        TV Listings
                                    





                                Events
                            



                                        Events Calendar
                                    


                                        Submit an Event
                                    


                                        RTD Presents: The 2017 Speaker Series
                                    


                                        RTD Gallery
                                    


                                        RTD Top Workplaces
                                    


                                        RTD One Day University
                                    





                                Food & Drink
                            



                                        Restaurant News
                                    


                                        Restaurant Reviews
                                    


                                        Business Directory
                                    


                                        Recipes
                                    


                                        Beer, Wine & Spirits
                                    





                                Opinion
                            



                                        Columnists & Commentary
                                    


                                        Our Opinions
                                    


                                        Letters to the Editor
                                    


                                        Public Square
                                    


                                        Columnist Bart Hinkle
                                    


                                        Columnist Robin Beres
                                    





                                Sports
                            



                                        High School Sports
                                    


                                        College Sports
                                    


                                        University of Richmond
                                    


                                        University of Virginia
                                    


                                        Virginia Tech
                                    


                                        VCU
                                    


                                        Washington Redskins
                                    


                                        Richmond Flying Squirrels
                                    


                                        Richmond Kickers
                                    


                                        Monument Ave. 10k
                                    


                                        AP News Service
                                    


                                        Auto Racing
                                    


                                        Outdoors
                                    


                                        Columnist Paul Woody
                                    


                                        Columnist Mike Szvetitz
                                    





                                Video
                            



                                        Submit a video
                                    



                                Photos
                            




                                Data Center
                            




                                E-edition
                            




                                Business Directory
                            




                                Classified Listings
                            






                                Autos
                            



                                        Sell your vehicle
                                    





                                Jobs
                            



                                        Join Our Team
                                    





                                Real Estate
                            



                                        Classified Listings
                                    


                                        Commercial
                                    


                                        Featured Homes & Neighborhoods
                                    


                                        New Construction
                                    


                                        Open Houses
                                    



                                Weddings & Engagements
                            




                                Contests
                            




                                Club RTD
                            




                                RTD 101
                            




                                Contact Us
                            




                                About Us
                            























85°
Scattered Clouds 







 



                                
                                    Richmond, VA
                                
                                 (23219)

Today
Partly cloudy.
Tonight
Partly cloudy. Low 68F. Winds light and variable.
 Updated: July 26, 2017 @ 4:54 pm



 Full Forecast





Weather sponsored by: James River Air




  Winner of the 2016 Virginia Press Association Award for Journalistic Integrity and Community Service

  Winner of the 2016 Virginia Press Association Award forJournalistic Integrity and Community Service



















































Close

























































































        
        BARNER, KEVIN
    



May 22, 2017











































                            Obituaries
                                







                            Death Notices
                                







                            News Obituaries
                                







                            In Memoriam
                                







                            Cards Of Thanks
                                







                            Obituaries
                                






























































































































BARNER, Kevin T., age 21, of Chester, departed this life May 17, 2017. He is survived by his father and mother, Keith and Pansey Barner; paternal grandmother, Jacqueline Marrow(Herbert); paternal grandfather, John Braxton Jr. (Maria); one brother, Keith Barner Jr.; 11 aunts among them a devoted aunt and caregiver, Carolyn Mitchell; five uncles, a host of cousins, other relatives and friends. Remains rest at Joseph Jenkins Jr. Funeral Home, 2011 Grayland Ave., where the family will receive friends from 6:30 to 7:30 p.m. Monday. Celebration of Life will be held 1 p.m. Tuesday, at Sixth Mt. Zion Baptist Church, 14 W. Duval St., where remains will lie in state one hour prior to funeral time. Rev. Tyrone E. Nelson, pastor, officiating. Interment Riverview Cemetery. Family and friends assemble at church 12:45 p.m. Tuesday. Online condolences can be made at www.jenkinsjr.com.View online memorial




















































Tags


Keith Barner Jr.


Christianity


Worship



















                
                Obituaries in the News
                
                    








            Tuesday, July 25, 2017
















        

        
        B.B. 'Dusty' Rhodes, former Dinwiddie County sheriff, dies at 74


Bruce Benson “Dusty” Rhodes, sheriff of Dinwiddie County from Jan. 1, 2008, to December 31, …



















        

        
        Barbara Sinatra, Frank's 4th wife and philanthropist, dies


LOS ANGELES (AP) — Barbara Sinatra, the fourth wife of legendary singer Frank Sinatra and a …








            Sunday, July 23, 2017
















        

        
        'He lived life with no regrets': Wife remembers Henrico police officer who died suddenly at age 44


The Craft household was already preparing to send one member into a new world as their daugh…








            Saturday, July 22, 2017
















        

        
        First-ever VCU dean of business and eternal Ram fan dies at 91


Weeks before his death, Virginia Commonwealth University’s first dean of business sat in the…








            Thursday, July 20, 2017
















        

        
        Linkin Park frontman Chester Bennington dies in LA at 41


LOS ANGELES (AP) — Linkin Park lead singer Chester Bennington, whose screeching vocals helpe…







More News Obituaries










                
                Cemetery Lots
                
                    











        

        
        FOREST LAWN CEMETERY


FOREST LAWN - 2 cemetery plots. Section 8, Lot 110, plots 4 & 5. $1500 each or $2500 for…







More Cemetery Lots































    Richmond Times-Dispatch, Richmond, VA  © 2017 BH Media Group, Inc.
     | Terms of Use





































Kevin Barnes at AudioSparx

























































































 


Music
Sound Effects
Instruments
Genres
Artists
Client Videos






Moods
        
      Styles
























  Home  


  About  


  HyperSearch  


  Music  


  Playlists  


  Videos  


  Sound Effects  


  Artists  


  Sign Up  

  Help  


  Contact  







Follow























Share This Page
 



 



 










  BPM  
  My Projects  
  Cart  
  Sign In  
  My Account  




































Home >
    Artists >

    
      Kevin Barnes >
    
    













Kevin Barnes
Home: Vallejo, California  USA   
      

    
Composer Kevin Barnes is a versitile music producer and musician from the Bay Area in California. His beats have been liscensed on MTV and E networks, and his music has been featured on Access Hollywood, Making The Band, Keeping Up With The Kardasians, Rob And Big, etc. Kevin also has a placement with the NBA basketball team, the Portland Trailblazers, and created the team's Theme Title Song. Composing in Dramatic, Hip Hop, R&B, Pop, Country, and other genres, Kevin has been signed with G-Unit record label for future projects, plus he scored a hot new Heineken Commercial!
















Genres for This Artist



Total Tracks: 38











Instrumental Tracks (38 Tracks)  | 
    
  






Music Genres For Kevin Barnes
Action | Cartoon | Childrens | Corporate | Dance | Dangerous | Dramatic | Hip Hop | Middle East | News | Pop | RnB | Rock | Soundalikes | 









Tracks for This Artist










   Alphabetically-Ordered Tracks





IMPORTANT:  To refine track results, adjust the filter and/or sort options below.





Edit Type

All
(Pending)




Society

All Worldwide
US Plus
Unaffiliated





Show All Mixes

No
Yes




Sort Method

Best Selling
Artist Choice
Exclusive First
Recently Added
Alphabetic
Variety

























PAGE 1   
 1 












80S DANCE SCENE
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2009
















Smokin hot bassline,  Punchy Drums, Calm pads, Perfect fro any car commercial, perfect for a bank heist scene, getaway scene, Car chase scene, Also perfect for any product promotion, Geico, Farmers insurance, Bet Interviews, MTV interviews,also perfect for mystery scenes, Instrumental, Dance, Dance (pending cat.)









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Full Track - Dance, Dance (pending cat.)





383413


4:01


Medium 122


  
    

  
USD $103.95±





































ARABIAN JOURNEY
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2010
















Exotic Middle East trailer or filmscore. Dramatic and edgy. Mysterious male chanting, dark strings, adventurous snares, and big orchestral ending. Perfect for desert chases, battles, nomads on camels crossing the Sahara, bedouin tribal council, drug cartels, OPEC intrigue. Globe Trekker, tourism.  Instrumental, Middle East, Contemporary Dramatic









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Full Track - Middle East, Contemporary Dramatic





387964


1:24


Mixed 124


  
    

  
USD $78.95±





































BIG HAPPY SITCOM THEMESONG
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2010
















A fun & festive track brimming with enthusiasm, excitement and a happy, bouncy vibe. Dancing drums, ambient pianos & a perky ending. Perfect Themesong for All in the Family, Everybody Hates Chris, The Andy Griffith Show, or any wholesome family-oriented TV or Film production. Kids cartoon or comedy.  Instrumental, Dramatic, Energizing Music









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Full Track - Dramatic, Energizing Music





388842


2:38


Medium 125


  
    

  
USD $173.95±





































CLUB MYSTERY
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2009
















Powerful drum Pattern, Catchy Lead line, Dreamy Pads, Crunching Claps, Perfect for any car commercial, perfect for any clothing product store,  Prince Vibe, 80s Vibe, Instrumental, Dance, Dance (pending cat.)









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Full Track - Dance, Dance (pending cat.)





383398


3:49


Medium 128


  
    

  
USD $101.95±





































CLUB SMASH
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2009
















Hard hitting Drums, Big Strings that compliment the driving synth, Perfect for any club scene, perfect for Any car commercial, perfect for any product promotion, old navy, macys, good for dance scenes, routine cheerleading scenes, youthful, Mtv interviews, bet Interviews,, Instrumental, Hip Hop, Hip Hop Instrumental









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Full Track - Hip Hop, Hip Hop Instrumental





383492


4:40


Slow 79


  
    

  
USD $98.95±





































CRYING INSIDE
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2009
















Beautiful flowing full symphony orchestra. Emotional strings, low-key percussion. Urban hook-ups, midnight at the club. Swirling dancing emotional & soulful. 30-something romantic drama, soundcape for passionate scenes, foreplay, lovemaking. Sweet warm loving playful & vibrant. Sweet & flirtatious, Instrumental, RnB, RnB Ballads









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Full Track - RnB, RnB Ballads





383482


3:43


Med Slow 84


  
    

  
USD $104.95±





































DARK CLUB
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2009
















Smokin hot guitars, Mysterious choirs, Marching Drums, Simple pianos that compliment arrangement. Perfect for serious commercials, Serious movie scenes, Mtv, Bet interviews, Will work for any product promotions, Takes you on a journey! Feirce breakdown, Could work for fighting scenes, Instrumental, Hip Hop, Hip Hop Instrumental









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Full Track - Hip Hop, Hip Hop Instrumental





383444


4:41


Med Slow 89


  
    

  
USD $98.95±





































DISCO BALL
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2009
















Centric guitars, constant drum pattern, driving bassline, Funky guitars, Perfect for any car commercial, perfect for any product promotion, Geico, farmers, Burger king, Can be used for bar scenes,  could be used for shows like CSI, Mysterious vibe, Law and order, Instrumental, Dance, Dance (pending cat.)









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Full Track - Dance, Dance (pending cat.)





383412


4:02


Medium 129


  
    

  
USD $103.95±





































FAST PACE
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2009
















Old School drums, Driving bass, Melodic Bells, Sexy synth riffs. Perfect for any car commercial or product promotion from clothes to fast food, Geico commercials or any upbeat happy product placement. TV, Film, website, urban themes, club, bar, lounge. Romance, dancing in the club, romantic comedy.  Instrumental, Dance, Dance (pending cat.)









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Full Track - Dance, Dance (pending cat.)





383405


3:43


Medium 122


  
    

  
USD $89.95±





































FUN CARTOON THEME
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2010
















Fun, happy animated instrumental. Elegant pianos, playful flute melody, ticklish ending, perfect for bouncy cartoon or kids pranks, sing alongs and after school play, or talking toys. Snappy, campy game show track, builds tension with bells, whistles and musical surprises. Toys R Us, Mattel Toys.  Instrumental, Cartoon, Cartoon Orchestral Retro









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Bed - Cartoon, Cartoon Orchestral Retro





398131


0:44


Med Fast 139


  
    

  
USD $68.95±





































FUN WALTZ
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2010
















Elegant, catchy melody, marching and fun orchestral track with powerful pianos, chanting snare drums. Great for kids video or cartoon, toy embed, or sitcom, warm family drama, school parade, little marching robots, advert or commercial, TV, radio or movie trailer, film credits. Vibrant soundscape.  Instrumental, Dramatic, Whimsical Music









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Full Track - Dramatic, Whimsical Music





388075


1:19


Medium 126


  
    

  
USD $110.95±





































GET UP
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2009
















Hard Hitting Drums, Catchy melody, Bouncy House Music, Perfect for any car commercial, Perfect for Geico commercials, works for any product promotions, can also work for fast food commercials, KFC, Burger King,  Lady GAGA Meets rihanna, Instrumental, Dance, House music









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Full Track - Dance, House music





383403


3:52


Medium 117


  
    

  
USD $101.95±





































HAPPY CORPORATE PROMOTION
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2010
















Joyful and pulsing build to an exciting big-bang close. Fun pianos & driving drum pattern. Dramatic, upbeat and vibrant, perfect for any corporate video, ad campaign, sitcom or romantic comedy theme song, wwi fitness game, new car commercial, Pepsi generation, game show, or news energize theme.  Instrumental, Corporate, Corporate









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Bed - Corporate, Corporate





398132


0:40


Medium 124


  
    

  
USD $69.95±





































HAPPY DANCE
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2010
















Uplifting pianos, Happy elegant arrangement Hard hitting hiphop drums , perfect for any product promotion old navy, ford, subway, could be used for love scenes, teen crush scenes, climatic ending. Fun high school crush, Think leona Lewis, Instrumental, Dance, Dance (pending cat.)









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Full Track - Dance, Dance (pending cat.)





387969


1:49


Medium 107


  
    

  
USD $70.95±





































HAPPY TIMES
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2009
















MeaningFul Pianos, Great Melody, Fun Happy Elements, Techno Drum Pattern, Perfect for happy commercials, Car commercials, Family movies, Familiy commercials, Geico Commercial, Perfect for high school movies, teen commercials, Old Navy Commercials, Movie trailers, Calm Ending, coming soon trailers, Instrumental, Pop, Alt Pop









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Full Track - Pop, Alt Pop





383389


4:21


Medium 117


  
    

  
USD $110.95±





































KID CRUSH
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2009
















Beautiful piano, Fun Drum pattern, Youthful melody, Perfect for scool commercials, perfect for any car commercial, perfect for any product promotion. Kid crush scene, Perfect for lovers walking on the beach scene, Dreamy pads. Catchy melody, Instrumental, RnB, RnB Pop









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Full Track - RnB, RnB Pop





383462


4:20


Slow 75


  
    

  
USD $104.95±





































KIDDY BOP
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2009
















Playful piano, Fun Elements, Smoking guitars, Perfect for childrens commercials, Perfect for childrens shows, Perfect for any car commercial, Perfect for fun products, Holiday saving commercials, Childrens Commercials,CLIMAX, Instrumental, Pop, Dream Pop









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Full Track - Pop, Dream Pop





383393


3:43


Med Fast 134


  
    

  
USD $114.95±





































LIFE PARTY
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2009
















Driving Drums, Fun melodic Synths, Hard Kicks, Perfect for cheerleading scenes, Americas Best dance crew, So You Think You can Dance, Perfect for car commercials, Geico commercials. Great for any product promotions, nike, Lexus, Burger king, high School musical,, Instrumental, Dance, Cheerleading









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Full Track - Dance, Cheerleading





383396


3:58


Medium 120


  
    

  
USD $103.95±





































LOVE CAN HURT
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2009
















Smoking Hot Guitars with great Percussion, Works well in bar fights, Works for any car commercial, Geico commercial, Perfect for Meaningful scenes, love scene, heartfelt scene, Perfect for REAL WORLD Intro, can be used for any product promotions, Very exciting B section, Instrumental, Dance, House music









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Full Track - Dance, House music





383397


3:42


Med Fast 131


  
    

  
USD $89.95±





































MYSTERY THEME SONG
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2010
















Mysterious instrumental, thriving melody, complimenting drum pattern, fun ending. Murder mystery, dark humor, Everybody Hates Chris, car commercial promo, website, news energize. Cool for 1940s tough detective series or crime caper, the PI on the case of a missing heiress or lost dog. Teens, Romcom.  Instrumental, Action, Theme RnB Retro Kitsch









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Bed - Action, Theme RnB Retro Kitsch





398133


0:40


Medium 124


  
    

  
USD $53.95±





































NEWS 101
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2010
















Action packed, energetic and edgy instrumental for breaking news or investigation. Modern, pulsing themesong for shows like CNN, ABC, NBC, Fox or ESPN. Dramatic, hard hitting sports and action themes. Motivational corporate branding, ad campaign, corporate video, high tech or scientific discoveries.  Instrumental, News, News Investigative









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












60sec - News, News Investigative





398130


1:03


Med Fast 140


  
    

  
USD $114.95±





































OLD MACDONALD
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2010
















A sweet version with happy children singing a playful version of Old MacDonald nursery rhyme. Perfect for Barney, any Nick Jr or Nickelodian show, kids cartoons, animation or comedy. Families & after-school fun about chicks & cluck-clucks here & cluck-clucks there, and cows and other farm animals.  Instrumental, Childrens, Nursery Rhymes









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Full Track - Childrens, Nursery Rhymes





437769


1:25


Med Slow 96


  
    

  
USD $81.95±





































ORCHESTRA  MIND
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2009
















Big orchestral drums, driving melody, dreamy strings, colorful choir. Dramatic mysterious, a little melancholic. 1940s 1950s melodrama. Builds, gets darker & edgier with a powerful close. Dark suspenseful scenes, transitions flashbacks, heated romance soap opera love affair, crime investigation, Instrumental, Dangerous, Edgy Music









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Full Track - Dangerous, Edgy Music





383391


2:15


Mixed 125


  
    

  
USD $101.95±





































PIANO DRAMA
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2009
















Soothing piano, Smoking Hot Guitars, Banging Drum Pattern, Powerful Stringline, Romantic Ending, Perfect for car commercials, perfect for romantic scenes, Perfect for happy scenes, Perfect for travel commercials, Family reunion commercials, Perfect for drama kissing scenes,, Instrumental, Pop, Pop Ballad









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Full Track - Pop, Pop Ballad





383382


4:53


Med Slow 100


  
    

  
USD $110.95±





































POP FEEL
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2009
















Smoking Hot guitars with Great percussion, dreamy strings, solid drum pattern, Takes u on a journey, transitions. great for car commercials, perfect for high school dance scenes, beer commercials, Geico Commercials, Perfect breakdown for Transitions and smooth conversations.  Instrumental, Pop, Dream Pop









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Full Track - Pop, Dream Pop





383373


4:08


Med Fast 131


  
    

  
USD $110.95±





































ROCK JOURNEY
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2009
















Smoking hot Guitars, Ambiant drum pattern, Catchy melody, Pop melody, perfect for any car commercial, perfect for any product promotion old navy, subway, could be used for high school cheerleading, motorcycle scene, chase scene, get away scene, racing scene, driving fast scene, horror movie credits, Instrumental, Rock, Pop Rock









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Full Track - Rock, Pop Rock





383489


3:31


Med Fast 139


  
    

  
USD $159.95±





































SAD THEME
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2009
















Smoking hot piano, BIG Timpani Rolls,Sad Violins, Hot Drum Pattern, Huge Strings,Perfect for sad scenes, perfect for concert scenes, Jordan sparks Battlefield, Perfect for breaking up scenes, Saying goodbye scenes, Fell out of love back in love, Looking out the window while raining, Instrumental, Pop, Pop Ballad









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Full Track - Pop, Pop Ballad





383387


4:16


Slow 76


  
    

  
USD $110.95±





































SEX QUBE 1
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2009
















Hard Hitting drums dreamy pads sexy tempo, swooshy hesitations. Perfect for making love, hooking up, floating, atmospheric ocean drive midnight on the beach, or urban club scene. High fashion Victoria Secret advert or Girls Gone Wild. Underscore background themesong latenight BET or MTV interviews.  Instrumental, Soundalikes, Timbaland Soundalikes









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Full Track - Soundalikes, Timbaland Soundalikes





383478


4:48


Slow 66


  
    

  
USD $225.95±





































SITUATION SUSPENSE
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2009
















Rythmic drum pattern, dreamy pads, takes you on a journey. Think timbaland, perfect for slo mo chase scenes, bank or casino heist, dumb crooks, romantic comedy, sitcom. Driving, rhythmic and fun beats. Playful and energetic. Urban themes, CSI evidence, Forensics File, science, high tech, etc.  Instrumental, Soundalikes, Timbaland Soundalikes









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Full Track - Soundalikes, Timbaland Soundalikes





383481


3:56


Medium 116


  
    

  
USD $225.95±





































SMOOTH MOOD
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2009
















Soothing Accoustic guitars, dreamy strings, sexy piano, Timpani accents, hot drums, romantic journey or lovemaking scenes, sexy conversation, kissing, making out. Lush and sexy bridge. Fun for laidback beach scenes, bar, lounge or club, commercials or a sweet, playful striptease, 20-somethings.  Instrumental, RnB, RnB Ballads









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Full Track - RnB, RnB Ballads





383379


5:22


Slow 68


  
    

  
USD $104.95±





































STORY
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2009
















Smoking Hot guitars, Simple Pianos, soothing choirs, Hard hitting drum pattern, Ambiant Stomps, perfect for army scenes, Fighting scenes, perfect for cave, chant scenes, perfect for people meeting holding torches chanting, perfect for dark commercials and movie scenes. Video game scenes, God of war, Instrumental, Hip Hop, Hip Hop Instrumental









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Full Track - Hip Hop, Hip Hop Instrumental





383377


4:41


Med Slow 90


  
    

  
USD $98.95±





































STROBELIGHTS SHINING
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2010
















Banging Drums, Driving Lead Line, Sexy Strings, Driving Synths, Climax, Perfect sassy fashion commercial or promo, Club Scenes, Racing Scenes Biker movies new car commercials, a la Please Don't Stop The Music, by Rihanna. Urban club dancing. Americas Best Dance Crew. Upbeat fun swirling bouncy, Instrumental, Pop, Alt Pop









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Full Track - Pop, Alt Pop





383395


4:23


Medium 120


  
    

  
USD $110.95±





































SUMMER VIBES
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2009
















Sweet melodic piano line, nice drums with elements of RnB & Hip Hop. Urban themes, clubbing, late night romance, high fashion. Flowing, rhythmic and mysterious. Midnight on the beach, holding hands, sorting out life's dilemmas, soap opera, romantic adventures, riding in a convertible on a sunny day, Instrumental, RnB, RnB Pop









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Full Track - RnB, RnB Pop





383473


4:28


Med Slow 85


  
    

  
USD $104.95±





































SURVIVOR THEME
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2010
















Creepy & frightening little horror instrumental track. Film or TV series featuring spooky scenes, teens or tweens in trouble, intense slo mo chase, crime in progress or psycho thriller. Survivor, Medium, Sabrina, The Teenage Witch, Ghost Hunters, paranormal events, home invasion nightmare, madness, Instrumental, Dangerous, Edgy Music









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Full Track - Dangerous, Edgy Music





388843


1:23


Med Slow 80


  
    

  
USD $82.95±





































TEEN QUBE 1
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2009
















Smoking hot Guitars, with great percussion and Drum pattern, Very melodic, perfect for young teen shows,I Carly, Hannah Montana, also perfect for teen, youth and high school movies. Also great for any car commercial, or product promotions like old navy, Macys, Subway, new deal at Mc Donalds, MTV VH1, Instrumental, Pop, Tween Pop









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Full Track - Pop, Tween Pop





383470


4:06


Medium 129


  
    

  
USD $110.95±





































THE PLAN
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2009
















Suspenseful pads and stringlines, compliments the sexy piano riff, wind blows then RAGE COMES, Breakdown Fierce, perfect for any product commercial, car commercials, geico, credits end of drama, Plot scenes, plan scenes, climax, 2 Different drum Breaks, Takes you on a journey, Instrumental, Action, Action Adventure Pending









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Full Track - Action, Action Adventure Pending





383485


4:36


Med Slow 87


  
    

  
USD $135.95±





































TRIALS
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2009
















Melodic Melody, Rythymic Drums, Climax, Perfect for Love scene, Perfect for sexy interview on MTV, Perfect for any car commercial, Perfect for ant product promotion, Instrumental, RnB, Contemporary RnB









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Full Track - RnB, Contemporary RnB





383401


5:11


Medium 120


  
    

  
USD $104.95±





































WALTZ OF PASSION
 - (by Kevin Barnes)
 Year: 2010
















Elegant pianos, vibrant strings, angelic choir. Think dramatic opening or filmscore for Phantom of the Opera or other theatrical Film or TV scene depicting passion, epic romance, or tragic love affair. Sweet, mysterious and edgy, themes of nostalgia, sad farewells or a lovers reunion.  Instrumental, Dramatic, Romantic Music









Type
Play
Track Info
Catalog ID
Min:Sec
Tempo & BPM
Price
Control












Full Track - Dramatic, Romantic Music





387967


2:03


Medium 126


  
    

  
USD $152.95±





































PAGE 1   
 1 










DIRECT URL:  https://www.audiosparx.com/KevinBarnes





ARTIST KEYWORDS: Kevin Barnes, Kevin Barnes, Hip Hop, R&B, Pop, Gospel, Reggae, Orchestra, Waltz, Country, stock music tracks, independent music, production music library, music for video, production music, royalty-free songs, music loops, royalty free music, music loops






Back to Top









Featured Clients


See More Featured Clients Here in Multiple Industries!
     
    
  

















GENRES
All Music Genres
Dramatic Music Genres
World Music Genres
Kids Music Genres
Sound Effects & Noises
Instruments, Beats & Loops
Ringtones for Your Phone


PRODUCTION  SPOTLIGHTS
Commercial Ad Music
Film & TV Music
Radio Production Music
Video Games & Software Music
MusicPack Collections
SoundPack Collections
ComposerPack Collections


FEATURE  SPOTLIGHTS
Artist Directory
Hollywood A-List Artists
Editor's Choice Awards
Music Editors' Picks
Hot New Artists
Composers Hall of Fame
Featured Client Videos


BACKGROUND  MUSIC
In-Store & On-Hold Music
Music Playlists





POPULAR  DESTINATIONS
African Music and SFX
Commercial Music
Christmas and New Year's Music
Classical Music Library
Dramatic Music
European Music
Film & TV Music
Games Music
Hip Hop Music
Horror and Halloween Music
Kids Music and SFX
























 
Latin Music
Latin Tropical Music
Middle Eastern Music & SFX
Radio Music & SFX
Romantic Love Songs
Sports Music
TV & Film Music
Vocal Music
World Music





VOCAL  MUSIC
Vocal Music
Top 100 Vocal Tracks
Top 100 Classical Vocals
Top 100 Country Vocals
Top 100 Indie Rock Vocals
Top 100 Jazz Vocals
Top 100 Pop Vocals
Top 100 RnB Vocals
Top 100 Rock Vocals
Top 100 World Vocals


AFFILIATED  SITES
RadioSparx.com
MusicCult.com


PLEASE   FOLLOW   US



On Facebook



On Twitter












MISCELLANEOUS
About AudioSparx
Licensing & Pricing Overview
Licensing Terms & Conditions
Studio Privileges Request
Privacy Policy
Marquee Clients
Artist Testimonials
Sell Music or SFX Here
Helpful External Links


FAST  HELP
Problems Downloading Content?
How to Download My Track License?
Frequently Asked Questions
Get More Help Here


CONTACT  INFO
Contact Online


Email:  
info@audiosparx.com


Toll Free Tel: 866-830-7039
International: +1 (954) 791-9795








© 1996 - 2017 AudioSparx - All Rights Reserved.  All trademarks appearing on this site are the property of the respective owners.


Hostname: AXC1









Kevin Barnes

flash music,  
license music,  
royalty free music download,
world music,
instrumental music,
real ringtone,
free music ringtones,
free nokia ringtone,
caller tunes,
ringback tones,
Kevin Barnes,
Hip Hop,
R&B,
Pop,
Gospel,
Reggae,
Orchestra,  
Waltz,  
Countryproduction music,
music library,
Kevin Barnes
















Kevin P Barnes' profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up Kevin P Barnes#637135@kevin_p_barnes10Following10FollowersFollow2 UpvotesFitbit Charge 2Fitbit's #1 selling tracker now has more to loveWearables+ 2 save 370 45Looklive 2.0Shop the styles of your favorite celebrities and influencersiPhone+ 4 save 425 42Share this profile









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





check for social media accounts:




















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















