 

















Operations Leadership:
Katie J. Bayne: The Coca-Cola Company








































   

Operations Leadership:
Katie J. Bayne



































Locations 








Africa


Morocco (French)



Asia Pacific


Australia


China


India


Japan


New Zealand


Pakistan (English)


Pakistan (Urdu)



Eurasia


Middle East (Arabic)


Middle East (English)


Russia



Europe


Austria


Belgium (Dutch)


Belgium (French)


Denmark


Finland


France


Germany


Great Britain


Ireland


Italy


Netherlands


Norway


Portugal


Poland


Spain


Sweden


Switzerland


Ukraine



Latin America


Argentina


Bolivia


Brazil


Chile


Colombia


Costa Rica


Dominican Republic


Ecuador


El Salvador


Guatemala


Honduras


Mexico


Nicaragua


Panama


Paraguay


Peru


Uruguay


Venezuela



North America


Global


Canada (English)


Canada (French)














Locations 









Investors




|


The Coca-Cola Company 









Our Company




Our Company Main




About Coca-Cola Journey




Mission, Vision & Values




Diversity & Inclusion




Human and Workplace Rights




Workplace Overview




Supplier Diversity




Coca-Cola Leaders




The Coca-Cola System




Company History




Company Reports




Sustainability Report




Coca-Cola Product Facts (U.S.)




The Coca-Cola Foundation




World of Coca-Cola




Coca-Cola Store





Investors




Investors Main




2016 Year in Review




Investors Info: Financial Reports and Information




Investors Info: Stock Information




Investors Info: Investor Webcasts and Events




Shareowner Information




Corporate Governance




Investors Info: SEC Filings





Press Center




Press Center Main




Press Releases




Company Statements




Leadership




Video Library




Image Library




Press Contacts





Careers




Careers Main





Contact Us




Contact Us Main




FAQs













 


5by20


 



#cokestyle


 



Water Replenishment


 



Supplier Diversity


 



Giving Back


 



Diversity & Inclusion


 



Our Commitment to Transparency
























 Our Company






 
 Overview


 
 About Coca-Cola Journey


 
 Mission, Vision & Values


 
 Diversity & Inclusion


 
 Human and Workplace Rights


 
 Our Workplace


 
 The Coca-Cola Foundation


 
 Leadership


 
 The Coca-Cola System


 
 Company History


 
 Company Reports


 
 Sustainability Report


 
 Coca-Cola Product Facts (U.S.)


 
 World of Coca-Cola


 
 Coca-Cola Store












  Overview



  Operations Leadership



  Senior Leadership



  Vice Presidents



  Board of Directors






Select an Option





 








Operations Leadership:
Katie J. Bayne












Share:

























































 
Katie J. Bayne
Senior Vice President, Global Sparkling Brands
The Coca-Cola Company
 
Katie J. Bayne, Senior Vice President, Global Sparkling Brands, is responsible for marketing, portfolio strategy and innovation of our flagship brand, Coca-Cola, and all other sparkling brands around the globe.  She also oversees global alliances and ventures, worldwide licensing, retail and attractions.

Katie joined Coca-Cola in 1989 in brand management.  Between 1989 and 2006, she held a number of positions of increasing responsibility at Coca-Cola focused on consumer strategy, retail marketing and consumer marketing in the US and Australia.  From 2010 to 2013, she was President and General Manager, Sparkling Beverages, Coca-Cola North America.  Prior to her current position, Katie was President, North America Brands. 

Katie sits on the Board of Directors of leading specialty retailer, Ann, Inc.  She also is a member of the Board of Trustees for the American Film Institute (AFI), and a member of the Board of Trustees of the Lovett School.  She has previously been a board member on the Atlanta Women’s Foundation and the Atlanta Children’s Museum.  Katie holds a BA from Duke University and an MBA from the Fuqua School of Business at Duke University.


updated: Jan. 15, 2015







 Related Items




Our Company


































Related Posts










Operations Leadership


























Our Workplace





The Coca-Cola Company
Recommends 
Human & Workplace Rights: How We Achieve Success Is as Important as the Success Itself



The Coca-Cola Company
Recommends 
Health & Safety: We Are Focused on the Safety of Our Employees, Our Visitors and the Public








                 Sustainability Report 












THE FIZZ





Most Read
Top 10
Back








1

Why Sea Glass Collectors Cherish Coke Bottles







2

Is Your Name On a Coke Bottle? 







3

Label-less Coca-Cola Cans Tackle Prejudice During Ramadan







4

Coca-Cola Cake Recipe







5

Relationships Matter: Why Coke's Muhtar Kent Never Dines Alone







6

The Delicious Dozen: The 12 Best Coca-Colas I Ever Tasted







7

Coca-Cola Ribs or Chicken Wings Recipe







8

Coca-Cola Life Arrives on Shelves Nationwide







9

Share a Coke 2.0: The Hit Campaign is Back, and it’s Bigger and Better Than Ever







10

The Real Story of New Coke






Back




Most Shared
Top 10
Back








1

Step Inside New Coca-Cola India Offices 







2

Label-less Coca-Cola Cans Tackle Prejudice During Ramadan







3

Relationships Matter: Why Coke's Muhtar Kent Never Dines Alone







4

Run Commuting Takes Off in Cities Around the World







5

Fresh Banana Cake With Sea Foam Frosting







6

Attention, Millennials: Here's What Your Bosses-to-Be Want From You







7

Celebrating 100 Years of the Coke Bottle at the National Archives







8

My Day with 'The Coca-Cola Man'







9

A Letter from Our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer







10

How Coke Zero Became a Hero: 10 Facts to Mark the Brand’s 10th Birthday






Back




Most Watched
Top 10
Back













1

Christmas Celebration Bow Bottle







2

Virginia Peanut Pie With Coke Reduction







3

Let's take an extra second | Experiment







4

Kiss Happiness







5

Share a Coke Mauritius







6

Enhance the Taste of an Ice-Cold Coke with the Coca-Cola + Riedel Glass







7

vitaminwater - xxx - #hydratethustle







8

Promoción 100 años de la Botella Coca-Cola







9

Neked is egy csók!







10

El SMS






Back




Most Discussed
Top 10
Back








1

Coke Hires 5,000 Veterans Ahead of Schedule







2

19-Year-Old Coca-Cola Collector Opens Museum







3

Fan Mail: These Consumer Letters Helped Bring Back 'Classic' Coke







4

Just for Kicks: Share a Coke With the FIFA Women's World Cup Champs







5

Attention, Millennials: Here's What Your Bosses-to-Be Want From You







6

Coke Lore: Landmark Signs






Back

























Join The Conversation





























COCA-COLA ON SOCIAL 










LIKES










FOLLOWERS










FOLLOWERS










VIEWS










FOLLOWERS






















 


Katie Nunez
 | LinkedIn
 


























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




Katie NunezSocial Media Marketing at Ghirardelli Chocolate CompanyLocationSan Francisco, CaliforniaIndustryMarketing and AdvertisingCurrentGhirardelli Chocolate Company, K.Lynn Bayne JewelryPreviousGhirardelli Chocolate Company, Zipcar, Rusack VineyardsEducationUniversity of California, Santa Barbara500+ connectionsView Katie’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View Katie’s Full ProfileKatie’s ActivityHow do we kick off summer hour Fridays? With a Ghirardelli...Katie likedSo proud to be part of this team and excited about what is...Katie likedSummary7+ years of Marketing experience with an emphasis in Social Media Management, Campaign Ideation & Management, Event Management and passionate about Team Building and Management. Strong graphic design background with a passion for branding.ExperienceSocial Media MarketingGhirardelli Chocolate CompanyJune 2016  –  Present (1 year 2 months)San Francisco Bay Area- Social Media Management & Strategy- Manage Organic and Paid Social Media - Manage editorial strategy and content development across all channels- Developed brand strategy and execution of Ghirardelli's Influencer programsOwnerK.Lynn Bayne JewelryNovember 2012  –  Present (4 years 9 months)Santa Barbara, California Area- Built and maintained e-commerce website for jewelry business- Single handedly built a business that operates solely online - Cross-platform marketing campaigns - Created a consistent marketing strategy across multiple mediums to target desired demographicBrand Marketing CoordinatorGhirardelli Chocolate CompanyMarch 2015  –  December 2016 (1 year 10 months)San Francisco Bay AreaMarketing CoordinatorZipcarJuly 2014  –  March 2015 (9 months)- Supervising and training of Field Marketing Team - Manage on-site events and logistics - Lead generation - Measurable field marketing statistics - Manage social media editorial calendar and planningHospitality CoordinatorRusack VineyardsJanuary 2013  –  April 2014 (1 year 4 months)- Manage the planning, budgeting and logistics of all events- Manage staff coordination with all VIP visits and events - Lead planning and strategy of digital campaigns - Social Media management across all channels- Planning and execution of marketing initiatives to drive sales objectives - Creative lead for print advertising and digital advertising- Managed branded and unbranded merchandising Events CoordinatorMonte Mar EnterprisesJuly 2011  –  February 2013 (1 year 8 months)- Planning and coordination of large scale events - Managed and designed all décor and floral arrangements- Managed vendor relationships, contract negotiations, and budget managementExecutive Assistant / Marketing CoordinatorVillage PropertiesAugust 2009  –  July 2012 (3 years)Santa Barbara, California Area- Managed all social media channels and website- Creative lead for all print and digital advertising- Content creator for blog and newslettersSkillsEvent ManagementInDesignMarketingEditingEvent PlanningFacebookPhotoshopGraphic DesignHospitalitySocial MediaAdvertisingSocial Media MarketingIllustratorSocial NetworkingPublic RelationsInfluencer MarketingHow's this translation?Great•Has errorsThanks for your help!EducationUniversity of California, Santa BarbaraSociology, CommunicationSociology, CommunicationActivities and Societies: Gamma Phi Beta, Residential Halls Association - Programming CoordinatorHonors & AwardsDomingo Ghirardelli Teamwork AwardGhirardelli Chocolate CompanyFebruary 2017GroupsUCSB Alumni AssociationView Katie’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact Katie directlyView Katie’s Full ProfileNot the Katie you’re looking for? View moreView this profile in another languageEnglishChinese (Simplified)GermanPeople Also ViewedNancy FolkersMarketing Contractor at Ghirardelli Chocolate CompanyJenny HurleySenior Marketing Manager at Ghirardelli Chocolate CompanyJinny LamMazy RhubergMarketing Consultant at Plum OrganicsMegan WrightBrand Manager at Ghirardelli Chocolate CompanyJustin ReeseDirector - Customer Marketing at Ghirardelli Chocolate CompanyVicki IsipMelanie LeydenDirector of Marketing at Ghirardelli Chocolate CompanyKay NgPublic profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesFind a different Katie NunezFirst NameLast NameExample:  Katie NunezKatie NunezVice President, Marketing at Irvine CompanyUnited StatesKatie NunezProduct Marketer | Process Improver | Content Strategist | Brand Ambassador | IoT Evangelist | Technology FuturistUnited StatesCatherine "Katie" Nunez, M.S.Assistant Director, Career Development Programming and Evaluation at Whittier CollegeUnited StatesKatie WoottenSr. Marketing Manager at Whistle LabsUnited StatesKatie NunezFinancial ProfessionalUnited StatesMore professionals named Katie NunezLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country





























Katie J. Bayne - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Katie J. Bayne
Board Member at Ascena Retail Group, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Katie J. Bayne? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Katie J. Bayne's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Katie J. Bayne's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Katie J. Bayne's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Katie J. Bayne through your network of contacts.
												








Katie J. Bayne's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Ascena Retail Group, Inc.


Past
To view Katie J. Bayne's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
50

 
 


Katie J. Bayne's Biography



KATIE J. BAYNE serves as Senior Vice President, Global Sparkling Brands at The Coca-Cola Company. In this role, she is responsible for global marketing, portfolio strategy and innovation for the flagship brand, Coca-Cola, and the company's other sparkling brands around the world. Ms. Bayne joined Coca-Cola in 1989 in brand management and has since held roles of increasing responsibility, focused on consumer strategy, retail marketing and consumer marketing in the U.S. and Australia. From 2010 to 2013, she was President and General Manager, Sparkling Beverages, Coca-Cola North America. Prior to her current position, Ms. Bayne served as Preside ...
(Read More)

			KATIE J. BAYNE serves as Senior Vice President, Global Sparkling Brands at The Coca-Cola Company. In this role, she is responsible for global marketing, portfolio strategy and innovation for the flagship brand, Coca-Cola, and the company's other sparkling brands around the world. Ms. Bayne joined Coca-Cola in 1989 in brand management and has since held roles of increasing responsibility, focused on consumer strategy, retail marketing and consumer marketing in the U.S. and Australia. From 2010 to 2013, she was President and General Manager, Sparkling Beverages, Coca-Cola North America. Prior to her current position, Ms. Bayne served as President, North America Brands for The Coca-Cola Company. With 27 years as an executive at Coca-Cola, Ms. Bayne brings extensive strategic marketing and brand management experience to the Company. Throughout her career in leadership roles at Coca-Cola, Ms. Bayne acquired vast managerial and operational knowledge of the retail industry, both domestically and internationally. Ms. Bayne previously served on the board of directors of ANN until its acquisition by the Company in August 2015. The Board selected Ms. Bayne to serve as a director based on her strong background in consumer strategy, retail marketing and consumer marketing.
		
Source: Ascena Retail Group, Inc. on 10/27/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Katie J. Bayne's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Katie J. Bayne. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Katie J. Bayne's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Katie J. Bayne's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Katie J. Bayne through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Katie J. Bayne


















Katie J. Bayne's Connections (107)





Sign up now to view Katie J. Bayne's 107 connections »









Ahmet M. Kent
Chairman of the Board, The Coca-Cola Company









Irial Finan
Executive Vice President and President, Bottling Investments and Supply Chain, The Coca-Cola Company









Ronald W. Allen
Board Member, The Coca-Cola Company









Alexander B. Cummings
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer, The Coca-Cola Company









Donald F. McHenry
Former Board Member, The Coca-Cola Company









Brian P. Kelley
Board Member, AMAG Pharmaceuticals









Katherine L. Krill
Board Member, Ascena Retail Group, Inc.









Evan G. Greenberg
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Chubb Limited









Clyde C. Tuggle
Board Member, Oxford Industries, Inc.









J. Alexander M. Douglas
Executive Vice President and President, Coca-Cola North America, The Coca-Cola Company








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Robert D. Perlmutter
Senior EVP and COO, The Macerich Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















ASNA Katie J. Bayne Insider Trades for Ascena Retail Group Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Ascena Retail Group Inc.

                  NASDAQ: ASNA
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Ascena Retail Group Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 5:45 p.m.


ASNA

/quotes/zigman/2380068/composite


$
2.18




Change

-0.02
-0.91%

Volume
Volume 48,170
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/2380068/composite
Today's close

$
			2.35
		


$
				2.20
			
Change

-0.15
-6.38%





Day low
Day high
$2.17
$2.40










52 week low
52 week high

            $1.65
        

            $9.12
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Katie J. Bayne



Ms. Katie J. Bayne is Independent Director at Ascena Retail Group, Inc. and Senior Vice President-Global Sparkling Brands at The Coca-Cola Co. She is on the Board of Directors at Ascena Retail Group, Inc., The Atlanta Womens Foundation, Inc., American Film Institute, Inc., and The Lovett School.
Ms. Bayne was previously employed as a Principal by Coca Cola South Pacific Pty Ltd. and President-Brands by Coca-Cola North America. She also served on the board at ANN, Inc. and Beazer Homes USA, Inc.
She received her undergraduate degree from Duke University and an MBA from The Fuqua School of Business.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





12/10/2016
4,236


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


04/06/2016
4,000


 
Acquisition at $10.12 per share.


40,480





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. David R. Jaffe 
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Brian E. Lynch 
Chief Operating Officer




Mr. Robert  Giammatteo 
Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. David L. Johns 
Chief Information Officer & Senior Vice President




Ms. Stacey S. Rauch 
Director




Mr. Marc  Lasry 
Director




Mr. Steven L. Kirshenbaum 
Director




Ms. Katherine Lawther Krill 
Director




Mr. Ernest R. LaPorte 
Chief Accounting Officer & Senior Vice President




Ms. Sue  Ross 
Executive VP-Corporate Affairs & Media Relations




Ms. Stacy Lynn Turnof 
Vice President-Investor Relations




Mr. John E. Pershing 
Chief Human Resources Officer & Executive VP




Mr. Duane D. Holloway 
EVP, General Counsel & Assistant Secretary




Mr. Carl S. Rubin 
Independent Director




Ms. Linda  Yaccarino 
Independent Director




Mr. Randy L. Pearce 
Lead Independent Director




Ms. Catherine Elizabeth Buggeln 
Independent Director




Ms. Katie J. Bayne 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




6:02 PM EDT
July 21, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:37pA History of Sears: Through Highs and Lows
5:13pAre you a money bully?
5:10pHow real-estate TV shows determine what home buyers look for and what to do if you decide to quit your job like Sean Spicer
5:07pBREAKINGWall Street's 'fear gauge'--the VIX--just logged its second-lowest close in history
5:06pWhy it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
5:06pThis is what should really worry you about stocks
5:04pBeware of the curse of the number 7 in the stock market 
5:00pS&P 500, Nasdaq post weekly gains as stock market finishes session lower
4:52pTwo-thirds of U.S. investors think stocks are overvalued
4:51pAttention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
4:51pWhy you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks
4:48pWeekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap
4:41pU.S. to drop charges against ex-J.P. Morgan traders in London Whale case
4:35pScaramucci: Priebus and I Are Like Brothers
4:34pTrump Today: President says he shook up communications team to ‘make America great again’
4:32pAmazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
4:31pTrump's Statement on Spicer Departure
4:30pChipotle earnings: Media coverage of the latest illness scare will put earnings targets at risk
4:29pS&P 500, Nasdaq post weekly gains as stock market finishes session lower 
4:26pBREAKINGU.S. to drop charges against ex-J.P. Morgan traders in London Whale case
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15




























































Katie J. Bayne, for Beazer_Homes_USA (BZH)





 




 



				From the makers of 


Track & Manage All Of Your Investments
Try It Now!






New! Portfolio
			      
						Login 
			/
			Sign Up






 Search



IndustriesTechnologyEnergyMediaFinanceGreen IssuesChinaAll ConceptsMetalsEnergyMeatsGrainsSoftsETFsIndicesCurrenciesGeographiesExchangesRatesHow To InvestPersonal FinanceOptions 101Definitions

Beazer Homes USA (BZH)


				 
			

				 
			



SUMMARYBULLSBEARSTOPICSDATA CENTRALSTOCK CHARTSEC FILINGSBALANCEINCOMECASH FLOWBZH » Topics » Katie J. Bayne,This excerpt taken from the BZH DEF 14A filed Jan 3, 2007.Katie J. Bayne, 40,
has served as a director since December 2003. Ms. Bayne is Senior
Vice President, Coca-Cola Brands for North America, responsible for developing
and executing portfolio strategy for all of the Coca-Cola trademarked brands at
The Coca-Cola Company.   Since joining
The Coca-Cola Company in 1989, she has held various marketing positions in
Atlanta, Los Angeles and Sydney, Australia. She has a diverse range of
experience in the areas of brand management, new products, consumer strategy,
category management and customer business development. Ms. Bayne holds a
bachelor of arts degree from Duke University, and a master of business
administration from the Fuqua School of Business at Duke University. She currently
sits on the board of Imagine It! The Childrens Museum of Atlanta.

This excerpt taken from the BZH DEF 14A filed Dec 23, 2005.Katie
J. Bayne, 39, has served as a director since December 2003.
Ms. Bayne is Senior Vice President, Coca-Cola Brands for North America,
responsible for developing and executing portfolio strategy for all of the
Coca-Cola trademarked brands at The Coca-Cola Company. Since joining The
Coca-Cola Company in 1989, she has held various marketing positions in Atlanta,
Los Angeles and Sydney, Australia. She has a diverse range of experience in the
areas of brand management, new products, consumer strategy, category management
and customer business development. Ms. Bayne holds a bachelor of arts
degree from Duke University, and a master of business administration from the
Fuqua School of Business at Duke University. She currently sits on the board of
Imagine It! The Childrens Museum of Atlanta.

EXCERPTS ON THIS PAGE:DEF 14AJan 3, 2007DEF 14ADec 23, 2005RELATED TOPICS for BZH:Laurent AlpertVIEW MORE 




Skip the spreadsheet. Track your investments automatically.

Start now


Wikinvest © 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012. Use of this site is subject to express Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Disclaimer. By continuing past this page, you agree to abide by these terms. Any information provided by Wikinvest, including but not limited to company data, competitors, business analysis, market share, sales revenues and other operating metrics, earnings call analysis, conference call transcripts, industry information, or price targets should not be construed as research, trading tips or recommendations, or investment advice and is provided with no warrants as to its accuracy. Stock market data, including US and International equity symbols, stock quotes, share prices, earnings ratios, and other fundamental data is provided by data partners. Stock market quotes delayed at least 15 minutes for NASDAQ, 20 mins for NYSE and AMEX. Market data by Xignite. See data providers for more details. Company names, products, services and branding cited herein may be trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners. The use of trademarks or service marks of another is not a representation that the other is affiliated with, sponsors, is sponsored by, endorses, or is endorsed by Wikinvest. About | Blog | Press | Feedback | Help | Get involvedMobile | Advertise | Licensing & Partnerships | Blogger Tools | Jobs 


 
 


























 



 ANN INC. Elects Katie J. Bayne to Board of Directors 
         










    










 






 











 









ANN INC. Elects Katie J. Bayne to Board of Directors

Nov 24, 2014, 08:00 ET
		  		  										
						 from   ANN INC. 











 
















































 

 




















 


NEW YORK, Nov. 24, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- ANN INC. (NYSE:   ANN), the parent Company of Ann Taylor and LOFT, today announced that Katie J. Bayne has been elected to its Board of Directors. Ms. Bayne serves as Senior Vice President, Global Sparkling Brands at The Coca-Cola Company. In this role, she is responsible for global marketing, portfolio strategy and innovation for the flagship brand, Coca-Cola, and the Company's other sparkling brands around the world. She also oversees worldwide licensing, retail and attractions for The Coca-Cola Company. 
Ms. Bayne joined Coca-Cola in 1989 in brand management and has since held roles of increasing responsibility, focused on consumer strategy, retail marketing and consumer marketing in the U.S. and Australia.  From 2010 to 2013, she was President and General Manager, Sparkling Beverages, Coca-Cola North America. Prior to her current position, Ms. Bayne served as President, North America Brands for The Coca-Cola Company.
An active leader in community and philanthropic work, Ms. Bayne currently sits on the Board of Trustees for the American Film Institute (AFI) and the Board of Trustees of the Lovett School in Atlanta. She also serves on the Board of the Atlanta Women's Foundation, an organization dedicated to being a catalyst for change in the lives of women and girls and to ending generational poverty.  Ms. Bayne holds a BA from Duke University and an MBA from the Fuqua School of Business at Duke University.
"Katie is an outstanding addition to ANN INC.'s Board of Directors. She brings an exceptional background in strategic marketing and brand management that will add value to the Company," said Ron Hovsepian, Non-Executive Chairman of the Board. "We're delighted to welcome her to the Board and look forward to her insights and contributions."  
"I am honored to join ANN INC.'s Board and work with this remarkable team," said Ms. Bayne. "ANN INC. is one of the leading women's specialty retailers and I look forward to sharing my experiences and contributing to the future direction and growth of the Company."
The Board appointed Ms. Bayne following an extensive search.  Ms. Bayne will serve as a Class I Director with a term expiring at the 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company in accordance with the Company's Certificate of Incorporation.  Ms. Bayne's appointment increases the size of the ANN INC. Board to nine members, eight of whom are independent directors.  For more information, visit the Company's Investor Relations website at http://Investor.ANNINC.com.  
About ANN INC.
ANN INC. is the parent Company of Ann Taylor and LOFT, two of the leading women's specialty retail fashion brands in North America.  As of November 1, 2014, the Company operated 1,050 Ann Taylor, Ann Taylor Factory, LOFT, LOFT Outlet and Lou & Grey stores in 47 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and Canada.  Our Ann Taylor and LOFT brands are also available online in more than 100 countries worldwide at AnnTaylor.com and LOFT.com or at our LOFT franchise stores in Mexico.  Visit ANNINC.com for more information (NYSE:   ANN).
 SOURCE  ANN INC.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.anntaylor.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Jan 20, 2015, 07:45 ET
Preview: ANNpower Launches Search for Girls Who Want to Change the World













Nov 21, 2014, 07:45 ET
Preview: ANN INC. Reports Third Quarter 2014 Results






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 









Ann appoints Katie J. Bayne to Board of Directors












































Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds.






















NEWS FashionRetailBusinessCulturePeopleFairsExecutive newsEducation newsTagsJOBS Find a jobFind an internshipPost a vacancyDiscover employersNETWORK My passportForumLookbookEVENTSDATA Top 100StatisticsBusiness DataTRENDS USA ArgentinaAustraliaBelgiumCanadaChileChinaColombiaFranceGermanyIndiaItalyMéxicoNew zealandPerúRussiaSpainSwitzerlandThe NetherlandsUnited Kingdom  













https://fashionunited.info











(advertisement) 









 

 

 

 

 








(advertisement)	















Home
People
Ann appoin...
Share 








PEOPLE





 Ann appoints Katie J. Bayne to Board of Directors





Prachi Singh |



Monday, November 24 2014	




Ann Company has appointed Katie J. Bayne as Director on its Board. Bayne
serves as Senior Vice President, Global Sparkling Brands at The Coca-Cola
Company. In this role, she is responsible for global marketing, portfolio
strategy and innovation for the flagship brand, Coca-Cola, and the
Company's other sparkling brands around the world. She also oversees
worldwide licensing, retail and attractions for The Coca-Cola Company. 
"Katie is an outstanding addition to Ann's Board of Directors. She
brings an exceptional background in strategic marketing and brand
management that will add value to the Company," said Ron Hovsepian,
Non-Executive Chairman of the Board. 
 Bayne joined Coca-Cola in 1989 in brand management and has since held
roles of increasing responsibility, focused on consumer strategy, retail
marketing and consumer marketing in the US and Australia. From 2010 to
2013, she was President and General Manager, Sparkling Beverages, Coca-Cola
North America. Prior to her current position, she served as President,
North America Brands for The Coca-Cola Company. 
 An active leader in community and philanthropic work, Bayne currently
sits on the Board of Trustees for the American Film Institute (AFI) and the
Board of Trustees of the Lovett School in Atlanta. She also serves on the
Board of the Atlanta Women's Foundation, an organization dedicated to being
a catalyst for change in the lives of women and girls and to ending
generational poverty.
 Bayne will serve as a Class I Director with a term expiring at the 2016
Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company in accordance with the
Company's Certificate of Incorporation. Her appointment increases the size
of the Ann Board to nine members, eight of whom are independent directors.







ann	



katie j. bayne	







 Prev	



Next  









(advertisement)	


Related news



20 years after Gianni's murder, Versace has rediscovered its soul





Karl Lagerfeld receives Paris' highest honour





Pal Zileri names new creative director





Chanel & Hermes create more jobs at home





Mauro Ravizza Krieger exits creative director role at Pal Zileri









Job of the week 



Sales Associate - Woodbury Common, NY

Reiss

APPLY NOW






MORE NEWS




UBM Fashion opens its door to first ever consumer-facing show







Czech Republic latest country to ban fur farms







Abercrombie & Fitch to launch on Alibaba’s TMall







Kinnevik NAV improves 3 percent, provides update on new investments







Find Me A Shoe unveils new personalized shoe shopping method







(advertisement)	






Latest jobs

 


Most read


U.S. retail sales fall second month in a row




Stitch Fix letting algorithm design clothes




Researchers develop green method for artificial spider silk




Interfiliere Paris Fall Winter 2018-19 Overview 




​L’Homme Rouge & David Laport win International Woolmark Prize for Europe regional















Fashion Jobs and Fashion News in the USA

Fashion jobs, Fashion news and all other possible information about the fashion world fashion professionals need. Fashion jobs in the United States of America, New York, Los Angeles, Miami and a Fashion News archive and links to international fashion jobs.

Fashion jobs categories

The fashion career center is the best place to look for a job in fashion. Fashion jobs listed at FashionUnited include, retail management jobs, in store jobs, sales jobs, marketing jobs, design jobs, creative jobs, product and supply chain jobs, internships, traineeships, and international jobs in fashion.

Fashion news sections

FashionUnited offers a complete and comprehensive overview for the fashion industry covering all the fashion news, fashion headlines, fashion daily news, trends, fashion weeks, catwalks, fashion industry statistics, fashion education news, and executive news in Fashion.

Career in fashion

Looking for a job in fashion? FashionUnited is the leading destination for people working in fashion. Find jobs, internships, international fashion jobs, career tips, or post your fashion job on the job network.

Fashion World information

Looking for information about the fashion world? FashionUnited provides detailed information about the apparel industry world wide. 80 per cent of the biggest companies in fashion use the services focused on fashion professionals only.


















Fashion people and news



























Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds.






















NEWS FashionRetailBusinessCulturePeopleFairsExecutive newsEducation newsTagsJOBS Find a jobFind an internshipPost a vacancyDiscover employersNETWORK My passportForumLookbookEVENTSDATA Top 100StatisticsBusiness DataTRENDS USA ArgentinaAustraliaBelgiumCanadaChileChinaColombiaFranceGermanyIndiaItalyMéxicoNew zealandPerúRussiaSpainSwitzerlandThe NetherlandsUnited Kingdom  













https://fashionunited.info











(advertisement) 









 

 

 

 

 








(advertisement)	















Home
People
Share 









Courrèges parts ways with creative directors




Don-Alvin Adegeest  |



Thursday, July 20 2017 



French fashion house Courrèges on Thursday stated it is parting ways with
its design duo Sébastien Meyer and Arnaud Vaillant.


Meyer and Vaillant were only in the role for four seasons, or two years,
and left by mutual agreement.


“They have accomplished the goal to reinterpret the house codes and
distinctive shapes that are synonym of the brand uniqueness and innovative
spirit,” the house said in a statement. “The two designers will now focus
on new creative projects.”


François Le Ménahèze, appointed president of Courrèges in April, will
reveal the brand’s new creative leadership, the statement said.


In 2015 Artémis SA, French billionaire François Pinault’s family holding
company, acquired a 30 percent stake in the company. At the time Courrèges
staged its first catwalk show after a 13 year hiatus, marking the debut of
Meyer and Vaillant as artistic directors of women’s wear.

Photo credit: Courreges AW17, source: www.courreges.fr











Katie Grand joins W Magazine after Enninful departure




Don-Alvin Adegeest  |



Thursday, July 20 2017 



W Magazine have announced British stylist Katie Grand as its new
contributing fashion editor. Grand takes over from Edward Enninful who
begins as the new editor in chief of British Vogue next month.


Grand, who will maintain her role as editor in chief of biannual
publication Love Magazine, a fashion bible she founded and is also
published by Condé Nast, stated: " I've bought W since I first started
buying magazines. It's a great American magazine with so much fantastic
history."


Grand will style fashion stories and work alongside W's editor in chief
Stefano Tonchi. Grand is thought to have been in the running to replace
Shulman, but was pipped to the post by Enninful, a successful editor and
stylist in his own right.


Tonchi told Business of Fashion: "A lot of people don't want to pinned down
in a specific place," citing Grand's many projects across editorial
(contributing to Vogue Paris and Italia) and advertising (for Louis
Vuitton, Prada, Miu Miu, Loewe) and creative partnership with Marc Jacobs.
"I started thinking about a structure that would let talent come in and
give their best, and also to have a more kind of reliable core here at the
magazine."


W magazine was first published in 1971 and was purchased by Condé Nast from
Fairchild Publications in 1999. The magazine is an oversized format, larger
than standard magazines and has a circulation of approximately 500,000.












Maureen Chiquet nominated to Canada Goose board




Danielle Wightman-Stone |



Thursday, July 20 2017 


Former Chanel chief executive Maureen Chiquet has been nominated to the
Canada Goose board of directors as an independent director.
Outerwear specialist Canada Goose states that Chiquet will bring a
“global vision, international leadership and deep luxury acumen” to the
board, as the brand continues its global expansion that includes the
opening of its first European flagship store in London this autumn.
“Maureen is a highly-regarded industry trailblazer and we are thrilled
to welcome her to our team as we grow our Board with the right people and
the right skills to help us leverage the opportunities that lie ahead,”
said Dani Reiss, president and chief executive of Canada Goose. “Her deep
expertise in growing businesses on an international scale, and extensive
track record of sustaining brand excellence will be invaluable as we
continue to expand our global footprint and build an enduring legacy.”
Chiquet, who was Chanel’s first global chief executive overseeing the
business and brand’s world-wide expansion for nearly a decade, brings more
than 30 years of retail industry experience to the Canada Goose board and
is expected to provide strong product, marketing, and business operations
expertise.
“I have long admired Canada Goose for its dedication to authenticity,
quality and craftsmanship and I am honoured to be a part of such a highly
coveted global brand as it embarks on its next chapter of growth. I look
forward to joining this winning team and to supporting Canada Goose’s
exciting future,” added Chiquet.
Chiquet will be nominated for election to the Board of Directors at
Canada Goose’s Annual General Meeting, which is scheduled to take place on
August 15 in Toronto.











Karren Brady to chair Arcadia’s parent company




Danielle Wightman-Stone |



Tuesday, July 18 2017 


Baroness Karren Brady, the boss of West Ham United and a judge on
reality TV show The Apprentice, has been appointed as non-executive
chairman of Taveta, the parent company of Sir Philip Green’s fashion
retailer empire Arcadia. 
Brady will replace Lord Grabiner as non-executive chairman immediately,
as he has announced that he is stepping down from the board after 15 years.
Grabiner was heavily criticised by a committee of MPs with regard to the
collapse of BHS for his “weak corporate governance”. 
In a statement Sir Philip Green said: “I am delighted to announce that
Baroness Karren Brady will be appointed as non-executive Chairman. Baroness
Brady joined the Taveta Board as a non-executive Director in September 2010
and will assume the role immediately.” 
Taveta names Baroness Karren Brady as non-executive chairman
Taveta is the Green family firm, owned by the retail mogul and his wife
Tina that controls Arcadia, the umbrella company that owns fashion chains
Topshop, Topman, Miss Selfridge, Dorothy Perkins, Evans, Burton, Wallis,
and Outfit. Arcadia has an annual turnover in excess of 2 billion pounds
and employs more than 24,000 people globally. 
Commenting on her appointment, Brady said: “It is a privilege to have
been invited to chair the Board and I look forward to working with my
colleagues as we concentrate on driving the Arcadia brands forward on their
global expansion.” 
Brady takes over as chair at a tricky time for the retail group as it
recently reported lower sales and profits with falling sales and increased
costs linked to the collapse of BHS. Taveta reported that pre-tax profits
for the Arcadia group plummeted from 172 million pounds to 37 million
pounds in the year ended August 27, 2016, with total turnover down 17
percent to 2.02 billion pounds. 
Image: courtesy of Topshop 











20 years after Gianni's murder, Versace has rediscovered its soul




AFP |



Friday, July 14 2017 


Twenty years ago, stylist Gianni Versace was
gunned down in Miami, plunging his fashion house into crisis. Two decades
on,
it is one of the world's top global luxury brands thanks to his little
sister,
Donatella.

He had gone out for the morning papers: as Versace returned to his Miami
beach mansion on July 15, 1997, he was shot dead by Andrew Cunanan, a
homosexual prostitute known for his obsession with all things luxury.
The fashion world mourned deeply. The stylist to celebrities from Madonna
to Elton John had been just 50 years old.

"He was a 360-degrees creator, a real artist, he had a pure creative
vision
on colours and materials," Stefania Saviolo, director of the luxury and
fashion centre at Bocconi University, told AFP In Milan.
The group he had created with his brother Santo in 1978 had been one of
the
hottest fashion brands in the world.

It fell to Versace's platinum blonde sister Donatella -- to whom Gianni
had
entrusted the casual line Versus -- to take over as artistic director.
But the brand struggled to recover from Versace's murder. Donatella, who
had worked for 14 years alongside Gianni, was severely affected by the loss
of
her brother and confessed to feeling "vulnerable".

Depression and cocaine 

"You can't invent yourself as an artistic director overnight," says
Saviolo, particularly as Donatella took over "at a time when fashion was
changing a lot, with many collections and great pressure on artistic
directors".

Donatella, instantly recognisable for her famous locks and perpetual tan,
sank into a period of depression and cocaine use before detoxifying in 2005.
The year before, the brand had acquired a new CEO in Giancarlo Di Risio.
The former Fendi boss refocused the Medusa on the luxury market,
streamlining
licensing and franchising deals and developing the accessories range.

Amid rumours in the press of a fall-out between the family and Di Risio
over planned cuts, he was replaced in 2009 by Gian Giacomo Ferraris, who
moved
over from the Jil Sander fashion house.
Ferraris wasted no time in launching an extensive reorganisation plan to
return Versace to profitability, cutting 25 percent of its workforce and
closing some boutiques before opening new ones as the books improved.

His intervention "doubled the turnover, which rose from 268 million euros
in 2009 to 645 million in 2015," according to David Pambianco, who heads up
a
consultancy company in his name.
By 2011 the historic brand had returned to profit after a gruelling three
years of losses.


'So much potential'

"The right balance was struck between Ferraris and Donatella, the
dialogue
between them was good and there was great respect for Donatella's creativity
and vision," Saviolo said.
The family, which had always refused to relinquish control to a luxury
conglomerate like so many of its fellow Italian fashion houses, finally
yielded a 20 percent stake in 2014 to the US private equity firm
Blackstone.

The move, which Donatella said would allow Versace to "achieve its
potential", resulted in a cash injection into the luxury designer and
boosted
its presence in emerging markets.
The bet paid off: despite a difficult global context, sales increased by
some 17 percent in 2014 and in 2015.

The house said it was time to "move onto the next phase" and Ferraris was
replaced in May 2016 by Jonathan Akeroyd, former CEO of Alexander McQueen.
Results last year were mixed, with sales up 3.7 percent to 668 million
euros but the company admitting a loss of 7.4 million euros due in
particular
to funds sunk into its network of boutiques.

These results "have caused some uncertainty", but "the company is
healthy,
certainly more than 10 years ago," said Pambianco.
"Versace remains one of the most beautiful brands in the world in the
luxury sector" and has "still so much potential to express", he said,
pointing
out that luxury house Gucci for example "has a turnover that is seven times
higher".

Saviolo agrees: "Versace has recovered its lost "red carpet DNA" and its
style is currently "very daring, very strong." (AFP) 

Photo: Versace AW17, Catwalkpictures












Laura Chaplin is new CmiA ambassador




Simone Preuss |



Friday, July 14 2017 


Laura Chaplin, granddaughter of world-famous actor Charlie Chaplin, is
the new ambassador of Cotton made in Africa (CmiA). The young fashion
designer wants to support the initiative for sustainable cotton farming
through her label 'Smile by Laura Chaplin'. 
“I really wanted to be ambassador for Cotton made in Africa, because we
share the same values. We want to make the world a happier place”, explains
Chaplin her decision to support Cotton made in Africa and the 695,000
smallholder cotton farmers in Sub-Saharan Africa CmiA is working with. 
In addition, the designer in whose life creative art has always played a
predominant role and whose label is characterised by a positive way of life
and humanity, is inspired in her work by the initiative and by the beauty
of Africa. “ Cotton made in Africa had a great influence on my designs.
With them I want to give people along the textile chain a reason to smile -
from the farmer to the consumer.”
“Laura Chaplin and Cotton made in Africa are united in their goal to
improve the living and working conditions of cotton farmers and to promote
nature conservation in Africa. Together, we want to spread a smile around
the world - for the farmers, nature and consumers alike”, confirms CmiA's
managing director Tina Stridde, who feels honoured to work with Chaplin.

In this video interview, Laura Chaplin talks about her life, her new
label Smile by Laura Chaplin and her role as CmiA ambassador. 



Photo: Laura Chaplin / Cotton made in Africa











Thousands of surfers come together to honour the late Jack O'Neill




Vivian Hendriksz |



Tuesday, July 11 2017 



Thousands of surfers came together in several locations around the globe to
honour the life of the legendary adventurer and entrepreneur Jack O'Neill.


Surfers at O'Neill, the man behind the surfwear inspired brand O'Neill, led
the honorary proceedings on Sunday and Monday, as simultaneous paddle outs
took place in Australia, Canada, Portugal, England, Belgium, France, the
Netherlands, Japan and South Africa.


Fans of the brand felt there was no better way to honour the man who 'just
wanted to surf longer.' "For all of us floating out here, some of the best
moments of our lives have been spent in the water – waiting under the great
dome of sky and catching that perfect wave that has taken us to where we
need to be," said Shaun Tomson, a former world champion surfer and close
friend of O'Neill and his family.


O'Neill has been credited with inventing the first neoprene surf and
bodysurfing wetsuits prior to opening his first surf shop near Ocean Beach,
San Francisco. Afterwards, he moved to Santa Cruz, where he opened his next
surf shop, thereby coining the phrase. Since then the surf, snow and
lifestyle brand has expanded across the globe to offer its products to
wider audience.













Dune London’s CEO John Egan steps down




Prachi Singh |



Monday, July 03 2017 


The Dune Group has announced after around nine years as the CEO, John
Egan will be leaving his full-time role and move to a non-executive
director’s role within Dune Holdings business. The company said, James Cox
will now be appointed CEO on Egan’s departure at the end of August. 
Executive Chairman Daniel Rubin said in a statement, “John has made a
huge contribution to the group over the years. He played a major role in
the acquisition of Shoe Studio in 2009, which trebled the size of the
business, and since then has expertly guided the business through major
growth, both in the UK and internationally, during a period of major change
both for The Dune Group and the retail sector generally.”
The company added in a statement that Cox has been COO since 2013 when
he was promoted from the role of finance director. He has been responsible
for providing The Dune Group with first class operating systems as well as
ensuring that it has a strong financial base.
“It has been a privilege to lead the Dune business during a period of
incredible sales and profit growth with a talented senior management team.
I look forward to my continuing relationship with the business as a
non-executive director,” added Egan.
Picture:Dune London PR Shots











Menswear designer to watch out for: Paul Helbers




Esmee Blaazer |



Monday, July 03 2017 


For years, Paul Helbers was among the top menswear
designers, working for brands like Louis Vuitton and Martin Margiela. Last
year he took a step back and launched his own menswear line ‘Helbers’. His
first two collections have been well-received by major fashion retailers in
France, the United Kingdom and the United States.
”It isn’t possible to entirely impose your own taste on large department
stores,” Helbers told Fashionweek.nl in an interview earlier this year. “My
approach now is smaller and more personal and I can pay more attention to a
product than I could at a large brand. Furthermore, the word ‘luxury’ is no
longer part of my vocabulary. In that sense, our clients are very different
compared to Louis Vuitton.”
    collarless flight jacket in cotton
satin – spring summer 18 photo @ChristopheBerlet #Helbers #quilting
#seb A post shared by Helbers
(@helbersparis) on Jun 27, 2017 at 12:09am PDT blockquote> Paul Helbers’ eponymous brand is well received
Helbers made his debut in Paris last year with his collection of formal
and casual menswear, which includes chunky knits, trousers, jackets and
shoes in the mid to high segment. Prices range from 300 euros for a shirt
to 2,500 euros for a coat. His second collection built on this style, but
included lighter materials and looser details. The products were already
available at Barneys in New York, Mr. Porter and Matches Fashion.
>p>In an interview with Fashionista he described his target group as
‘people who care about clothes and want a certain effortlessness’. “I don’t
really have an age in mind when I design, it’s more about personality than
fashion; a collection in which you find self-expression, without losing
your own identity, without becoming a fashion victim.”
Paul Helbers: From consultant to designer for major fashion houses
Helbers worked as a designer for Maison Martin Margiela for five years
before joining Louis Vuitton, where he worked under Marc Jacobs in the
menswear division. Before kicking off his career working for major fashion
houses, Helbers graduated from the Royal College of Art in London and went
to work for the now discontinued fashion chain Mac & Maggie in Amsterdam.
“It was what H&M is today,” Helbers said of the brand.
Following his time there, he joined forces with several Mac & Maggie
colleagues to launch the tailored sportswear collection called Inch. “It
was very Dutch. I come from the Netherlands, and when you fly over the
country, you see that it too is very much designed. Every square inch is
cultivated, and that was also the idea behind the collection,” Helbers told
Fashionista. Eventually he quit the label and started to work as a menswear
designer in the Netherlands. Not long after, he received a call from
Margiela asking him to join the brand as a designer.
His time at Margiela was a major learning process for Helbers, because –
as he tells it – he was confronted with a designer who ‘ultimately makes
both clothing and fashion’. “I also learned to think before drawing,
instead of simply producing and reworking. You follow the entire process of
conceptualization,” Helbers revealed.
Paul Helbers takes step back with launch of eponymous fashion label
When Helbers joined Louis Vuitton in 2005, menswear collections were
still rather inconsequential. In the time he worked for the fashion house,
he was able to double menswear’s revenues.
After leaving Louis Vuitton in 2011, Helbers became a consultant for a
range of fashion brands, including Chinese cashmere manufacturer Erdos. In
the meantime, he also laid down the groundwork for his own brand. Not only
did he look for partners, he also explored the way in which his collections
would be manufactured. “Where and how my clothing is made is very important
to me,” Helbers said.
 Helbers chose to launch his own brand because he has a very specific
methodology. “My inspiration often arises from a historic perspective; the
workshops I worked with are all as old as my inspirational images,” he told
Fashionweek.nl. “I often enter into a very close working relationship with
workshops, which ensures that traditional craftsmanship is given new life
and becomes connected with the present. This methodology is hard to find
among existing brands, because there the focus is usually on the research
of the product,” he explained in the interview.
Helbers’ use of athleisure features in his collections is not
arbitrary. Most recently, he worked in a consultancy capacity for
Milan-based womenswear athleisure brand Callens & Co, where he found
inspiration for his own brand. “In the end, people can only ever do one
thing. I’m a one-trick pony. In the nineties, I had already based my own
label on materials for sportswear, but I didn’t yet have the experience I
garnered working for Louis Vuitton and Margiela. Since then, I have learned
how to use materials without losing their elegance,” he revealed to
Fashionista. According to the designer, the latter has proved to be an
advantage. “I think that nowadays there is more room to explore this side
of fashion than in the past. People travel more, their lives are more
dynamic, and so the functionality of the collection emphasizes the way of
life.”
Helbers told Fashionweek.nl that we can expect an expansion of this
current collection with accessories. “The goal is to someday open our own
stores.” These would also offer items like glassware, porcelain and books.
“I want to expand and delve deeper.”
  
Read also:  
Menswear designer to watch out for: Virgil Abloh from Off-White



Menswear designer to watch out for: Gosha Rubchinskiy


 




During the month of June FashionUnited will focus on the menswear catwalk
season. For all reads, click here.


Image: Helbers











Philipp Plein names new CFO and COO




Kristopher Fraser |



Thursday, June 29 2017 



Edwin Navez has recently been appointed CFO and COO of the Lugano based
Philipp Plein Group, the rapidly expanding company founded by German
designer and entrepreneur Philipp Plein.


Navez, a seasoned finance expert, brings with him a vast experience
accumulated in publicly listed companies engaged in various fields from
engineering to pharmaceuticals, as well as in his recent top financial
positions at Michael Kors Europe and Gianni Versace.


His unique experience in problem solving, process improvement and
optimization will be an advantage for the dynamic group which is expected
to surpass a turnover of 300,000,000 Euros in 2017.


Philipp Plein has been working on expanding its international presence.


Last February, the brand opted to show at New York Fashion Week, to help
bring more attention to their American presence. Plein himself is known to
be spotted at his Madison Avenue boutique, where he also gets to see what
his customers really want.


The increased celebrity following for his brand is also helping him boost
sales and increase media exposure. Paris Hilton, Nas and Keyshia Cole are
all known fans of the brand.







 Page 1 of 68 
1234...678910 







(advertisement)	







Job of the week 



Sales Associate - Woodbury Common, NY

Reiss

APPLY NOW






MORE NEWS




UBM Fashion opens its door to first ever consumer-facing show







Czech Republic latest country to ban fur farms







Abercrombie & Fitch to launch on Alibaba’s TMall







Kinnevik NAV improves 3 percent, provides update on new investments







Find Me A Shoe unveils new personalized shoe shopping method







(advertisement)	






Latest jobs

 


Most read


U.S. retail sales fall second month in a row




Stitch Fix letting algorithm design clothes




Interfiliere Paris Fall Winter 2018-19 Overview 




Researchers develop green method for artificial spider silk




​L’Homme Rouge & David Laport win International Woolmark Prize for Europe regional















Fashion Jobs and Fashion News in the USA

Fashion jobs, Fashion news and all other possible information about the fashion world fashion professionals need. Fashion jobs in the United States of America, New York, Los Angeles, Miami and a Fashion News archive and links to international fashion jobs.

Fashion jobs categories

The fashion career center is the best place to look for a job in fashion. Fashion jobs listed at FashionUnited include, retail management jobs, in store jobs, sales jobs, marketing jobs, design jobs, creative jobs, product and supply chain jobs, internships, traineeships, and international jobs in fashion.

Fashion news sections

FashionUnited offers a complete and comprehensive overview for the fashion industry covering all the fashion news, fashion headlines, fashion daily news, trends, fashion weeks, catwalks, fashion industry statistics, fashion education news, and executive news in Fashion.

Career in fashion

Looking for a job in fashion? FashionUnited is the leading destination for people working in fashion. Find jobs, internships, international fashion jobs, career tips, or post your fashion job on the job network.

Fashion World information

Looking for information about the fashion world? FashionUnited provides detailed information about the apparel industry world wide. 80 per cent of the biggest companies in fashion use the services focused on fashion professionals only.












KATIE J  BAYNE - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











KATIE J  BAYNE
Check out list of companies and businesses related to KATIE J  BAYNE. Find out KATIE J  BAYNE address and contact details. View other people related to KATIE J  BAYNE - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

1000 ABERNATHY ROAD SUITE 1200 ATLANTA 30328 GA




Companies related to KATIE J  BAYNE
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0000874214ANN INC.Director 7 TIMES SQUARE 15TH FLOOR NEW YORK 100360000915840BEAZER HOMES USA INCDirector 1000 ABERNATHY ROAD STE 260 ATLANTA 303280001498301Ascena Retail Group, Inc.Director 933 MACARTHUR BOULEVARD  MAHWAH 07430




KATIE J  BAYNE on the Web
Persons related to KATIE J  BAYNE - ANN INC.NamePositionCityKATIE J  BAYNEDirector ATLANTAKATIE J  BAYNEDirector NEW YORKChristine  BeauchampPresident, AnnTaylor Stores NEW YORKChristine  BeauchampPresident, AnnTaylor Stores NEW YORKChristine  BeauchampBrand President, AnnTaylor NEW YORKSCOTT A  BOMMERNEW YORKJAMES J  BURKE JRDirector NEW YORKJAMES J  BURKE JRDirector NEW YORKJAMES J  BURKE JRDirector NEW YORKWESLEY E  CANTRELLDirector NEW YORKWESLEY E  CANTRELLDirector NEW YORKSALLIE A  DEMARSILISSVP/Finance NEW YORKBARBARA  EISENBERGEVP/General Counsel/Secretary NEW YORKBARBARA  EISENBERGEVP/General Counsel/Secretary NEW YORKBARBARA  EISENBERGEVP/General Counsel/Secretary NEW YORKBARBARA  EISENBERGEVP/General Counsel/Secretary NEW YORKMichelle  GassDirector NEW YORKMichelle  GassDirector NEW YORKROBERT C  GRAYSONDirector NEW YORKROBERT C  GRAYSONDirector NEW YORKTAMARA L  HEIMDirector NEW YORKDALE W  HILPERTDirector NEW YORKDALE W  HILPERTDirector NEW YORKDALE W  HILPERTDirector NEW YORKRONALD W  HOVSEPIANDirector PROVORONALD W  HOVSEPIANDirector NEW YORKRONALD W  HOVSEPIANDirector NEW YORKRONALD W  HOVSEPIANDirector NEW YORKLINDA  HUETTDirector WOODBURYLINDA  HUETTDirector NEW YORKLINDA  HUETTDirector NEW YORKLINDA  HUETTDirector NEW YORKJEROME  JESSUPJEROME  JESSUPSr. Ex VP Des. Mer. AT NEW YORKKRILL KATHERINE  LAWTHERPresident & CEO NEW YORKKRILL KATHERINE  LAWTHERChief Executive Officer NEW YORKKRILL KATHERINE  LAWTHERPresident & CEO NEW YORKKRILL KATHERINE  LAWTHERPresident & Chief Exec Officer NEW YORKKRILL KATHERINE  LAWTHERPresident & CEO NEW YORKKRILL KATHERINE  LAWTHERPresident & CEO NEW YORKAdrienne B  LazarusPresident, AnnTaylor Stores NEW YORKROCHELLE B  LAZARUSDirector NEW YORKBrian E  LynchPresident Corporate Operations NEW YORKBrian E  LynchPresident Corporate Operations NEW YORKBrian E  LynchBrand President, AnnTaylor NEW YORKDWIGHT  MEYERExec VP, Global Sourcing NEW YORKGARY  MUTOPresident, ANN INC. Brands GARY  MUTOPresident, LOFT NEW YORKGARY  MUTOPresident, LOFT NEW YORKGARY  MUTOPresident, ANN INC. Brands NEW YORKMichael J  NicholsonEVP, COO & CFO NEW YORKMichael J  NicholsonEVP & Chief Financial Officer NEW YORKMichael J  NicholsonEVP, COO & CFO NEW YORKMichael C.  PlanskyDirector NEW YORKKatherine H  RamundoEVP/General Counsel/Secretary NEW YORKKatherine H  RamundoEVP/General Counsel/Secretary NEW YORKSTACEY  RAUCHDirector NEW YORKSTACEY  RAUCHNEW YORKDominick J  ReisVice President & Controller NEW YORKAnthony  RomanoEVP/Corporate Operations NEW YORKAnthony  RomanoEVP/Chief Supply Chain Officer NEW YORKSAB CAPITAL ADVISORS LLCNEW YORKSAB CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLCNEW YORKSAB CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LPNEW YORKLinda  SilukSenior Vice President, Finance NEW YORKJAMES M  SMITHEVP/Chief Financial Officer NEW YORKJAMES M  SMITHEVP/Chief Financial Officer NEW YORKJ PATRICK  SPAINHOURChairman/Chief Exec Officer NEW YORKJ PATRICK  SPAINHOURChairman/Chief Exec Officer NEW YORKMICHAEL W  TRAPPDirector NEW YORKMICHAEL W  TRAPPDirector NEW YORKMICHAEL W  TRAPPDirector NEW YORKBarbara A  TurfDirector NEW YORKLAURA A  WEILSr. EVP/Chief Oper. Officer NEW YORKDANIEL W  YIHDirector DANIEL W  YIHDirector NEW YORKDANIEL W  YIHDirector NEW YORKPersons related to KATIE J  BAYNE - BEAZER HOMES USA INCNamePositionCityELIZABETH S  ACTONDirector DETROITELIZABETH S  ACTONDirector ATLANTALAURENT  ALPERTDirector ATLANTALAURENT  ALPERTDirector ATLANTAC LOWELL  BALLSVP ATLANTABASSWOOD CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC10% Owner NEW YORKKATIE J  BAYNEDirector ATLANTABRIAN C  BEAZERDirector ATLANTABRIAN C  BEAZERDirector ATLANTACory Jacobs  BoydstonSVP, Treasurer ATLANTAMICHAEL R  DOUGLASEVP Special Counsel ATLANTAFred  FrattoSVP, Human Resources ATLANTAMICHAEL H  FURLOWEVP, Chief Operating Officer ATLANTAKenneth J  GaryEVP, General Counsel ATLANTAKENNETH F  KHOURYEVP, General Counsel FEDERAL WAYKENNETH F  KHOURYEVP and General Counsel ATLANTAKENNETH F  KHOURYEVP, General Counsel ATLANTAPETER G  LEEMPUTTEDirector LAKE FORESTPETER G  LEEMPUTTEDirector ATLANTAPETER G  LEEMPUTTEDirector ATLANTABENNETT D  LINDENBAUMNEW YORKBENNETT D  LINDENBAUMNEW YORKMATTHEW A  LINDENBAUMNEW YORKIAN J  MCCARTHYFormer President and CEO ATLANTAALLAN P  MERRILLPresident and CEO WESTLAKE VILLAGEALLAN P  MERRILLEVP, Chief Financial Officer ATLANTAALLAN P  MERRILLPresident and CEO ATLANTAMAUREEN E  OCONNELLDirector ATLANTAJAMES  OLEARYEVP, Chief Financial Officer ATLANTAPeter M  OrserDirector FEDERAL WAYNorma Ann  ProvencioDirector COVINANorma Ann  ProvencioDirector ATLANTANorma Ann  ProvencioDirector ATLANTAMICHAEL T  RANDSVP, Chief Accounting Officer ATLANTARobert L.  SalomonEVP, Chief Financial Officer ATLANTARobert L.  SalomonEVP, Chief Financial Officer ATLANTADANNY R  SHEPHERDDirector BIRMINGHAMJOHN  SKELTONSVP, Forward Planning ATLANTAJONATHAN  SMOKESVP Corp Strategy & Innovation ATLANTALARRY T  SOLARIDirector ATLANTALARRY T  SOLARIDirector ATLANTASTEPHEN P  ZELNAK JRDirector STEPHEN P  ZELNAK JRDirector ATLANTASTEPHEN P  ZELNAK JRDirector ATLANTAPersons related to KATIE J  BAYNE - Ascena Retail Group, Inc.NamePositionCityKATIE J  BAYNEDirector ATLANTACatherine Elizabeth  BuggelnDirector SUFFERNCatherine Elizabeth  BuggelnDirector SUFFERNCatherine Elizabeth  BuggelnDirector MAHWAHARMAND  CORREIAExecutive Vice President & CFO SUFFERNKLAUS  EPPLERDirector NEW YORKKLAUS  EPPLERDirector SUFFERNKLAUS  EPPLERDirector MAHWAHRobert  GiammatteoEVP, CFO MAHWAHDuane D  HollowayEVP, General Counsel MAHWAHDAVID R  JAFFEPresident & CEO SUFFERNDAVID R  JAFFEPresident & CEO MAHWAHELISE  JAFFESenior Vice President SUFFERNELISE  JAFFESVP MAHWAHELLIOT S  JAFFEChairman SUFFERNELLIOT S  JAFFEDirector SUFFERNELLIOT S  JAFFEChairman MAHWAHDAVID R  JAFFEEPresident & CEO SUFFERNDAVID R  JAFFEEPresident & CEO SUFFERNDAVID L  JOHNSSUFFERNDAVID L  JOHNSSVP & CIO SUFFERNDAVID L  JOHNSSVP & CIO MAHWAHSteven  KirshenbaumDirector MAHWAHErnest R  LaPorteSVP & CAO PARAMUSErnest R  LaPorteMAHWAHErnest R  LaPorteSVP, Chief Accounting Officer MAHWAHMARC  LASRYDirector NEW YORKKRILL KATHERINE  LAWTHERDirector NEW YORKJay S.  LevineSVP, Chief Accounting Officer SUFFERNBrian E  LynchChief Operating Officer NEW YORKDirk A  MontgomeryEVP & CFO SUFFERNRANDY L  PEARCEDirector MINNEAPOLISRANDY L  PEARCEDirector SUFFERNRANDY L  PEARCEDirector MAHWAHRANDY L  PEARCEDirector MAHWAHJohn E  PershingEVP, Chief HR Officer RICHFIELDSTACEY  RAUCHDirector NEW YORKMICHAEL W  RAYDENCEO, Tween Brands, Inc. SUFFERNMICHAEL W  RAYDENCEO, Tween Brands, Inc. SUFFERNMICHAEL W  RAYDENCEO, Tween Brands, Inc. MAHWAHMICHAEL W  RAYDENCEO, Tween Brands, Inc. MAHWASHRonald  RobinsonPres, Global Sourcing SUFFERNRonald  RobinsonPres, Global Sourcing MAHWAHCARL  RUBINDirector DELRAY BEACHJohn J.  SullivanEVP - Chief Operating Officer SUFFERNJohn J.  SullivanEVP - Chief Operating Officer MAHWAHKevin Michael  TrolaroInterim CFO MAHWAHJOHN  USDANDirector SUFFERNJOHN  USDANDirector SUFFERNJOHN  USDANDirector MAHWAHGENE  WEXLERSVP, General Counsel SUFFERNGENE  WEXLERSVP, General Counsel SUFFERNGENE  WEXLERSVP, General Counsel MAHWAHLinda  YaccarinoDirector MAHWAH












 






   Katie Bayne | The Coca-Cola Company | ZoomInfo.com