



Texas Bbl  Lp in Irving, TX 75063 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Texas
» Irving
» General Contractors
» Texas Bbl  Lp













Texas Bbl  Lp


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





9901 Vly Rnch Pkwy E  Irving, Texas 75063


(972) 869-1808


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Texas Bbl  Lp is located at the address 9901 Vly Rnch Pkwy E in Irving, Texas 75063.  They can be contacted via phone at (972) 869-1808 for pricing, hours and directions.  Texas Bbl  Lp specializes in Ponds, Furniture, Underpinning.  Texas Bbl  Lp provides Coatings, Sealing, Mobile Services to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Texas Bbl  Lp view the map to the right.  For reviews of Texas Bbl  Lp see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Dump Trucks
, Shutters
, Wire
, Plywood
, Doors
, Water Pumps
, Landscaping
, Porches
, Corrals
, Storm Doors



SERVICES


Mobile Services
, Sprinklers & Irrigation
, Curbing
, Job Placement
, Cleaning
, Sealing
, Sales & Information
, Aluminum Work
, Residential Services
, Coatings


 BRANDS


Termidor
, Haas
, Butler
, Sears
, Keystone
, Action Fence
, Ceco
, Sherwin Williams
, WeedEater
, Mid America


 SPECIALTIES


Blood Stains
, Furniture
, Underpinning
, Basement Floors
, Roofs
, Offices
, Water Pressure Problems
, Asphalt Repairs
, Ponds
, Pressure Washers



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (972) 869-1808
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 20 To 49
Exact Employee Count: 30
Location Type: Branch Location
CATEGORIES:


General Contractors
Nonresidential Building Construction
Construction
Building Construction



People Also Viewed


Scott Carpenter Construction


211 Parkway Dr  Irving, Texas 75061




B G Construction


1328 Abbott Dr  Irving, Texas 75060




Picon


3116 Trent St  Irving, Texas 75061




Vratsinas Construction Company


600 Las Colinas Blvd E  Irving, Texas 75039




R Rafter, Inc


1100 Travis Cir S  Irving, Texas 75038




Texas Framing & Construction


1915 Peters Rd  Irving, Texas 75061





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM














Texas Bbl L.P in Albany, NY 12203 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» New York
» Albany
» General Contractors
» Texas Bbl L.P













Texas Bbl L.P


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





302 Washington Avenue Ext  Albany, New York 12203




 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Texas Bbl L.P is located at the address 302 Washington Avenue Ext in Albany, New York 12203.  Texas Bbl L.P specializes in Windows, Custom Construction, Urine Stains.  Texas Bbl L.P has an annual sales volume of 100M+.  .For more information contact Michael F Bette, PartnerTexas Bbl L.P provides Water Clean Up, Drains, Asphalt Paving to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Texas Bbl L.P view the map to the right.  For reviews of Texas Bbl L.P see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Ceramic Tile
, Vinyl Siding
, Granite
, Countertops
, Above Ground Tanks
, Patios
, Security
, Asphalt
, Skylights
, Trucks



SERVICES


Seamless Gutters
, Lighting
, Concrete Repairs
, Mulching
, Water Clean Up
, Texturing
, Asphalt Paving
, Structural Drying
, Drains
, Disinfecting


 BRANDS


Delta
, Unilock
, benjamin moore
, Firestone
, AutoCAD
, AO Smith
, Apollo
, Genie
, Mid America
, American Standard


 SPECIALTIES


Decks
, Urine Stains
, Ponds
, Bathrooms
, Livestock
, Sunrooms
, Windows
, Stain
, Custom Construction
, Water Pressure Problems



 


Information

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 500 To 999
Exact Employee Count: 750
Exact Sales Volume: 300000000
Sales Volume: 100M+
CATEGORIES:


General Contractors
Residential Building Construction
Construction
Building Construction



People Also Viewed


Barry, Bette & Led Duke, Inc


Po Box 12789  Albany, New York 12212




B&d Contracting


35 Grove Ave  Albany, New York 12208




American Steel & Aluminum Corp


1 W Albany Dr  Albany, New York 12205




Dinovo Home Improvement


34 Glenwood Rd  Albany, New York 12204




G M Contracting


66 Bassett St  Albany, New York 12202




Con-Tech Construction


102 Washington Ave  Albany, New York 12210





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Michael F Bette
PARTNER
Phone: (518) 452-8200 
 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM





















 




Bbl Builders L.P.                                                                                                        - Plano                                             , TX         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



Plano



Residential Construction, Nec



Apartment Building Construction



                            Bbl Builders L.P.
                                    



 





















B 


Bbl Builders L.P.                                                                                                       
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



3401 PREMIER DR PLANO, TX 75023
Get Directions



(518) 213-1060
www.bettecring.com                                                                                      





Business Info



 Founded 2000
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $13,805,798.00
 Employee Count 5
 Industries Apartment Building Construction
 Contacts Mark Bette                                                                                                              







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Bbl Builders L.p.                                                                                                        was founded in 2000. Bbl Builders L.p.                                                                                                        specializes in Apartment Building Construction. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







B

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.





























Home




























 












					Home									



					About Us									



					Products										




					Carbs										




					Complete Carbs									



					Carb Parts									



					Spacers									





					Fuel Pumps										




					Complete Pumps									



					Regulators									



					Fuel Filters									



					Parts & Kits									





					Engine Drive Assesories										




					Pullys & Components									



					Belts & Related									



					Drive Kits, etc									





					Engine Hard Parts										




					Timing Cover Service Parts									



					Timing Covers									





					Fittings/Gaskets/Tools										




					Fittings									



					Gaskets									





					Specialty Tools & Kits										




					Booster installation									



					Booster Leveling									



					Carb Inspection									



					Jet Tools									



					Main Body Thread Repair									



					Metering Block Related									



					Pin Guage Sets									



					Pump Nozzle Repair Kits									



					Verticle Mill Booster									







					Contacts									



					Help Center									


















		When Results Count...

		We Deliver Quality!

		And Take It to the Xtreme!.

		BLP Racing Products

 
Blp Products Online






Search our product catalogue





 




 
Featured Products




				Holley® HP 4150 standard specifications.			





				BX4 Xtreme Product Release			





				BLP Billet Fixed Emulsion Metering Blocks			





				LIMITED EDITION WEEKEND WARRIOR			





				BLP 2015 Fall Newsletter			





 
BLP News Flash



			July Sales Event 10%		


Read more ...








 

Did you Know?

BLP offers custom machining. Please Call for details.





Our Partners




















































































 BLP Racing Products


BLP designs and manufactures high quality performance racing fuel systems, drive components and accessory engine parts. Along with performance Holley® modified carburetors, BLP Billet Xtreme carburetors, gaskets, and belt driven fuel pumps. 

We carry on of the largest inventories of Holley® performance carburetor service parts in the industry.
 BLP also offers special machining and laser marking services to our customers allowing custom configurations.
Confidentiality to our customers is paramount! Commitment to quality service and parts is exemplified through continued expansion of our product line, the latest in CNC technology. Our continued development in carburetor and performance product development enables BLP to remain a leader in the racing industry.
We are Proud of our long standing status in the industry, our staff, but most of all, in our commitment to service you, our customers.
 
              Fueling your passion for 50 years.
 
            
              
               President
 
 
 



Home






 

Contact Informaton


 
Order: 1-800-624-1358
Tech: 407-422-0394 
FAX: 407-422-2741
Email Us
 





Customer Support

 

Downloadable Catalog
Contact Us
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
My Account



 

Follow Us

 
BLP News Letter (subscribe) News Flash Archive Notes from the Staff 






    Saturday the 22nd. 
    . 
                    Saithnet Solutions            
    



















BBL Builders, LP, A Bette Company | Pro Builder































PRODUCTSProfessional BuilderProfessional RemodelerCustom Builder 

Sign up for FREE Newsletters








HOUSING GIANTSDESIGN TRENDSBUILDING SCIENCENEW PRODUCTS 


Search form

Search 





 






Search form

Search 





 



PRODUCTSProfessional BuilderHOUSING GIANTSDESIGN TRENDSBUILDING SCIENCENEW PRODUCTSProfessional RemodelerCustom Builder 












 



Search form

Search 





 




























 



 



 

























BBL Builders, LP, A Bette Company



   

Tweet



















  
 2016 Rank: 121 
 2015 Rank: 118 
 2014 Rank: 150 
 2013 Rank: NR 
 Principal Officer: Mark Bette 
 Website: www.bblbuilders.com 
 
Location: Dallas, TX
 
 Founded: 1993 
 Private 
  
  
   

 







 




More like this

Starwood Capital infuses TRI Pointe Homes with $150 million for home building operations
Kitchen & Bath Features to Make You Stand Out & Seal the Deal
Chinese home builders think U.S. housing market is a good bet
New Home Company buys NoCal lots
ProBuilder Product Report: Structural
 








 











 




SUBSCRIBE      




 


Point Of View



Got a story you want to share with PB readers? Write ddersin@sgcmail.com or aalbert@sgcmail.com



  
 Myths and Truths of Millennial Home Buying 
 June 27, 2017 
 By: Michael Nunziata  
 After spending the better part of a decade on the sidelines, Millennials are finally starting to buy homes.  


more Point of View blogs

 


Ask Mollie




  
 Making the Most of Social Media 
  
 By: Mollie Elkman 
 Q.  My sales person seems to be doing a good job with our social media, but how can I tell for sure?
—Builder, La.
  


more

 


Blogs




  
 Go With The Flow 
 July 14, 2017 
 By: Susan Bady  
 When we are completely focused on a task, we’re said to be “in the zone.” I call it being on a roll, and once it kicks in I can write for hours without a break, and invariably I do my best work.  


more blogs

 


Videos




 


 
 Vic Remmers 
   


More Videos

 



 



 


SUBSCRIBE TODAY



Enter your email address here to be automatically subscribed to our daily newsletter!



Email Address *



First Name *



Last Name *



Company *



Title *



 PB Daily Feed 


 PB Design Innovation Newsletter 


 K+B Design Studio 





 PB Featured Case Study 


 PB Video Alert 


 PB Blog Alert 


 PB Product Spotlight 






 


Video Categories


Main Video PageBusiness ManagementMarketingSalesBuilding MaterialsBuilding TechnologyDesignInside Video SeriesProductsShow Village
 


















 June 2017
This Month in Professional Builder 


  
 
DIGITAL EDITION 
 Products 


 Postmodern Fixtures | Troy Lighting 
   

 
 Features 


 Eco Achievers' Jason LaFleur Ties Building Science to Healthy Homes and Appraisals 
 The builder scientist and rater for multiple green building ...  

  

 













close [x]
 


 







Overlay Init 



















 













 




BBL Commodities: 2017 Opportunities in Crude Oil, Refined Products and Natural Gas - Opalesque TV

































Welcome Guest
Sign up for free
Sign In






Opalesque TV


Most Viewed
All Videos
About




Most Viewed Videos
Most Shared Videos


List Newest Videos First
List Oldest Videos First
Show Videos on Map
List by Geographical Region

















 



Video not playing? Please email us if you need further help.





Embed

Share
Comment (1)















Tweet



















BBL Commodities: 2017 Opportunities in Crude Oil, Refined Products and Natural Gas
Mar 20 2017
1 Comment


						Jonathan Goldberg is the Founder and Chief Investment Officer of BBL Commodities LP, an investment manager which employs a fundamental, discretionary relative value strategy focused on the petroleum complex and natural gas. Jon has spent his entire career analyzing and trading in the oil and gas commodities markets, beginning at J. Aron, the commodities division of Goldman Sachs from 2003 to 2010. His first role was in working with Goldman's refining and end-user clients on structured hedging transactions before taking over a proprietary trading role.

Mr. Goldberg then worked as a partner in Glencore's oil department from 2010 through 2013, where he was responsible for helping to build the firm's US oil derivatives business. Mr. Goldberg managed a proprietary book and leveraged his financial experience as well as his understanding of the physical oil markets, and subsequently launched BBL in August of 2013, bringing several members of his Glencore team along with him.

In this Opalesque.TV interview, Mr. Goldberg discusses how his relative value commodity approach differs from many other hedge fund peers in the sector, and how the investment process more appropriately reflects the actions taken within an oil trading house.

The strategy is versatile in its application and expression and is designed to operate in different and changing market conditions. Trade expressions are predominantly designed through futures based spreads, with a focus on the middle part of the futures curve. Whilst the strategy may take directional exposure, it typically has no directional bias and provides diversity by being comprised of different trades through the petroleum complex, which at times may be independently bullish or bearish in nature.

The foundation of the investment process is the fundamental analysis of micro supply and demand balances in global oil and micro oil market, seeking to identify and capitalize on the potentially substantial mispricing that exists in the market, due to seasonal trends, poor understanding of the dynamics of the forward curve and incomplete supply and demand analysis by market participants.

Jon describes what makes the market environment in 2017 flush with opportunity sets for relative value oil trading, particularly due to OPEC’s crude oil production cuts and US supply growth. Relative value oil traders can capitalize on such movements, trading the front of the curve versus the back of the curve.

Learn more about:Why OPEC’s production cuts combined with US production trough drives relative value trade opportunitiesThe impact of upcoming spec changes coming to the US market, and why regulatory changes will increase global distillate demandThe importance of a diversified set of positions into different themesNatural gas market sell-offs in 2017 due to historically warm weatherNatural gas production is actually declining on a year-on-year basis in both 2016 and 2017Why gas markets may see very large inventory declines going through the summer and into the winter of 2018, driving higher prices for the forward curveHow a strategy based on relative value is able to operate in different and changing market conditionsImportance of diversity in positions [less]


						Jonathan Goldberg is the Founder and Chief Investment Officer of BBL Commodities LP, an investment manager which employs a fundamental, discretionary relative value strategy focused on the petroleum complex and natural gas. Jon has spent his entire career analyzing and trading in the oil and gas commodities markets, beginning at J. Aron, the commodities division of Goldman Sachs from 2003 to 2010. His first role was in working with Goldman's refining and end-user clients on structured hedging transactions before taking over a proprietary trading ro						...more










More videos about 
		CTAs & Managed Futures, Niche Strategies, Research/Education. Location: New York
			» 
 




						Jack Schwager presents: 15 Hedge Fund Market Wizards trading secrets & insights in their own words Opalesque.TV interview Part 1







						Jim Chanos: Psychology of short selling; China makes Europe, U.S. debt look like child's play







						Subduing the enemy: The Ins and Outs of Volatility Trading







						Elena Ambrosiadou Opalesque.TV interview Part 1







						So You Want to Start a Hedge Fund? Lessons from 120 early stage hedge fund investments, 40 manager seeds




 


Anthony Ward, Armajaro





Jack Schwager's new book “Market Sense and Nonsense” – 30 years observing investment mistakes Opalesque.TV interview Part 2





George Schultze:  The Art of Vulture Investing





Karsten Schroeder, Amplitude Capital: Can German engineering drive a CTA? Opalesque.TV interview Part 1





Chess Grandmaster turns hedge fund manager seeded by Peter Thiel


 


Chenavari Investment Managers: One of Europe's top performing hedge funds





Chronic difficulty and failure raising assets: Why 89% of all hedge funds never get over $100m





The “Twitter Hedge Fund”: Harnessing the power of social media for investment direction





Kerrisdale Capital: How do people react these days to a hedge fund making 200% a year? Opalesque.TV interview Part 1





Dr. Lars Jaeger on Hedge Fund Replication and Alternative Beta Opalesque.TV interview Part 1


 


Structural Alpha:  Learn from the successes of Buffett and Einhorn





A multi-family office backing prop traders, market makers and CTAs





Ex-Wharton professor builds next generation trading platform - “systematic equivalent of prop desk”





Barney Schauble, Nephila Capital: Investing in reinsurance and weather risk Opalesque.TV interview Part 1





Bob Treue - The Barnegat Fund:  Overcoming the myth of Long-Term Capital Management


 


Topwater risk-based managed account platform attracts more traders and investors





Commodities wizard Renée Haugerud: What you should know about the coming “inverse stagflation”





Adam Rodman, one of Forbes’ “30 under 30”:  Contrarian in a consensus world





Jerry Swank: U.S. Energy Master Limited Partnerships (MLPs)  best performing asset class last 10, 5, and 3 yrs





Giovanni de Francisci: The "unconventional" hedge fund investor


 


Melvyn Teo, Associate Professor of Finance at Singapore Management University and Director of BNP Paribas Hedge Fund Centre





Francois Bonnin Opalesque.TV interview Part 1





Francois-Serge Lhabitant: The professor who runs $5-$6 billion in hedge funds





Systematic Trading: Low volatility systems no guarantee to avoid "Risk of Ruin"





Narayan Naik, Professor of Finance, Director Hedge Fund Research Centre,  London Business School on Opalesque.TV interview Part 1


 


Ernesto Prado: “Hedging 2.0”: Why combining a long and a short doesn't mean you're hedged





Deepak Gurnani:  How a "risk master" addresses hedge funds' "average" risk management Opalesque.TV interview Part 1





Alexander Ineichen: Why the investment case for hedge funds is still sound





Dr. Galen Burghardt:  Measuring the impact of trend following in the CTA space





The Art of Buying a Hedge Fund: Why more firms are now looking to acquire a hedge fund, but mergers can also fail


 


Peter Lunzer: Liquid Investments -- All about investing in wine Opalesque.TV interview Part 1





Eric Rosenfeld: How institutional investors have come to recognize the value of activist investing





Hanming Rao: High Alpha, high Sharpe using Weekly-Expiry Options





Kaizen: How to target and achieve 30-35% compound annual net return





Up 90% in 2014:  Adam Tomas, a different systematic long term trend follower trading “axiomatic regularities”


 


Uncorrelated Investments Show Episode 3: Players in the MF Global saga tell their stories





Thomas Stridsman: How to make money in short term trend following, in a challenging market





Why have 14 blue chip hedge fund managers acquired or started reinsurers?





Alain De Coster: Institutions shift to long-short hedge funds for equity exposure





André Steyn: Africa's leading short-seller


 


“Quit your job and live off what you can take out of the markets”





40+ years trading veteran sees multi-year bull market in agriculture...but not for the "dumb" money





Positive Convexity: How a CTA has outperformed the index by +7.5% annually





Three Arrows Capital: Fast growing emerging markets hedge fund





Insurance Linked Securities (ILS) market poised for growth, offering enhanced and uncorrelated performance


 


Survival instincts through Black Swan Events define the best hedge fund managers





Opalesque Campus: Top Hedge Fund Academic - Operational Due Diligence as a Source of Alpha





Hancock Agricultural Investment Group - An "institutional" asset manager in agriculture





The CAIA Association:  Determining global asset allocation trends and rapidly growing Asia hedge fund centers





Aquila Capital Green Assets: Producing food instead of speculating with food


 


Simon Lack: The Hedge Fund Mirage – T-Bills better than hedge funds?





Former Lehman veterans roll out one of the first systematic, innovative volatility funds





Guan Ong, Blue Rice Investment Management: Opportunities in Asian corporate credit





Agriculture Investing in Latin America: Argentina and Uruguay, an "amazing story"





NEW: The Opalesque Uncorrelated Investments Show


 


John Taylor, FX Concepts: Forex heyday far from over





Nancy Havens-Hasty:  How to succeed and build a long-term track record in M+A hedge fund strategies





Claude Porret: Why investing with Emerging Managers can be safer than with large or even “legends” hedge funds





Emerging Markets Fund Panel, Jeffries Prime Brokerage Conference Opalesque.TV interview Part 2





CIAM: Paris-based pure, concentrated merger arbitrage fund managed by 3 French Power Women


 


The New Green Revolution: GAIA Capital on opportunities in agriculture and resources





Tim Coffin: Capital scarcity creates attractive investment opportunities in shipping





5192% since inception, 31.1% average net annual return





Jack Schwager discusses FundSeeder, a free platform to find undiscovered worldwide trading talent





Cavenagh Capital: statistical concepts help macro traders deal with a changed world


 


Finding the right “building blocks” for Man Group's $13.2 bln multi-manager business





Laffitte Capital: Unique edge through adding quantitative elements to merger arbitrage strategies





Puzzle Capital: Outperforming in Merger Arbitrage





Craig Asche, CAIA Association: Education is key for alternative investments





Third Friday Total Return Fund, one of the best performing hedge funds on a risk-adjusted basis, gets institutional traction


 


Tantalum Capital: One of South Africa's leading hedge funds





Dave Fishwick: Avoid forecasts, watch for emotions: How to excel in Global Macro





South African hedge fund outperforms global peers three years going





Mark Okada (Highland Capital): From the first CLO to alternative mutual funds (Part 1) Opalesque.TV interview Part 1





Bob Discolo: Hedge funds are still in the early stages of evolution (Part 1) Opalesque.TV interview Part 1


 


Chris McGuire: Uncorrelated Returns through unique asset swaps and convertible bonds in Japan





Family Office Winged Foot Capital: Focus on niche, uncorrelated strategies with consistent risk-adjusted returns





Arcus - Making money while markets "go nowhere": smart money coming back to Japan





David Baran:  Piling up profits from Japan M&A boom which is missed by most investors due to 'can't make money in Japan' bias





Episode Two of Uncorrelated Investing


 


AllMountain Capital: Managed Futures now a small, but growing industry in Switzerland





Francois Dotta: Trade finance generates consistent and uncorrelated returns with low volatility





Kirby Daley: A cancer of debt - what it means for hedge fund investors





Smn Investment Services: Isn’t the discretionary trader the real “black box”?





SSARIS: How crisis alpha / divergent strategies help produce absolute return


 


Eoin Murray: From CIO Old Mutual Asset Managers ($12bn) to hedge fund founder





Opportunities in Frontier Markets: Mongolia, the fastest growing economy of the world





Michael Kao: Combining different parts of the capital structure for thematically diversified portfolios with asymmetric profiles





Coriolis Capital: Lack of correlation, Libor+ returns, low volatility and liquidity drive ILS funds





Guggenheim Investment Advisors: Charles Stucke on merits of behavioral finance, contrarianism


 


Oldest South African hedge fund, up 30% annualised for 17 years, to close soon to new investments





Opalesque.TV: Soft commodities trader David Stephen Martin’s rise to institutional-grade CTA





IPM: Why CTAs aren't enough to effectively hedge institutions' equity exposure





AIMA:  Understanding the uncertain global regulatory framework for hedge funds





Top performing Legends Fund offers daily access to a portfolio of mostly closed hedge fund legends since 2010


 


Istar Capital:  The only CTA seeded by an institutional investor in 2011





Gapstow Capital Partners: A broader definition of credit opportunities





A Discussion with Jeff Kong: His Top-Ranked Fund Strategy and Why Carry is King





HiQ Invest: How to add up to 150 clients per month





Benjamin Ball: Excellence at pitching vs. Excellence at investing


 


Steve Diggle: From Artradis to Vulpes





Trade Finance: No down month since 2006 and best years still ahead





Opalesque.TV: Why women outperform male money managers: Biological, cognitive, and behavioral aspects





Uncorrelated Investments Show with Prof. Thomas Schneeweis





Investcorp Research:  The great misallocation - larger hedge funds are not safer than emerging managers Opalesque.TV interview Part 2


 


Saemor Capital: one of the largest and most successful European market-neutral hedge funds





State Street Global Advisors Lisa O’Connor on key global macro themes and “Currency War” in Asia





Lindsey Clavel from Hedgebay on Hedge Fund Secondary Markets Opalesque.TV interview Part 1





Swan Re targets 20% ROE using reinsurance premium float





Hollard Stable Fund: No down year since 2003 launch, CAGR of 16.0%


 


KeyQuant: The benefits of an all-weather, fully systematic trading model





The Alternative Answer Provides Logical Framework For Analysis, Tackles Controversy With Intellectual Gravitas





How non-EU managers can access Europe without being licensed under AIFMD





Jessica McCarroll: Silverhorn Dynamic Relative Value Fund combines risk-on and risk-off investment modes





Jean Pierre Verster: "Quantamental" investing helps managers and investors avoid behavioral biases


 


Private debt access: New multi-manager fund offers exposure to niche strategies





Prof. Dr. Peter Meier unveils science-based total risk rating of hedge funds





Arnaud Chretien: Using quant power to target optimal risk allocation





WyeTree Asset Management: Opportunities in the $1 trillion RMBS market





Ernest Jaffarian: Why every institutional portfolio needs exposure to managed futures


 


The Probabilities Fund: Trend Following in 40 Act mutual fund format





Uys Meyer: South African hedge fund pioneer re-opens commodity fund





Angelo Robles:  Examining the decision to form a single family office





Private pension manager forecasts "great merger" between traditional PE and hedge fund managers





Simon Lack's new book, "The Crisis Facing Fixed Income Investors"


 


How the Asian hedge fund industry grew from a few dozen to almost 1000 managers





Stratton Street Capital: Investing in wider horizons





Key differences between the European RMBS market and US non-agency market





Almost twice as many foreign managers comply with Swiss than with AIFM distribution rules





Dr. Tillmann Sachs: Bringing self-learning models and adaptive algorithms to the CTA industry


 


Louis Gargour: Profiting from Europe, the 'sweet spot' of the credit cycle





Performance Chasing & Bad Timing: When Investors Fail





“Hedge fund reinsurers” face criticism, but is it warranted?





Mark Okada (Highland Capital Management, LP):  The future of the CLO space (Part 2) Opalesque.TV interview Part 2





Flat markets, high volatility force Aussie institutions, superannuation funds and high net-worth investors to research and invest into domestic hedge funds


 


CoroCapital: A hedge fund’s success is determined pre-launch





Shining light on the shadow banking business... Private credit and enforcement in China: Better than you think





Tower Capital: Getting liquid access to African frontier markets





Rebound and opportunities in U.S. REITS and global real estate





Martin Estlander: Are Nordic CTAs different from their U.S. or London peers?


 


Stephane Pizzo: Conflicts of interests, the hidden malaise of hedge funds





Masahiro Koshiba: How long can hedge funds benefit from Abenomics?





Dr. Amin El Kholy: How is MENA different from typical frontier or emerging markets?





Why every asset manager should care about captive insurance





Paul Grassi: How hedge fund insurance evolved since 2000


 


Making money while sleeping soundly: Swiss 'Compounders' highly attractive





The real question is not are hedge funds good or bad, but what is a good and a bad way to invest in hedge funds





Why 3500 institutions followed technical analyst Greg Troccoli’s trade recommendations





A different type of listed real estate fund: absolute return, thematic fund yields 20.5% net p.a.





Jack Inglis:  AIMA’s future role as hedge fund assets could top $5 trillion


 


Gibraltar Stock Exchange: Europe’s most competitive and fastest gateway solution for non EU managers, corporates and insurers





Hit ratio of 90% and Sharpe of 8: New solution to old market timing problem





Shinichiro Shiraki: How to design investment products Japanese institutions like





MultiStrat Re: Platform concept helps asset managers raise assets as permanent capital through reinsurance





First Trust Advisors targets retail and institutions with  Liquid Alternative ETFs


 


Sea change in Germany as search for yield, diversification pressures investors to allocate to hedge funds, alternatives





Pengana: Accessing Australian asset management talent





Mikael Stenbom, RPM: Identifying the sweet spot - how managers' corporate life cycle affects returns





Better returns, better investor relationships, better process: New position-sizing solution shaking up the industry





Al Masah Capital: Offering access to MENA region in UCITS 4 format


 


What attracted Ascalon/Westpac to seed Morphic and its adaptive global equity strategies





CIAM: Activist investing in Europe on promising start





How SRI is changing capitalism: From tree-hugging to mainstream, if not essential corporate governance





Steve Pratt’s new fund combines Africa exposure, core long term, special ops and momentum/catalyst investments





Marc de Kloe: How you can help private banks to better sell alternatives


 


Harcourt’s superior long-term performance shows there’s real Alpha in fund selection





Self directed superannuation funds:  The most attractive investor base for Aussie hedge funds




More related videos 









Related News







Video Library

Julian Robertson and Tiger Cubs & Seeds
Hedge Fund Investors
Family Offices
Endowments
Private Banks
Pension Fund
Hedge Fund of Funds
Seeders
Sovereign Wealth Funds
Global Macro
CTAs & Managed Futures
Emerging & Frontier Markets
Asia Focus
Latin America
Value/Activist Investing
Green Investing and Agriculture
Niche Strategies
Future of Hedge Funds
Research/Education
Women in Hedge Funds
Uncorrelated Investments Show
Hedge Fund Technology
Real Estate

Video Location

New York (69)
London (27)
Zurich (18)
Singapore (15)
Chicago (14)
Paris (11)
Johannesburg (10)
Amsterdam (7)
Hong Kong (7)
Geneva (6)
Tokyo (6)
Sydney (5)
Dallas (4)
Greenwich, CT (4)
Stockholm (4)
Boston (3)
Buenos Aires (3)
Cape Town (3)
Miami (3)
San Francisco (3)
Hamilton, Bermuda (2)
Las Vegas (2)
Malta (2)
Melbourne (2)
Moscow (2)
Sao Paulo (2)
United Arab Emirates (2)
Auckland (1)
Austin (1)
Austria (1)
Bangkok (1)
Boca Raton (1)
Denver (1)
Dublin (1)
Frankfurt (1)
Gibraltar (1)
Hamburg (1)
Monaco (1)
Shanghai (1)
Toronto (1)
Turkey (1)













Talkback 1 Comment
Please use the comment feature below for your feedback, or email me at knab@opalesque.com. Thank you!
Matthias Knab 									Posted On Mar 20 2017











Tell us what you think 
										- please logon to add your comments 









 Use "anonymous" as my name



Alert me via email on new comments

































Most viewed videos 
Newest Videos






 




					Jack Schwager presents: 15 HedgeFund Market Wizards trading secrets& insights in their own words Opalesque.TV interview Part 1






					Meet Danny Yong, Asia's risinghedge fund titan






					Dr. Ping Jiang: One of the world'sforemost macro traders Opalesque.TV interview Part 1






					Jim Chanos: Psychology of shortselling; China makes Europe, U.S.debt look like child's play

 




					Julian Robertson Opalesque.TV interview Part 1






					Mike Novogratz, President ofFortress Investment Group Opalesque.TV interview Part 1






					Jeffrey Ubben: The Evolution of theActive Value Investment Style Opalesque.TV interview Part 1






					Izzy Englander (Israel A.Englander) Opalesque.TV interview Part 1

 




					Guy Spier: How Value Investing haschanged -- new strategies ofsuccessful value investors Opalesque.TV interview Part 1






					Subduing the enemy: The Ins andOuts of Volatility Trading






					Elena Ambrosiadou Opalesque.TV interview Part 1






					Tiger Cub David Gerstenhaber: Theeconomist whose passion for marketsbegan at age 14

 




					So You Want to Start a Hedge Fund?Lessons from 120 early stage hedgefund investments, 40 manager seeds






					Schwager sums up key lessons ofMarket Wizards series, startsglobal search for ‘undiscoveredtraders'






					Anthony Ward, Armajaro






					Jack Schwager's new book “MarketSense and Nonsense” – 30 yearsobserving investment mistakes Opalesque.TV interview Part 2

 




					William Browder (Bill Browder) Opalesque.TV interview Part 1






					Anthony Scaramucci/SkyBridgeCapital: Fund of funds &seeder, finding the next Ray Dalio,Daniel Och






					George Schultze:  The Art ofVulture Investing






					Karsten Schroeder, AmplitudeCapital: Can German engineeringdrive a CTA? Opalesque.TV interview Part 1

 




					Doug Barnett: The hedge fundmanager of hedge fund managers






					Chess Grandmaster turns hedge fundmanager seeded by Peter Thiel






					Chenavari Investment Managers: Oneof Europe's top performing hedgefunds






					Steve Diggle: Artradis FundManagement, Singapore's largesthedge fund Opalesque.TV interview Part 1

 




					Chronic difficulty and failureraising assets: Why 89% of allhedge funds never get over $100m






					Why a family office moves assetsfrom mega to smaller hedge funds& the six criteria how toselect hedge funds






					The “Twitter Hedge Fund”:Harnessing the power of socialmedia for investment direction






					Kerrisdale Capital: How do peoplereact these days to a hedge fundmaking 200% a year? Opalesque.TV interview Part 1

 

Total  250 video(s) Found
										

More Videos:   1 2 3 4 5 … Next




















Company Information
About Opalesque
History
Awards & Reviews
Testimonials
Privacy & Security
Media Kit
Contact


Publications
 Alternative Market Briefing

Technical Research



Opalesque Roundtables


Research

Technical Research

NEW MANAGERS



Products & Services

Events


Connect with Opalesque


Subscribe to our Services
Subscribe to our RSS feed
Connect with us on LinkedIn
Follow us on Twitter
Subscribe to Opalesque.TV



back to top


Publisher Opalesque. is a member of the Opalesque Group. ©  2001-17 Opalesque. | All rights reserved. Please visit other member firms and services of the Opalesque Group: 
		
		
		Opalesque Publications  | Hedge-Professionals Database  | Opalesque Solutions

















  Hanson Series AR15 (5.56 NATO 1-7/.223) 10.3 in. QPQ Finish Barrel Low Profile | Firearm Parts & Accessories - Gun Parts & Accessories          
                    





 
                       SPECIAL FREE SHIPPING on Orders Over $100.00 ! or Only $5.00 Flat Rate S&H on All Other Web Site Orders Now Through 07/31/2017 ! SPECIAL FREE SHIPPING on Orders Over $100.00 ! or Only $5.00 Flat Rate S&H on All Other Web Site Orders Now Through 07/31/2017 ! SPECIAL FREE SHIPPING on Orders Over $100.00 ! or Only $5.00 Flat Rate S&H on All Other Web Site Orders Now Through 07/31/2017 ! SPECIAL FREE SHIPPING on Orders Over $100.00 ! or Only $5.00 Flat Rate S&H on All Other Web Site Orders Now Through 07/31/2017 !                  0        Search    Search        Need Help? Call Us 828-313-0200|  Orders|  My Account
                   Search  Search          0 My Cart           Shopping Cart •••••  Your cart is currently empty.      
          
     Hanson Series AR15 (5.56 NATO 1-7/.223) 10.3 in. QPQ Finish Barrel Low Profile              Code: AR-BBL-103-BH-LP Review this product  $199.99 Regular Price: $209.99  Quantity in Basket:None                    Inventory: In Stock        Qty         Add to Cart                         General Info      This 5.56 NATO chambered 10.3 inch Performance Series Barrel is machined from 4150 Chrome Moly Vanadium steel with a QPQ Corrosion Resistant Finish. Performance series barrels feature a FailZero Nickel Boron Coated Extended M4 Feed Ramp Extension.
Hanson Series Barrels feature proprietary Hanson profile and include a pinned lo-pro gas block. Hanson barrels are not designed to work with aftermarket piston kits.
All NFA/ATF Rules Apply
You may use this barrel with a lower receiver that is a Registered SBR, Machine Gun, or Pistol. Possession of this barrel along with a Non-NFA lower receiver is Prohibited, except when installed on a Pistol configuration firearm.

Additional Info

Length:	10.3"
Chamber:	5.56 NATO/.223
Material:	4150 Chrome Moly Vanadium
Profile:	Hanson
Finish:	QPQ Corrosion Resistant
Gas System Length:	Carbine
Gas Block Journal:	1.03" Gas Block Seat for .750" Low Profile Gas Blocks Only
Twist Rate:	1:7 inches
Muzzle:	1/2x28 Threaded
Weight:	20oz
Other Info:	HP and MPI Tested

Hanson Series Barrels

" BA Hanson Series Barrels provide a lightweight feel without lightweight limitations. Every barrel in the BA Hanson Series was designed specifically to its length and caliber to yield the best results with every aspect taken into consideration. It is truly ideal for how the AR was meant to perform. With the BA Hanson Profile, we found a more efficient way to harness a bullets energy while limiting felt recoil considerably. The balanced feel and overall performance of a Hanson barrel will create a more organic relationship between you and your rifle. It will simply be an extension of you! "


 
- Clint Hanson      Product Reviews          Customer Reviews       Average Customer Review: Not yet rated Write an online review and share your thoughts with others.      There are no reviews          Shipping & Return Policy       Orders are generally shipped within 1 day after your order is processed. Orders are processed Mon-Fri during normal business hours. You may return damaged or defective merchandise within 10 days of the original purchase date for a full refund. We will also be glad to exchange the damaged merchandise for anything on our site of equal or lesser value. If item is defective or incorrect please notify us within 10 days of receipt of merchandise.We will NOT accept any returns or exchanges after 30 days from ship date of item.We have a 20% restocking fee for all items returned within 30 days (NOT DEFECTIVE due to customer error), ONLY if items are NEW UNUSED UNOPENED and NOT damaged. Shipping & handling charges will NOT be refunded!ALL SALES OF CLASS II DRILLING FIXTURES ARE FINAL NO RETURNS REFUNDS OR EXCHANGES ON THESE ITEMS Defective DVDs will be replaced. No refunds on DVDs.If for any reason you are not satisfied with your purchase, please contact us immediately at ftfindustries@msn.com ALL RETURNS MUST BE ACCOMPANIED BY AN RMA NUMBER. Please email us for that information. ftfindustries@msn.com       Customer Service       We're Here To HelpYour satisfaction is important to us! Use the form below to email us your questions about products, online orders, store experiences and more. Order Questions:If you need help or have any other questions concerning your orders, please fill out the form or call: 828-313-0200. Our Address:  FTF Industries Inc.PO BOX 68Hildebran, NC 28637 USPhone: 828-313-0200       FAQ's        Ask A QuestionBe the first to ask a question about this product.               
                           HOME   AR15 M16 Parts & Accessories   Barreled Upper Receiver Halves   AR15 M16 Custom Uppers  AR15 M16 Upper Receivers w/ 7.5" Barrels  AR15 M16 Upper Receivers w/ 10.25" Barrels  AR15 M16 Upper Receivers w/ 11.5" Barrels  AR15 M16 Upper Receivers w/ 14.5" Barrels  AR15 M16 Upper Receivers w/ 16" Barrels  AR15 M16 Upper Receivers w/ 20" Barrels  AR15 M16 300 AAC BLACKOUT Upper Receivers  KEY MOD Uppers  AR .308 Upper Receivers   Replacement Parts Sets   AR15 M16 Parts Sets 7.5" Barrel  AR15 M16 Parts Sets 10.25" Barrel  AR15 M16 Parts Sets 11.5" Barrel  AR15 M16 Parts Sets 16" Barrel  AR15 M16 Parts Sets 20" Barrel   Barrels  M16 Full Auto Replacement Parts  Muzzle Attachments  Handguards Rails & Tubes  Bolt Carriers & Assemblies  Magazines  Stock Assemblies  Sights (BUIS)  GRIPS  CASES & SLINGS  Gunsmith Tools  MISC ACCESSORIES  RAILS & MOUNTS  Gas Blocks & Tubes  Charging Handles  Upper Receiver Small Parts  Lower Receiver Parts (AR15 - M16)  BOOKS & DVDS   Cobray & MAC Parts & Accessories   Parts Sets & Kits  SMG Individual Parts   M-11 380 acp SMG Individual Parts  M-11 9mm SMG Individual Parts  M-10 45acp SMG Individual Parts  M-10 9mm SMG Individual Parts   Semi Auto Individual Parts   Cobray M-12 380 Semi-Auto Parts  Cobray M-11/9 VMAC9 9mm Semi Auto Parts   FAKE SUPPRESSORS  Barrel Extensions  Barrels Flash Hiders & Brakes  SMG Full Auto Replacement Parts  BOLTS  Magazines  ACCESSORIES  Popular Spare Parts  Frame Weld Parts  BOOKS & MANUALS  ASSAULT SLINGS   Magazines & Clips   AR15 M16 Magazines  Cobray & TEC-9 Magazines  Magazines for Glock  AK47 Magazines  AR10 Magazines  Beretta Magazines  FN Magazines  H&K Magazines  SIG Sauer Magazines  Drum Magazines & Belts  Ruger Magazines  M1 .30 Cal Carbine  1911 Magazines   Tactical Knives (Auto)   SOG Tactical Automatic Knives  ProTech Tactical Automatic Knives  Piranha Tactical Automatic Knives  Boker Tactical Automatic Knives  Kalishnikov Tactical Automatic Knives  Gerber Tactical Automatic Knives  Kershaw Tactical Automatic Knives  Smith & Wesson Tactical Automatic Knives  H&K Tactical Automatic Knives  Ontario Tactical Automatic Knives   Class II Gunsmith Fixtures  Gun Parts & Accessories   AK47 Parts & Accessories   AK47 Magazines  AK47 Muzzle Accessories  AK47 Full Auto Replacement Parts  AK47 Accessories  AK47 Gunsmith Supplies  AK47 Stocks & Grips  AK47 Spare Parts  AK47 Tactical Automatic Knives  AK47 Books Manuals & DVDs   TEC-9 & TEC-22 Parts  ATI - Shotgun & Rifle Stocks & Accessories   ATI Remington Shotgun Stocks & Accessories  ATI Mossberg Shotgun Stocks & Accessories  ATI Winchester Shotgun Stocks & Accessories  ATI AR-15 Stocks & Accessories  ATI AK47 Stocks & Accessories  ATI Enfield Stocks & Accessories  ATI H&R - NEF - Rossi Stocks & Accessories  ATI Ruger 10/22 & Mini 14 Stocks & Accessories  ATI Mosin Nagant Stocks & Accessories  ATI SKS Stocks & Accessories  ATI Marlin Stocks & Accessories  ATI Maverick Shotgun Stocks & Accessories   1911 Auto Pistol Parts  Beretta Parts  Parts & Accessories for Glock   Threaded Barrels for Glock  Ported Barrels for Glock  Barrel Combos for Glock  Magazines for Glock  Holsters for Glock  Accessories for Glock  Books & DVDs for Glock   H&K Parts  M-14 M1-A Parts  Ruger Parts   Ruger 10/22 Parts & Mags  Ruger Flash Hiders  Ruger Mini-14 & 30 Parts & Mags  Misc Ruger Items  Ruger Rifle Stocks   SIG Sauer Parts  SKS Parts  UZI Parts  Saiga Parts   37mm Launchers  26.5mm Sub-Caliber Inserts  Threaded Barrels   1911 Threaded Barrels  Walther P22 & SIG Mosquito 22  SIG 1911-22 & GSG 1911-22  Threaded Barrels for Glock  Cobray & MAC Threaded Barrels   Fake Suppressors (All)  Books, DVDs, & CDs   BOOKS   Class II Gunsmith Full Auto Manuals  SILENCER & SUPPRESSOR MANUALS  Gun Books Tech Manuals  RADICAL OUTRAGEOUS BOOKS  MILITARY BOOKS  SURVIVAL BOOKS  ADVENTURE BOOKS  KNIVES EDGED WEAPONS BOOKS  MARTIAL ARTS BOOKS   DVD's & VIDEOS   GUNSMITH ARMORER DVDS  HUNTING DVDS  SELF DEFENSE DVDS  KNIVES EDGED WEAPONS DVDS  MARTIAL ARTS DVDS  MILITARY DVDS  LAW ENFORCEMENT TRAINING DVDS  SURVIVAL DVDS  SHOOTING INSTRUCTIONAL DVDS  SPORTING CLAYS INSTRUCTIONAL DVDS  1911 Pistol DVDs   CD-ROM Instructional Manuals  MILITARY CADENCE Workout CD's   SUPER SPECIALS !!  Gunsmith Tools  EOTech Holo Sights  Cases, Holsters & Slings   WEAPONS CASES & CARRIERS  NYLON HOLSTERS & SLINGS  CLIP DRAW BELT CLIP "Holster"   Police Supplies   HANDCUFFS & RESTRAINTS ONLY  HOLSTERS  Tactical Lights     
   











Contact FTF Industries


Service








Gunbroker Auction


Checkout












               Copyright © 2017 FTF Industries Inc..      


         


 