



BB&T Securities




























BB&T Securities

BB&T Securities is a wholly owned nonbank subsidiary of BB&T Corporation. Through our BB&T Capital Markets and BB&T Scott & Stringfellow divisions, we provide financial solutions and advice to a broad range of clients.






BB&T Scott & Stringfellow

Markets rise and fall. Portfolios fluctuate. Tax and estate laws continuously change. The management of your wealth is a dynamic process. Across this ever-changing landscape, your BB&T Scott & Stringfellow Financial Advisor can guide you with sound financial principals and an eye for opportunity and financial gain. Understanding that the path facing you and your family will change and change again, we provide you with steadfast strength and peace of mind in financial matters.



BB&T Capital Markets

BB&T Capital Markets delivers sophisticated financial solutions to corporations, governments and nonprofit organizations. Our approach to every client is based on a continuum of success – looking beyond individual transactions and envisioning the road that leads to sustained growth and stability. From raising capital to strategic alternatives – and everything in between – we are your integrated source for corporate services.



Sterling Advisors

We’re dedicated to helping high net-worth families and institutional investors achieve their investment and financial goals with objectivity, flexibility and discretion.Our clients know us as an experienced asset manager that succeeds by combining our deep financial expertise with a singular focus on growing and managing wealth. They rely on our commitment and ability to understand their unique goals and to develop customized, long-term strategies for bringing those goals to fruition.

 






Tax Center







BB&T Securities is the entity through which your firm clears transactions, and is the Payer responsible to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for reporting your federal income and any tax withholding that appears on your Form(s) 1099. When reporting information on your tax return (such as on Schedule B of Form 1040), be sure to use the BB&T Securities name and Employer Identification Number instead of the name of your brokerage firm.

Important Tax Information
Turbo Tax Facts

Tax information provided for informational purposes. BB&T Securities and its representatives do not provide tax advice. Please consult your tax professional prior to making any decisions that may have tax consequences. The information contained herein is provided from sources we believe to be accurate and reliable but BB&T Securities does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness.

BrokerCheck
To learn more about the regulatory and financial services background of the firm and its current associates, please visit FINRA BrokerCheck.









Disclosures







SIPC Disclosure

IRS Non-Bank Trustee Approved Letter

Statement of Financial Condition

Order Routing & Execution Disclosure

Business Continuity Disclosure

Privacy Policy Disclosure

Options Disclosure

GSE Offering Disclosure

Electronic Municipal Market Access ("EMMA")

Mutual Fund Omnibus and Networking Fees

Annual Notice to Clients

IDP Terms & Conditions

Accounts & Services

Relationship Disclosure

Form ADV Disclosure Documents










BB&T Securities, LLC is a wholly owned nonbank subsidiary of BB&T Corporation, member FINRA/SIPC and a Registered Investment Advisor.  Securities and Insurance products and Annuities offered, sold or recommended are not a deposit, not FDIC insured, not guaranteed by a bank, not insured by any federal government agency and may lose value. To learn more about the regulatory and financial services background of the firm and its current associates, please visit FINRA BrokerCheck.
2017 © BB&T Securities, LLC












BB&T Securities - Important Tax Information



















Important Tax Information

2016 Year-End Tax Information 
BB&T Securities is the entity through which your firm clears transactions, and is the Payer responsible to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for reporting your federal income and any tax withholding that appears on your Form(s) 1099. When reporting information on your tax return (such as on Schedule B of Form 1040), be sure to use the BB&T Securities name and Employer Identification Number instead of the name of your brokerage firm.
Due to the Presidents’ Day Federal holiday, The IRS deadline for mailing 2016 Consolidated Form 1099s is February 16th rather than the normal February 15th. Due to the increased volume of information for some complex investments, the IRS allows financial institutions a 30-day extension, until March 19th, to gather information and mail tax statements to clients. This may include investments in companies that have dividend reclassification such as RICS (Regulated Investment Companies), mutual funds, and REITS (Real Estate Investment Trusts). 
In order to capture late information from these companies, and lessen the need for corrected tax statements, BB&T Securities will mail Tax Statements in early February through the middle of March. We are projecting that the majority of our 1099s will be mailed by February 15th but depending on the type of investments held in the client account, some Consolidated Tax Statements may not be issued until early March. All 2016 Consolidated Form 1099s will be mailed prior to March 16, 2017.


Understanding your 2016 Tax Statement
BB&T Securities is committed to providing concise, detailed information to help you complete your income tax returns. The following links explain the 2016 1099-Consoldiated Tax Statement in greater detail. The sample statements are for illustrative purposes only.
Please keep in mind that BB&T Securities does not provide tax advice. Consult your professional tax advisor for questions concerning your personal tax or financial situation, or visit www.irs.gov. The material provided is for informational purposes only and BB&T Securities is not responsible for any errors or omissions.
• Illustrated explanation of a tax statement 
• 2016 Tax Statement Information 
• General Tax Information 

Important Dates and Deadlines
Please click here to view. 

I think my 1099 is incorrect, what should I do?
Please review your Form 1099 and contact your Financial Advisor or Investment Counselor as soon as possible. Generally, the amended tax forms are processed weekly beginning in late February through mid-April.

Cost Basis Reporting
The Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 included new tax-reporting requirements that dramatically changed how financial institutions and their clients think about cost basis. For the first time, financial institutions will report the adjusted cost basis of sold securities to the IRS. These new requirements are designed to help capture accurate reporting of investors’ gains and losses at tax time.
For additional information about Cost Basis, please click here for a copy of our “What Investors Should Know about the New Cost Basis Reporting Requirements”. If you have any questions on how these regulations affect your portfolio, please contact your Financial Advisor or Investment Counselor for assistance.

Master Limited Partnerships (and K-1 Information)
Information reporting for Limited Partnerships is distributed directly from the partnership on Schedule K-1 (Form 1065). General partners have until March 15th to issue K-1s. Please contact the partnership directly if you do not receive this form or have further questions about the form. For additional information please refer to IRS Publication 541, www.k1support.com and www.partnerdatalink.com.

Royalty Trust Tax Information
If you are a unit holder of a royalty trust, the trust provides a tax information booklet that is typically available at a website for the trust. The web addresses for these booklets are provided at the end of your 1099-Consoldiated Tax Statement. 














BB&T Securities, LLC is a wholly owned nonbank subsidiary of BB&T Corporation, member FINRA/SIPC and a Registered Investment Advisor.  Securities and Insurance products and Annuities offered, sold or recommended are not a deposit, not FDIC insured, not guaranteed by a bank, not insured by any federal government agency and may lose value. To learn more about the regulatory and financial services background of the firm and its current associates, please visit FINRA BrokerCheck.
2017 © BB&T Securities, LLC












BB&T Securities - Disclosures





















Back to BB&T Securities









Disclosures




SIPC Disclosure

IRS Non-Bank Trustee Approved Letter

Statement of Financial Condition

Order Routing & Execution Disclosure

Business Continuity Disclosure

Privacy Policy Disclosure

Options Disclosure

GSE Offering Disclosure

Electronic Municipal Market Access ("EMMA")

Mutual Fund Omnibus and Networking Fees

Annual Notice to Clients

IDP Terms & Conditions

Accounts & Services

Relationship Disclosure

Form ADV Disclosure Documents





SIPC Disclosure
SIPC provides protection to each BB&T Securities, LLC client account and correspondent client accounts through the Securities Investor Protection Corporation amounting to a total of $500,000 inclusive of up to $250,000 in cash.
BB&T Securities, LLC carries insurance coverage issued by Lloyd's of London in excess of the standard SIPC coverage with a maximum limit per customer of $50,000,000 and a $200,000,000 total aggregate over all customers and every situation during the policy period.
Back to List

IRS Non-Bank Trustee Approval Letter
On September 10, 2007, Clearview Correspondent Services, LLC (“Clearview”) received approval from the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") to serve as a nonbank trustee or custodian for individual retirement accounts ("IRAs") established under sections 408 and 408A of the Internal Revenue Code. Effective January 1, 2013, Clearview underwent a name change to BB&T Securities, LLC, resulting in the name of the nonbank trustee or custodian for IRA accounts to be BB&T Securities, LLC. A copy of the IRS approval letter and the letter informing the IRS of the name change is available by clicking here.
Back to List

BB&T Securities, LLC (a wholly owned nonbank subsidiary of BB&T Corporation) Statement of Financial Condition
We are pleased to provide you with the interim and annual audited Statements of Financial Condition. You may also obtain a copy by calling the company toll free at 1-800-552-7757.BB&T Securities, LLC 

Click here for the June 30, 2016 Unaudited Statement of Financial Condition.
Click here for the December 31, 2016 Audited Statement of Financial Condition.

Back to List

Disclosure of Order Routing Information
Our Clearing Capabilities Execution and follow-up procedures for your financial transactions are of utmost importance. BB&T Securities emphasizes the need to communicate investment ideas effectively to our clients and to execute your instructions quickly and efficiently. With one of the most comprehensive data processing software packages available in the securities industry, we are able to interface with all quotation and communication systems so client information is readily available to our Financial Advisors, allowing us to better serve our clients.
Execution and Route Reporting BB&T Securities provides its clients with information regarding trade execution and order routing according to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. This information generally involves equity securities which are referred to as “National Market System” Securities. This trade information provides the opportunity for public investors to evaluate the execution quality of their orders and to view the venue where the order was executed. The execution information is compiled into electronic data files and sorted by security. This data can be viewed by clicking on the hyperlink to Rule 605. The Rule 605 report is published monthly for all the stocks in which the firm makes a market and for any given trading date, an investor can view order statistics to help evaluate the quality of his execution. By clicking on the Rule 606 hyperlink, investors can see to which market center his National Market System equity orders as well as his listed option orders were routed for execution and is published on a quarterly basis.
If you have questions regarding the information displayed regarding orders we have handled please contact us at webmaster@bbtsecurities.com.
Back to List

Business Continuity Statement
In today's environment, a disaster can occur anytime and significantly affect our Firm's ability to conduct business. As such, BB&T Securities, LLC maintains a Business Continuity Plan that documents the procedures the firm and its employees will follow when responding to any type of business disruption. Disruptions may occur via a wide variety of events or circumstances; as such, BB&T Securities has instituted recovery planning that is both flexible and agile enough to respond to even the worst-case scenarios.
BB&T Securities has executive representation on a Business Recovery Management Team (BRMT) that manages the recovery of critical business functions in a timely manner following any significant business disruption. If BB&T Securities, a self-regulatory organization, or an agency of the federal government declares a Disaster Event, the BRMT will assemble and operate from a Crisis Command Center. BB&T Securities has the ability to relocate essential personnel to back-up facilities from which employees can conduct business.
We recognize that technology and communications are vital to client service. As such, BB&T Securities' supporting infrastructure is maintained in two separate, geographically dispersed data centers. Both facilities contain redundant systems and communication links to ensure prompt access to client data. Additionally, BB&T Securities has an effective cybersecurity program to detect and respond to cybersecurity threats. BB&T Securities also ensures that critical service providers have appropriate data and network security controls in place to defend against cybersecurity threats and protect client data. Our goal is to help ensure clients' access to their accounts despite any disruptions, realizing that there may be circumstances beyond our control. We are committed to consistently improving our resiliency capabilities. BB&T Securities has developed a Business Continuity Plan and the supporting procedures to ensure customers will have prompt access to their securities and funds following most types of business disruptions. With regard to client assets, nearly all physical securities are held in central depositories or custodian banks. This allows BB&T Securities and its clients a higher level of liquidity and security of their assets in any type of business disruption.
The following are some very important guidelines that you may use in the event our Firm is operating under emergency conditions:

Primary contact: Your Customer Relationship Manager
Secondary Contact: Information regarding the status of BB&T Securities can be found on our website, www.bbtsecurities.com
Tertiary Contact: The Firm has the ability to establish a Client Crisis Hotline to be utilized during emergency situations

BB&T Securities values its clients and is committed to servicing their financial needs throughout a disruption. BB&T Securities is equally committed to remaining compliant with all federal and self-regulatory organization rules and regulations.
BB&T Securities has taken significant steps to strengthen its Business Continuity Plans; however it cannot guarantee that all systems will be immediately available following a significant business disruption. Nonetheless, our clients can be assured the employees of BB&T Securities are committed to resuming all business operations as quickly as possible and continuing our service in a professional and courteous manner.
BB&T Securities will update its Business Continuity Plan and this Statement as circumstances dictate.
Back to List

BB&T Securities, LLC Consumer Privacy Notice
To view the Privacy Notice, click here.
To view the Privacy Notice for BB&T (which includes introducing broker dealers affiliated with BB&T), click here.
BB&T Scott & Stringfellow does not knowingly collect or retain personally identifiable information from consumers under the age of thirteen on its website(s). Your child's online privacy is protected by the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). Learn more about COPPA by visiting the Federal Trade Commission's website.
Back to List

Options Disclosure
Pursuant to FINRA Rule 2860(b)(11), the firm wants to ensure that all customers engaged in option trading are made aware of recent updates to the Characteristics and Risks of the Standardized Options Disclosure Document (the "ODD"). All supplemental information should be read in conjunction with the current ODD. Please visit the following website to obtain and read the ODD and most recent supplemental updates: http://www.optionsclearing.com/about/publications/character-risks.jsp
Back to List

GSE Offering Disclosure
Offering materials on Government Sponsored Enterprise securities may be obtained at the following websites:

Farm Credit Banks Funding Corp
Freddie Mac
Fannie Mae
Federal Home Loan Bank

If you wish to opt out of Electronic Delivery, please contact your financial representative.
Back to List

Electronic Municipal Market Access ("EMMA")
The Electronic Municipal Market Access system, or EMMA, is a comprehensive, centralized online source for free access to municipal disclosures, market transparency data and educational materials about the municipal securities market. EMMA is specifically designed for retail, non-professional investors who may not be experts in financial or investing matters.
Please click on the following link to access the EMMA system: http://emma.msrb.org/Default.aspx
Back to List

Mutual Fund Omnibus and Networking Fees
BB&T Securities receives payments from mutual funds or their affiliated service providers for providing certain recordkeeping and related services to the funds. BB&T Securities processes some mutual fund business with fund families on an omnibus basis, which means clients' trades are consolidated into one daily trade with the fund. We receive omnibus fee payments as compensation for the services we provide when trading mutual funds on an omnibus basis. We trade other fund families on a networked basis, which means we submit a separate trade for each individual client and may receive networking fee payments for each client mutual fund position we hold with the fund.
Back to List

Annual Notice to Clients
Click here to view the 2017 Annual Notice to Clients.
Allocation Procedures for Securities subject to Call or RedemptionThe lottery process for a partial call, pre-refund or defeasement is a random process designed to allocate called securities on a fair and impartial basis. The lottery process is based on a mathematical formula to randomly select accounts for allocation. For calls that are deemed favorable to the security-holder, firm accounts, as well as accounts of associated persons of broker-dealers are excluded until all client positions have been allocated. A favorable call occurs when the call price exceeds the current market price reflected in the back office application. If no price is available in the back office system, the call is presumed favorable. If a call is not deemed favorable to the security-holder, firm and associated persons' accounts are included in the lottery. Additional details concerning the lottery process will be provided upon request.
Back to List

IDP Terms & Conditions
Click here to view the Insured Deposit Program Terms & Conditions.
Back to List

Accounts & Services
Standard Firm DisclosureBB&T Securities, LLC, member FINRA/SIPC, is a wholly-owned nonbank subsidiary of BB&T Corporation. Securities and insurance products or annuities sold, offered or recommended by BB&T Securities, LLC are not a deposit, not FDIC insured, not guaranteed by a bank, not insured by any federal government agency and may lose value. Investment Advisory Services are offered through BB&T Securities, A Registered Investment Advisor.
Branch Banking & Trust Company (BB&T)Only deposit products are FDIC insured. Deposit products are offered through Branch Banking & Trust Company, member FDIC. Loans are subject to credit approval. Loan (or credit) products are offered through Branch Banking and Trust Company, an Equal Housing Lender.
Information from Other SourcesThe information contained herein has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable and accurate, but we do not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. This material is not to be considered an offer or solicitation regarding the sale of any security.
Dollar Cost Averaging Regular and periodic investment plans do not assure a profit and do not protect against loss in declining markets. For the strategy to be effective, you must continue to purchase shares in both up and down markets. Since dollar cost averaging involves a continuous investment, investors should consider their financial ability to continue purchasing through periods of low price levels.
RebalancingRebalancing does not guarantee a profit or prevent a loss. There may be tax and transaction costs associated with rebalancing.
Asset AllocationAsset allocation cannot eliminate the risk of fluctuating prices and uncertain returns.
DiversificationDiversifying investments does not ensure against market loss.
Past PerformancePast performance is no guarantee of future results.
Tax and Legal AdviceBB&T Securities, LLC and its representatives do not provide tax or legal advice. You should consult your individual tax or legal professional before taking any action that may have tax or legal consequences.
Insured Deposit Program (IDP)BB&T Securities, LLC, member FINRA/SIPC, is a wholly-owned nonbank subsidiary of BB&T Corporation. Insured Deposit Program (IDP) provides FDIC (Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation) insurance for cash balances up to $2,500,000 in addition to paying interest. Investment advisory services are offered through BB&T Securities, LLC, a Registered Investment Advisor.
Margin Trading on margin can be speculative. You should carefully consider your financial position, investment objectives and risk tolerance before trading on margin or accessing credit through the margin facility.
Margin trading entails greater risks and is not suitable for all investors. If the market value of the eligible securities in your margin account declines, you may be required to deposit more money or eligible securities. For more information on margin accounts and to obtain a Margin Disclosure Statement, contact your Financial Advisor and review it before trading on margin.
Hypothetical Illustrations and Examples These materials have been prepared for illustrative purposes only. Illustrations and examples are hypothetical and are not representative of any specific security. Actual results will vary and your experience may be different.
Interactive CalculatorsInteractive calculators are made available to you as self-help tools for your independent use and are not intended to provide investment advice. BB&T Securities, LLC does not guarantee their applicability or accuracy in regard to your individual circumstances. All examples are hypothetical and are for illustrative purposes.
Extended Trading Hours The following risks are assumed when trading during extended trading hours:

Risk of Lower Liquidity: Liquidity refers to the ability of market participants to buy and sell securities. Generally, the more orders that are available in a market, the greater liquidity. Liquidity is important because with greater liquidity it is easier for investors to buy or sell securities, and as a result, investors are more likely to pay or receive a competitive price for securities purchased or sold. There may be lower liquidity in extended hours trading as compared to regular market hours. As a result, your order may be only partially executed, or not at all.
Risk of Higher Volatility: Volatility refers to the changes in price that securities undergo when trading. Generally, the higher the volatility of a security, the greater its price swings. There may be greater volatility in extended hours trading than in regular market hours. As a result, your order may only be partially executed, or not at all, or you may receive an inferior price in extended hours trading than you would during regular market hours.
Risk of Changing Prices: The prices of securities traded in extended hours trading may not reflect the prices either at the end of regular market hours, or upon the opening the next morning. As a result, you may receive an inferior price in extended hours trading than you would during regular market hours.
Risk of Unlinked Markets: Depending on the extended hours trading system or the time of day, the prices displayed on a particular extended hours trading system may not reflect the prices in other concurrently operating extended hours trading systems dealing with the same securities. Accordingly, you may receive an inferior price in an extended hours trading system than you would in another extended hours trading system.
Risk of New Announcements: Normally, issuers make news announcements that may affect the price of their securities after regular market hours. Similarly, important financial information is frequently announced outside of regular market hours. In extended hours trading, these announcements may occur during trading, and if combined with lower liquidity and higher volatility, may cause an exaggerated and unsustainable effect on the price of the security.
Risk of Wider Spreads: The spread refers to the difference in price between what you can buy a security for and what you can sell it for. Lower liquidity and higher volatility in extended hours trading may result in wider than normal spreads for a particular security.

USA Patriot Act Know Your Customer
Important Information You Need to Know About Opening an AccountIn accordance with USA Patriot Act, federal law requires BB&T Securities, LLC to obtain, verify and record specific information on customers when opening a new account.
Types of Information You Will Need to Provide When you open an account, BB&T Securities, LLC is required to collect information such as the following:
Individual Account(s)A form of government issued identification:
(a) Valid state photo driver’s license(b) Valid military photo ID(c) Valid military dependents photo ID(d) US photo passport ID· Date of birth· Address which shall be:(a) A residential or business street address(b) For an individual who does not have a residential or business street address, an Army Post Office (“APO”) or Fleet Post Office box number, if applicable, or the residential or business street address of next of kin or of another contact individual, and
· Identification number:(a) For a U.S. person, a taxpayer identification number (customer must currently have this number assigned; proof of taxpayer application is not sufficient)(b) For a non-U.S. person, one or more of the following: a taxpayer identification number; passport number and country of issuance; alien identification card number, or number and country of issuance of any other government-issued document evidencing nationality or residence and bearing a photograph or similar safeguard. NOTE: Foreign Driver Licenses are not permitted as ID, and the firm prohibits the opening off accounts for Non-Resident Aliens
Non-Natural Entity Account(s)· Name· Principal place of business (local office or other physical location)· Employer tax identification number (customer must currently have this number assigned; proof of taxpayer application is not sufficient).· Entity Formation documents (i.e., certified Articles of Incorporation, a government-issued business license, a partnership agreement, a trust document, estate paperwork, etc.)
U.S. Department of the Treasury, Securities and Exchange Commission and Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) rules already require you to provide most of this information. These rules also require you to provide additional information, such as your marital status, number of dependents, tax bracket, time horizon, investment experience and objectives, and risk tolerance.
If Your Identity Cannot Be VerifiedWe may not be able to open an account or carry out transactions for you. If an account has already been opened for you, it may have to be closed.We thank you for your patience and hope that you will support the financial industry's efforts to deny terrorists and money launderers access to America's financial system.
Email DisclosuresEmail to BB&T Securities, LLC Financial Advisors· Be aware that since the confidentiality of Internet email cannot be guaranteed, do not include private or confidential information such as passwords, account numbers, social security numbers, etc., in emails to BB&T Securities, LLC Financial Advisors.
· Trade orders should not be included in your email communications to BB&T Securities, LLC advisors as we cannot act on such instructions received by email.
· We maintain emails for set period of time in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements.
Email from BB&T Securities, LLC Financial Advisors· Email messages are intended for the addressee only. If you are not the intended recipient, you are notified that any copying, distribution, or the taking of any action in the reliance on the contents of this information is strictly prohibited. If you have received this email in error, please notify the sender.
· Do not forward the contents of this email without written consent of the author. If this email did contain confidential information it was provided at your request with the understanding that the confidentiality of Internet emails cannot be guaranteed.
· Any opinions expressed are solely those of the author and do not represent the opinion of BB&T Securities, LLC . This material is presented for general information only and is not intended to provide specific advice or recommendations for any individual. It is not an offer to sell, nor is it a solicitation of an offer to buy any security.
Suspicious Email· As we are committed to securing information about you, we do not send emails asking for personal, account or other confidential information.
· If you have received a fraudulent email please forward to EmailFraud@BBTSecurities.com. Please do not change the subject line or revise the content of the email in any way when you forward it to us.
Third Party Disclosures
Third Party Research Attached is a copy of a research report prepared by a third party research provider. The firm has not reviewed the accuracy of this report. Any opinions expressed herein are statements of judgment on the date of the report and are subject to future change without notice. Neither this information nor any opinions expressed herein are a solicitation to purchase or sell any securities. This information contains forward looking predictions that are subject to certain risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from those currently anticipated or projected. Prices are subject to change at any time. The firm and its officers, associated persons, or members of their families, may at any time be long or short, purchase or sell, or own options rights or warrants in any of the securities referred to herein, and may make purchases or sales in these securities while this report is in circulation. The firm provides this information to its clients in an effort to provide comprehensive information of a broad range of possible investment opportunities. Securities discussed are not suitable for all investors due to different needs, objectives, and financial resources, nor may the securities mentioned be registered in every state. As such, investors should consider these factors when making an investment decision. Any questions regarding this report or its contents must be addressed by your Financial Advisor.
Information Obtained From Independent Sources (Newspapers, Magazines)The firm is furnishing these materials for informational purposes only; the firm has not prepared this material or approved its contents. The information contained herein was obtained from sources believed to be reliable; however, the firm does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Nothing contained herein should be considered a solicitation to purchase or sell any specific security or investment related services. The firm does not render tax or legal advice. As such, no one should act upon any tax or legal information contained herein without consulting a tax professional or attorney.
Business ContinuityIn today's environment, a disaster can occur anytime and significantly affect our Firm's ability to conduct business. As such, BB&T Securities, LLC ("the firm") maintains a Business Continuity Plan that documents the procedures the firm and its employees will follow when responding to a wide variety of events. To best respond to any situation, the firm has instituted recovery planning that is both flexible and agile enough to respond to even the worst-case scenarios.
BB&T Securities, LLC has organized a Business Recovery Management Team (BRMT) that manages the recovery of critical business functions in a timely manner following any significant business disruption. If the firm, a self-regulatory organization, or an agency of the federal government declares a Disaster Event, the BRMT will assemble and operate from a Crisis Command Center. The firm has the ability to relocate essential personnel to back-up facilities or to a secondary branch office from which Financial Advisors or other employees can conduct business.
We recognize that technology and communications are vital to client service. As such, BB&T Securities has built and maintains a back-up data and communications center that is more than 300 miles from the primary data center. This back-up facility contains redundant systems and communication links to ensure prompt access to client data. Our goal is to help ensure clients’ access to their accounts despite any disruptions, realizing that there may be circumstances beyond our control. We are committed to constantly improving our resiliency and will continue to strive toward achieving our goal.
The firm has developed this Business Continuity Plan and the procedures within to help customers achieve prompt access to their securities and funds following most business disruptions. With regard to client assets, nearly all physical securities are held in central depositories or custodian banks. This allows the firm and its clients a higher level of liquidity and security of their assets in any type of business disruption.
The following are some very important communication guidelines that you can use in the event our firm is operating under emergency conditions: 
• Primary contact: Your Financial Advisor
• Secondary Contact: Information regarding the status of BB&T Securities, LLC can be found on the firm’s website, www.bbtsecurities.com  
• Tertiary Contact: The Firm has the ability to establish a Client Crisis Hotline to be utilized during emergency situations. This number may be posted here during an actual emergency
An emergency or disaster may be confined to a specific geographic area. We have coordinated amongst our branch offices to prepare for the emergency need, should one branch become unavailable, that another branch and their respective Financial Advisors can assume their responsibilities until the affected branch is able to resume normal operations. Contact information for each branch is available on our website.
The firm values its clients and is committed to servicing their financial needs throughout a disruption. The firm is equally committed to remaining in compliance with all federal and self-regulatory organization rules and regulations.
BB&T Securities has taken significant steps to strengthen its Business Continuity Plans; however it cannot guarantee that all systems will be immediately available following a significant business disruption. Nonetheless, our clients can be assured employees of the firm are committed to resuming all business operations as quickly as possible and continuing our service in a professional and courteous manner. The firm will update the Business Continuity Plan as circumstances dictate.
Investment AdvisoryInvestment Advisory Services are offered through BB&T Securities, a Registered Investment Advisor. For fees charged in connection with BB&T Securities, LLC fee-based accounts, please refer to the Client Agreement or Form ADV, Part 2A ("Brochure"), which is available from your Investment Advisor.
Products Auction Rate Securities
Overview of Auction Rate SecuritiesFor a detailed discussion of the features and risks over auction rate securities, please review the BB&T Securities, LLC “ARS Policies and Procedures”
Auction rate securities (also called on occasion: “Auction Market Preferred Stock”, “Variable Rate Preferred Securities”, or “Periodic Auction Rate Securities”) are municipal bonds, corporate bonds, and preferred stocks with interest rates or dividend yields that are periodically re-set through auctions, typically every seven, fourteen, twenty-eight, or thirty-five days. Typical minimum investment in such investment vehicles is $25,000. Issuers of these securities can include, but are not limited to: closed-end funds, corporations, and municipal authorities.
Auction rate securities have generally been issued as either debt or preferred stock, designed to serve as money market-like instruments. They are usually issued with stated intermediate to long-term maturities or in perpetuity; however they are priced and traded as short-term instruments given their interest or dividend re-set feature. Generally, these instruments are callable at par on the auction date and/or any interest payment date at the option of the issuer. Interest is paid in the current period based on the interest rate determined in the prior auction period.
Auction rate securities are auctioned at par and the return on the investment to the investor and the cost of financing to the issuer between auction dates is determined by the interest rate or dividend yield set through the auction. The interest rate or dividend yield is set through what is commonly referred to as a “Dutch” auction in which bids with successively higher rates are accepted until all of the securities in the auction are sold. The final rate that sells all of the securities is called the “clearing rate” (lowest rate bid sufficient to sell all securities within the auction), which applies to all of the securities in the auction until the next auction.
BB&T Securities, LLC Practices and ProceduresPlease review the BB&T Securities, LLC “ARS Policies and Procedures” It is also important for current or potential customers of BB&T Securities, LLC to comprehend the various risk factors involved if currently participating or decide in the future to participate in the auction rate securities market. It is important for the reader to fully understand the relevant facts regarding the nuances of the auction rate market before participating. Current or potential customers should read these policies and procedures in its entirety. Any questions about the content of this document should be directed to your BB&T Securities Financial Advisor for more information. If you have invested in auction rate securities through BB&T Securities, LLC you may request a copy of these policies and procedures by contacting your representative or local office.
Money MarketsMoney market funds are not insured or guaranteed by the FDIC or any other government agency. Although money market funds seek to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it is possible to lose money by investing. There can be no assurance that the funds will be able to maintain a stable net asset value of $1.00 per share. Money market funds are sold by prospectus only. The prospectus contains complete details about each fund, including risks, charges and expenses and should be read carefully before you invest or send money.
Fixed IncomeProducts are subject to availability, prior sale and/or change in price. The information contained herein has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable but does not purport to be a complete statement of the available data. Any listing is published for informational purposes only and is not to be construed as a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any security in any state where such a sale would be illegal. Investing in bonds involves a significant amount of risk. Bonds are subject to market and interest risk; values will decline as interest rates rise. Bonds may not be suitable for all investors and you should consider specific risks such as credit risk, default risk and volatility prior to investing. Yields could be higher or lower depending on par amount, are inclusive of commission and represent yield-to-worst, which may reflect yield-to-maturity, yield-to-worst-call, or yield-to-a-mandatory-put as indicated. Municipal bonds may be subject to optional redemption, sinking fund redemption and mandatory redemption prior to maturity. Municipal securities may also be subject to federal alternative minimum tax (AMT). Where applicable, the purchase or sale of a fixed income security below the minimum denomination, as noted in the official statement, may adversely affect the liquidity of the position. Please contact your Financial Advisor with any questions. BB&T Securities, LLC and its representatives do not provide tax or legal advice. You should consult your individual tax or legal professional before taking any action that may have tax or legal consequences. Refer to a bond’s Official Statement for more specific information.
Certificates of Deposit (CDs)Brokered CDs are FDIC insured up to applicable limits. Redeeming CDs prior to maturity may result in loss of principal due to fluctuations in the interest rate, lack of liquidity, or transaction costs. CDs sold prior to maturity may be worth less or more than the original purchase. Other securities sold, offered or recommended by BB&T Securities, LLC, are not a deposit, not FDIC insured, not bank guaranteed, not insured by any federal government agency and may go down in value.
Market Linked CDs (MLCDs)Investment in MLCDs may underperform a direct investment in the underlying security, meaning that the CD may not reflect the actual performance of the underlying asset or security. Investors should consider these specific risks prior to investing. · Performance Risk MLCDs provide for a return of the deposit amount at maturity, but there is no assurance of any return above the deposit amount. · Liquidity Risk There is no guarantee that a secondary market for market-linked CDs will be available. Investors may not be able to withdraw the deposit amount of the CD prior to maturity. · Market Risk MLCDs may be redeemed at less than the original deposit amount prior to maturity due to fluctuations in the underlying assets, even if the underlying indexes are higher. Investors are subject to the supply and demand of the market. · Credit Risk Investments in MLCDs over the FDIC insurance limits are subject to the credit risk of the issuing bank. FDIC insurance does not cover any decline in market value realized if the market-linked CD is sold before maturity. Additionally investors may be subject to US taxes on interest income (OID taxes) that have not been paid during the tax year.
Mutual FundsFor a prospectus which includes information on charges and expenses contact your Financial Advisor. Read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money. Closed-End funds do not continuously offer shares for sale and are not required to buy shares back from investors upon request. Shares of closed-end funds trade on national stock exchanges and the market price may trade above (premium) or below (discount) the Net Asset value (NAV).
529 Plans By investing in a 529 Plan outside your state of residence you may lose any state tax benefits. 529 Plans are subject to enrollment, maintenance, administration management fees and expenses. Consider a Plan’s investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. This and other important information about 529 Plans are contained in the Plan’s disclosure document and prospectuses. Please read them and the Participant Agreement carefully before you invest. Contact your Financial Advisor for a prospectus. 529 Plans are subject to market risk and may be worth more or less than the original investment.
Exchange Traded Products (ETPs)Carefully consider a fund’s investment objectives, risk factors, charges and expenses before investing. This and other information can be found in the fund’s prospectus, which may be obtained by calling your Financial Advisor. Read the prospectus carefully before investing. Investing involves risk, including possible loss of principal.
Leveraged ETPsLeverage or inverse ETPs are designed to meet daily objectives; results over longer periods may differ. Most leverage or inverse ETPs reset each day and are designed to perform on a daily basis and are not designed for a long term strategy. Should you hold these products for periods longer than a day you would be expecting the product to perform in another way than what is stated in the prospectus. There is no guarantee that any leverage ETP will achieve its investment objective. Leverage ETPs entail certain risks, including leverage and market price variance risks. Short ETPs should lose money when their benchmarks or indexes rise--a result that is opposite from traditional ETPs. Short ETPs entail certain risks, including inverse correlation, leverage, market price variance and short sales risks. These risks can increate volatility and decrease performance. Leveraged or inverse ETPs are not diversified investments. These products should only be traded by sophisticated investors who are able to withstand the potential of loss of all invested principal and who also understand the product characteristics as described in the prospectus. Carefully consider an ETP's investment objectives, risk factors, charges and expenses before investing. This and other information can be found in their prospectus, which may be obtained by calling the telephone number of sponsoring company or registered representative. Read the prospectus carefully before investing. Investing involves risk, including possible loss of principal.
Structured ProductsPrior to purchasing structured products, you should consult with your Financial Advisor about all of the potential risks and benefits associated with the product. This literature does not purport to be a complex description of the securities markets or any risks associated with purchasing structured products and any other derivative related investment. The returns on structured products are linked to the performance of the relevant underlying asset or index. Investing in a structured investment is not equivalent to investing directly in the underlying asset or index. Clients should carefully read the detailed explanation of risks, together with other information in the relevant offering materials, including but not limited to information concerning the tax treatment of the investment before investing in any structured product. Structured products involve unique risk considerations and tax consequences and are not suitable for all investors. Prior to purchasing structured products, an investor must be approved for option trading. Prior to receiving approval, an investor must receive a copy of the Characteristics & Risks of Standardized Options, which can be provided to you by your Financial Advisor. Finally, you should consult a tax expert regarding any potential tax implications involved with purchasing or selling a structured product, prior to placing a trade.
Alternative InvestmentsAlthough these and other similar alternative investments can provide benefits to many portfolios, they are not without their risks and challenges and are definitely not appropriate for all investors. Alternative investments are sold to qualified investors only by a Confidential Offering Memorandum or Prospectus. Alternative investments provide limited liquidity and include, among other things, the risks inherent in investing in securities and derivatives, using leverage and engaging in short sales. An investment in an alternative investment fund is speculative, involves substantial risk, and should not constitute a complete investment program. An alternative investment fund may be highly leveraged. The volatility of the price of its interests may 8 involve complex tax structures and there may be delays in distributing important tax information. These funds may not be subject to the same regulatory requirements as mutual funds, and their fees and expenses may be high. This summary is for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy interests in any fund.
Private and Non-Traded Real Estate Investment Trust (REITs)Investors are required to meet certain income and/or net worth requirements set by the trust before purchasing. Purchase shares is not a direct investment in real estate or other assets and do not constitute a complete investment programs. The value of underlying assets will fluctuate and may be worth less than what the program initially paid. Private and non-trade REITs offer limited liquidity options and investors may have difficulties in selling the investment. Early redemption of shares is often restrictive and may be expensive. The amount of distributions a trust may take is not guaranteed and can be modified. Distributions that include return of principal will lessen the money available for the program to invest, which may lower overall returns. If borrowed funds were used to pay distributions, the distribution rate may not be sustainable.
Investing in private and non-traded REITs are subject, but no limited to, the following risks: •  Non-Traded REITs offer little price transparency to investors and little liquidity. Financial information may be unclear to the investor which makes the true associated risks and value difficult to ascertain.
• Distribution payments are not guaranteed and may be modified at the program's discretion.
• The source of distribution may not be transparent and in some cases distributions to investors are paid with borrowed money over a lengthy period of time, with newly raised capital, or by the return of principal. By returning principal to investors, the program will have less money to invest, which may lower its overall return. If borrowed funds are used for distributions, those distributions may not be sustainable.
• Sales costs are deducted from/the offering price.
• The investment is illiquid during the term of investment which may be 7 to 10 years. Trying to liquidate the investment earlier is often difficult or costly or may be impossible.
• Many companies offer some form of redemption plan but these are very limited, often limited to 3% of the shares outstanding in a year and involve a significant penalty.
• The fixed portfolios and long-term horizon provide a level of stability since the REIT is not required to sell properties to meet investor liquidation requirements.
• Non-trade REITs pay monthly or quarterly dividends which may be higher than publicly traded REITs; however, dividends are not guaranteed. • Dividends may include repayment of principal in early stages of the program.
• Private REITs are not required to provide the same level of quarterly disclosure as publicly traded REITs.
• Non-trade REITs impose minimum income and/or net worth requirements; RRs are obligated to determine the investor meets the requirements and completes any necessary subscription agreements.
Investors should carefully read the relevant prospectus. Carefully consider the risks, investment objectives and charges and ongoing expenses prior to investing.
Managed FuturesManaged futures investments are speculative, involve a high degree of risk, have substantial charges and are suitable only for the investment of the risk capital portion of an investor's portfolio. Some or all managed futures investments may not be suitable for certain investors. An investment in an alternative investment fund should not constitute a complete investment program and may be highly leveraged. Any past performance and information that may be referred to herein may not necessarily be representative of the experience of managed futures products or particular investors and are no guarantee of future results. There is no guarantee that the fund will achieve its objectives. Carefully read the Disclosure Document for an in-depth discussion of the risks associated with futures investments before investing.
OptionsPrior to transacting in listed options you should consult with your Financial Advisor about all of the potential risks and benefits of such a strategy. Since options strategies involve unique risk considerations, tax consequences, and commission costs, options are not suitable for all investors. When participating in a covered call strategy, the investor is at risk of having to sell the stock if the stock’s price rises above the strike price. Remember, in exchange for receiving the premium of having sold the calls, the investor is obligated to sell the stock if the option is exercised. This material must be preceded or accompanied by a copy of Characteristics and Risks of Listed Options, given to you by your Investment Advisor. Finally, you should consult a tax expert 9 regarding any potential tax implications involved with any potential options strategy prior to placing a trade. Supporting documentation will be provided upon request.
The purchase and sale of option contracts can be risky and is not suitable for all investors. When investing in options, investors run the risk of losing their entire investment in a relatively short period of time. Before opening an option position, a person must receive a copy of Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options. Please read it carefully before investing.
Variable AnnuitiesAnnuities are available through insurance subsidiaries and other underwriters. Not available in all states. Fees are charged to pay for death benefits guaranteed by the issuing insurance company. Variable annuities are long-term investments suitable for retirement funding. Withdrawals from an annuity before age 59 ½ may incur a 10% penalty. Annuities are sold by prospectus only. Consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the variable annuity carefully before investing. For more information including charges and expenses, and to obtain a prospectus contact your Financial Advisor. The prospectus contains more complete information about the variable annuity being offered. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing. Variable annuities are securities products and are not a deposit, not insured by the FDIC or any federal government agency, not bank guaranteed, and may go down in value.
Insurance (Fixed)The issuing company’s policies and contracts can contain exclusions, limitations, reduction and terms for keeping them in force. All guarantees are based on the claims-paying ability of the issuing company. Restrictions and other coverage conditions may apply. The availability of products varies by carrier and state. Your Financial Advisor can provide you with costs and complete details. Securities and insurance products or annuities sold, offered or recommended are not a deposit, not FDIC insured, not guaranteed by a bank, not insured by any federal government agency and may lose value.
Allocation Procedures for Securities subject to Call or RedemptionThe lottery process for a partial call, pre-refund or defeasement is a random process designed to allocate called securities on a fair and impartial basis. The lottery process is based on a mathematical formula to randomly select accounts for allocation. For calls that are deemed favorable to the security-holder, firm accounts, as well as accounts of associated persons of broker-dealers are excluded until all client positions have been allocated. A favorable call occurs when the call price exceeds the current market price reflected in the back office application. If no price is available in the back office system, the call is presumed favorable. If a call is not deemed favorable to the security-holder, firm and associated persons' accounts are included in the lottery. Additional details concerning the lottery will be provided upon request.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)BB&T Securities, LLC does not knowingly collect or retain personally identifiable information from consumers under the age of thirteen on its website(s). Your child's online privacy is protected by the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). Learn more about COPPA by visiting the Federal Trade Commission's website.
Back to List

Relationship Disclosure
BB&T Securities (the firm) regularly receive voluntary monies from several different partner firms that are considered indirect compensation for the Firm. These funds are used for the general education and training of the financial advisors employed by the Firm. The participation by partner firms in these educational settings is voluntary and does not constitute an agreement on the part of the Firm to favor the product and services of the participating partner firms.
Additionally, Mutual Fund companies also may pay BB&T Securities for administration and record-keeping services. These payments are not part of your financial advisor’s compensation, nor do they have any affect on your sales charge.
You should also be aware that BB&T Securities and other entities associated with BB&T that sell shares of Sterling Capital Funds may receive more revenue from the sale of Sterling Capital Funds than from the sale of other mutual funds offered by BB&T Securities.
Mutual Fund policies can be found in either the fund’s prospectus or the Statement of Additional Information (SAI), which is available on request from the fund company. If you have any questions regarding these practices, please contact your financial advisor.
The following partner firms, which include both mutual fund companies, insurance companies, and other service related firms, contributed between $1 and $50,000 to educational efforts of the Firm in the previous year:  
   


Allianz Global Investors

First Eagle Funds


Babson Capital Management

Forethought


Goldman Sachs Asset Management

Great West


Incapital

Henderson Global Investors


Leader Capital Corp

LoCorr Funds


Pimco

Lord Abbett & Co


Putnam Investments

Oppenheimer Funds


Nationwide

API Funds


AIG

MetLife


JP Morgan
 
Prudential


RiverFront Investment Group

Lincoln Financial Group


Russell Investments

Jackson National Life


Coho Partners

Caprin Asset Management


Thomson Reuters

PriceMetrix


Pioneer Investments

First Trust Portfolios


Invesco

Alta Capital Management


Sterling Capital Management

Federated Investors


Tandem Investment Advisors
 




Back to List

Form ADV Disclosure Documents
Please click here to view.
Back to List


 






BB&T Securities, LLC is a wholly owned nonbank subsidiary of BB&T Corporation, member FINRA/SIPC and a Registered Investment Advisor.  Securities and Insurance products and Annuities offered, sold or recommended are not a deposit, not FDIC insured, not guaranteed by a bank, not insured by any federal government agency and may lose value. To learn more about the regulatory and financial services background of the firm and its current associates, please visit FINRA BrokerCheck.
2017 © BB&T Securities, LLC








BB&T Bank | Personal Banking, Business Banking, Mortgages, Investments




Skip to main content







Search TermsClearSearch

 Close search, tabbing past this button closes search






Warning!

You Have Disabled the JavaScript in Your Browser. Kindly Enable it for the Best Experience..


×












Online Banking




User ID




Password





Log in





Reset your password


Call 888-228-6654 for User ID Assistance

Sign up for online banking


Online security measures





Get the mobile app


U by BB&T






New to online banking?


Sign up





Log in to another account

Choose oneAssociation Online PaymentsCheck ReorderElite UMAEmail EncryptionMarketconnectU by BB&TOnline BankingPlanTracBB&T Scott & StringfellowShareholder ServicesTAMLinkGo















Open a checking or savings account online today
Open an account online for a BB&T checking or savings account



Learn about BB&T products and services





                                    Checking
                                





                                    Savings
                                





                                    Home Mortgage
                                





                                    Prepaid Cards
                                





                                    Credit Cards
                                





                                    Debit Cards
                                

















Show off your style
Pay with more personality by customizing your debit card with a personal image.Start designing your debit card - important










Go beyond everyday banking Get a comprehensive view of your finances with U by BB&T®, our online and mobile banking experience. Manage all your accounts from a customizable dashboard, set budgeting and spending goals, pay bills, view your credit score and more. Learn more about U by BB&T - important 












Let BB&T help you stay safe onlineWe invite you to explore BB&T Security Central, where you can find the latest information you need to stay up to date on security threats and get tips to stay safe.









Disclosures
						

Loans, lines of credit and credit cards are subject to credit approval.
Only deposit products are FDIC insured.
Insurance products and services are offered by BB&T Insurance Services, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of BB&T Insurance Holdings, Inc.
 Securities, Insurance and Advisory Services are:  Not a deposit Not FDIC-insured Not guaranteed by a bank Not insured by any state or federal government agency May go down in value  

Branch Banking and Trust Company is a Member FDIC and an Equal Housing Lender. 
BB&T Complete Client Protection




Scroll to top of page


Online Banking | BB&T Bank



Skip to main content







Search TermsClearSearch

 Close search, tabbing past this button closes search






Warning!

You Have Disabled the JavaScript in Your Browser. Kindly Enable it for the Best Experience..


×








Online Banking











Online Banking




User ID




Password





Log in





Reset your password


Call 888-228-6654 for User ID Assistance

Sign up for online banking


Online security measures





Get the mobile app


U by BB&T






New to online banking?


Sign up





Log in to another account

Choose oneAssociation Online PaymentsCheck ReorderElite UMAEmail EncryptionMarketconnectU by BB&TOnline BankingPlanTracBB&T Scott & StringfellowShareholder ServicesTAMLinkGo























See the big picture and take controlEnroll now in BB&T online banking - important














Ready to try U by BB&T?U by BB&T is the new mobile and online banking experience with enhanced features to help you manage your financial life.













DashboardAll of your favorite features—arranged any way you like
 My Profile – Create and customize your view with tiles to see what's important to you Link Accounts – View all of your accounts at BB&T and at other institutions, including your investments, loans, credit cards and more Credit Score – Monitor your credit score for free—with regular updates My Banker – Schedule an appointment online so you can speak with your banker when it's convenient for you 
Get details about the dashboard features of U by BB&T - important






Banking FeaturesAll the everyday banking services you've come to know and depend on
 Bill Pay and Transfers – Includes payment history and more Alerts – Provides notifications on the account activities of your choice Online Statements – Saves paper and reduces the risk of identity theft Checks and Accessories – Allows you to personalize your order 
Get details about the standard banking features of U by BB&T - important






Plan & AnalyzeAll of your BB&T accounts—and accounts at other institutions—show up with one logon
 Link Accounts – View all of your accounts at BB&T and at other institutions, including your investments, loans, credit cards and more Categorize Transactions – Group your expenses in categories for a crystal clear view of your spending Make a Budget – Choose exactly where your money is going Set Goals – Prepare for future expenses and monitor your progress 
Get details about the Plan & Analyze feature of U by BB&T - important








eBillsView, pay and file your bills easily
 Simple – Receive and pay your bills from one location Convenient – Access up to 13 months of statements Fast – Receive alerts when a new bill arrives Secure – Eliminate the risk of lost or stolen paper bills 
Get details about the eBills feature of U by BB&T - important






Personal PaymentsSend money to friends, family and just about anyone
 Secure – Log on to U by BB&T with your online banking user ID and password Easy – Pay people using just their phone number or email address Practical – Send exact amounts without having to write checks or have the cash on hand Convenient – Enjoy the flexibility of paying someone without being with them in person 
Get details about the Personal Payments feature of U by BB&T - important






Payments & TransfersMake payments and transfers from your smartphone, tablet or computer
 Convenient – Set up monthly bills to be paid automatically Fast – Perform real-time transfers between your BB&T personal accounts Secure – Know your money is safe with our secure electronic delivery system Accessible – Access Payments & Transfers through online banking, Small Business Online® banking, Intuit® Quicken® and more 
Get details about the Payments & Transfers feature of U by BB&T - important








BB&T DealsGet cash back the easy way—the more you shop, the more you earn
 Log On – You're automatically enrolled if you have a BB&T personal credit, personal or business debit, or BB&T MoneyAccount® card Click – Offers are based on past purchases—one click adds them to your card Shop – Redeem your offers by shopping as usual with your card—earnings are automatic Earn – Cash-back earnings are applied directly to your account 
Get details about the BB&T Deals feature of U by BB&T - important






U by BB&T Video DemosLearn how to get the most out of your online banking experience
 My Profile – Find out how to customize your profile and more Plan & Analyze – See how to create a budget and analyze your investments online My Banker – Learn an easy way to set up a meeting with a BB&T banker My Receipts – Discover a new method to collect all your receipts BB&T Deals – Find new ways to get cash back on everyday purchases 
Get details about U by BB&T Video Demos - important
















Still exploring?
















What can U do for me?


See how U by BB&T can make managing your money easy and convenient.


start of video










										Transcript
									

So what exactly is U? Here’s the two-minute version. U is based on the idea that everyone’s finances are unique and that managing your money should be simple. Let’s take a look inside. First of all, you can still do all the basics. It’s very easy to see your balances, transfer money, pay bills, and deposit checks. But now we’ve separated all of the features into tiles, like you see here. And here’s the cool part: You can create and customize your own financial dashboard based on what’s important to you. So, what if you’re all about rewards? Move your credit card rewards to the top of your dashboard so it’s the first thing you see when you log in. Or maybe you want to move your categorized spending from here to here. Even colors are your choice. Make U your own with a variety of new color themes. Or say you don’t want any of this. Say you want the cleanest dashboard possible. Well, you can skip the fancy tiles and have that, too. But that’s not all. There are a lot of new features, too. For example, now you can see all of your accounts, not just with BB&T. Paying your friends is way easier than it used to be, too. You can pay anyone directly with just their email address or mobile phone number. You get a real banker that you can connect with, or schedule appointments on your time. With Quick View Balance, you can see balances without logging in. You can set your own customized budget with our Plan and Analyze tools, and we’ll track your progress as you go. This is the new receipt tile. It helps you capture and store your receipts, even attach them to your transactions. No more paper needed. What you see today is only the beginning. We’ll continue to add new features that help make your life a little easier and help you make better financial decisions. Then we want to hear about them from you. You can tell us if you like them, or if they need more work, and what we should build next. Because at the end of the day, it’s your bank, it’s your money, and it’s all about you, and that’s what U is all about. Log on or enroll today.


See all U by BB&T video demos













U by BB&T: eBills


Gain more control of your bills by having them all in one place—your online banking account.


start of video






See all U by BB&T video demos


















Related services






Mobile bankingThe U by BB&T® mobile app for iPhone®, iPad® and Android® is a complete and seamless banking experience.




Investment account accessTake advantage of our multiple online investing services, providing access to your discount brokerage accounts, retirement savings and online trust management.








Disclosures
						

1Fees from your mobile or data carrier may apply. A monthly service fee applies if you choose to access your online banking financial data through QuickBooks® or Quicken® Direct Connect.
Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone and iPad are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the US and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Android, Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google Inc.
Only deposit products are FDIC insured.
Branch Banking and Trust Company is a Member FDIC and an Equal Housing Lender. 
BB&T Complete Client Protection





Scroll to top of page


Online Banking | BB&T Bank



Skip to main content







Search TermsClearSearch

 Close search, tabbing past this button closes search






Warning!

You Have Disabled the JavaScript in Your Browser. Kindly Enable it for the Best Experience..


×








Online Banking











Online Banking




User ID




Password





Log in





Reset your password


Call 888-228-6654 for User ID Assistance

Sign up for online banking


Online security measures





Get the mobile app


U by BB&T






New to online banking?


Sign up





Log in to another account

Choose oneAssociation Online PaymentsCheck ReorderElite UMAEmail EncryptionMarketconnectU by BB&TOnline BankingPlanTracBB&T Scott & StringfellowShareholder ServicesTAMLinkGo























See the big picture and take controlEnroll now in BB&T online banking - important














Ready to try U by BB&T?U by BB&T is the new mobile and online banking experience with enhanced features to help you manage your financial life.













DashboardAll of your favorite features—arranged any way you like
 My Profile – Create and customize your view with tiles to see what's important to you Link Accounts – View all of your accounts at BB&T and at other institutions, including your investments, loans, credit cards and more Credit Score – Monitor your credit score for free—with regular updates My Banker – Schedule an appointment online so you can speak with your banker when it's convenient for you 
Get details about the dashboard features of U by BB&T - important






Banking FeaturesAll the everyday banking services you've come to know and depend on
 Bill Pay and Transfers – Includes payment history and more Alerts – Provides notifications on the account activities of your choice Online Statements – Saves paper and reduces the risk of identity theft Checks and Accessories – Allows you to personalize your order 
Get details about the standard banking features of U by BB&T - important






Plan & AnalyzeAll of your BB&T accounts—and accounts at other institutions—show up with one logon
 Link Accounts – View all of your accounts at BB&T and at other institutions, including your investments, loans, credit cards and more Categorize Transactions – Group your expenses in categories for a crystal clear view of your spending Make a Budget – Choose exactly where your money is going Set Goals – Prepare for future expenses and monitor your progress 
Get details about the Plan & Analyze feature of U by BB&T - important








eBillsView, pay and file your bills easily
 Simple – Receive and pay your bills from one location Convenient – Access up to 13 months of statements Fast – Receive alerts when a new bill arrives Secure – Eliminate the risk of lost or stolen paper bills 
Get details about the eBills feature of U by BB&T - important






Personal PaymentsSend money to friends, family and just about anyone
 Secure – Log on to U by BB&T with your online banking user ID and password Easy – Pay people using just their phone number or email address Practical – Send exact amounts without having to write checks or have the cash on hand Convenient – Enjoy the flexibility of paying someone without being with them in person 
Get details about the Personal Payments feature of U by BB&T - important






Payments & TransfersMake payments and transfers from your smartphone, tablet or computer
 Convenient – Set up monthly bills to be paid automatically Fast – Perform real-time transfers between your BB&T personal accounts Secure – Know your money is safe with our secure electronic delivery system Accessible – Access Payments & Transfers through online banking, Small Business Online® banking, Intuit® Quicken® and more 
Get details about the Payments & Transfers feature of U by BB&T - important








BB&T DealsGet cash back the easy way—the more you shop, the more you earn
 Log On – You're automatically enrolled if you have a BB&T personal credit, personal or business debit, or BB&T MoneyAccount® card Click – Offers are based on past purchases—one click adds them to your card Shop – Redeem your offers by shopping as usual with your card—earnings are automatic Earn – Cash-back earnings are applied directly to your account 
Get details about the BB&T Deals feature of U by BB&T - important






U by BB&T Video DemosLearn how to get the most out of your online banking experience
 My Profile – Find out how to customize your profile and more Plan & Analyze – See how to create a budget and analyze your investments online My Banker – Learn an easy way to set up a meeting with a BB&T banker My Receipts – Discover a new method to collect all your receipts BB&T Deals – Find new ways to get cash back on everyday purchases 
Get details about U by BB&T Video Demos - important
















Still exploring?
















What can U do for me?


See how U by BB&T can make managing your money easy and convenient.


start of video










										Transcript
									

So what exactly is U? Here’s the two-minute version. U is based on the idea that everyone’s finances are unique and that managing your money should be simple. Let’s take a look inside. First of all, you can still do all the basics. It’s very easy to see your balances, transfer money, pay bills, and deposit checks. But now we’ve separated all of the features into tiles, like you see here. And here’s the cool part: You can create and customize your own financial dashboard based on what’s important to you. So, what if you’re all about rewards? Move your credit card rewards to the top of your dashboard so it’s the first thing you see when you log in. Or maybe you want to move your categorized spending from here to here. Even colors are your choice. Make U your own with a variety of new color themes. Or say you don’t want any of this. Say you want the cleanest dashboard possible. Well, you can skip the fancy tiles and have that, too. But that’s not all. There are a lot of new features, too. For example, now you can see all of your accounts, not just with BB&T. Paying your friends is way easier than it used to be, too. You can pay anyone directly with just their email address or mobile phone number. You get a real banker that you can connect with, or schedule appointments on your time. With Quick View Balance, you can see balances without logging in. You can set your own customized budget with our Plan and Analyze tools, and we’ll track your progress as you go. This is the new receipt tile. It helps you capture and store your receipts, even attach them to your transactions. No more paper needed. What you see today is only the beginning. We’ll continue to add new features that help make your life a little easier and help you make better financial decisions. Then we want to hear about them from you. You can tell us if you like them, or if they need more work, and what we should build next. Because at the end of the day, it’s your bank, it’s your money, and it’s all about you, and that’s what U is all about. Log on or enroll today.


See all U by BB&T video demos













U by BB&T: eBills


Gain more control of your bills by having them all in one place—your online banking account.


start of video






See all U by BB&T video demos


















Related services






Mobile bankingThe U by BB&T® mobile app for iPhone®, iPad® and Android® is a complete and seamless banking experience.




Investment account accessTake advantage of our multiple online investing services, providing access to your discount brokerage accounts, retirement savings and online trust management.








Disclosures
						

1Fees from your mobile or data carrier may apply. A monthly service fee applies if you choose to access your online banking financial data through QuickBooks® or Quicken® Direct Connect.
Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone and iPad are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the US and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Android, Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google Inc.
Only deposit products are FDIC insured.
Branch Banking and Trust Company is a Member FDIC and an Equal Housing Lender. 
BB&T Complete Client Protection





Scroll to top of page


 




	Log On - Enter User ID    






























Enter User ID







User ID






Forgot Your User ID?
						        						 description displayed in tooltip
							        					

Forgot Your User ID?
															To get assistance with your User ID, please call 888-BBT-ONLINE (888-228-6654). Associates are available to assist you 7 days a week from 6 am to midnight ET.

							        						
 click to close tooltip







Password



														Enter your password on the next page.													




Log On

													Cancel entering User ID

 This form is secure



Secure Log On
Ensuring the security of your personal information online is a top priority for us. We encrypt both your User ID and Password using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology - the highest level of protection available online. SSL converts sensitive information transmitted between your computer's browser and BB&T into secure code that cannot be read by unauthorized parties.
															

Close







































 
Careers at BB&T
 



SEARCHSEARCH

 




Personal


Business


Wealth




























Find Your Fit

Search Jobs




CareersAt BB&T, we believe our associates are our most valuable asset. We operate on the principle that each individual is capable of having a positive impact on the organization. This belief has allowed BB&T to evolve into one of the financial service industry's top performers.
Search and Apply for Jobs
Don't see a position that interests you? Join our talent community so we can keep you informed about opportunities matching your career interests.




Working at BB&T


Where the industry’s brightest talent is building a world-class organization in an ever-changing environment. 

Who We Are

BB&T is much more than a bank. We are the nation’s 10th largest financial holding company, providing our clients with banking, insurance, investment and other financial solutions. We have more than 30,000 associates and more than 2,000 locations in 15 states and Washington, DC.Company Information 
 



Our Philosophy

Our success as an organization is based on the vision, mission and values that comprise the BB&T philosophy. Fundamental principles guide us in every decision we make. Our values are the foundation for our relationships with our associates, clients and shareholders.Vision, Mission and Values 
 



Workplace Diversity

BB&T fosters respect and appreciation for individual differences including, but not limited to, race, sexual orientation, military status and disability. The varied life and business experiences of our associates help us deliver better products and services and build better relationships with our clients.Diversity Philosophy Kelly King on the BB&T Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion Disability Inclusion Starts with You
 



Military Veterans

We thank you for your sacrifice and service. At BB&T, we believe that hiring veterans isn’t just the "right thing to do," it’s a smart investment and a savvy business decision. The veterans who have chosen to work here at BB&T make us a better company every day because of their leadership skills, commitment and work ethic. Search and Apply for Jobs
 



Community Development

BB&T is committed to making the communities in which we work better places to live. Through our Community Reinvestment Act Steering Committee, Capacity Building Programs and affordable loan and mortgage programs, we are helping to meet the needs of the communities we serve.BB&T in the Community



Benefits


At BB&T, we reward associates for their commitment and their valuable contributions to our success. We achieve this by providing "Total Compensation," which extends beyond annual income to encompass a wide range of benefits. 

Benefits Package


BB&T offers a competitive and comprehensive benefits package that has received national recognition. Any regular BB&T associate scheduled to work at least 20 hours per week is eligible for benefits, including:



401(k) Savings Plan
Pension Plan
Medical Care
Dental Care
Vision Care
Health Savings Account 
LifeForce (Associate Wellness Program)




Term Life Insurance
Dependent Life Coverage
Disability Coverage
Accidental Death and Dismemberment Coverage
Business Travel Accident Insurance 



Learn more 

 



Associate Banking Benefits


BB&T offers associates a wide range of BB&T products and services at no cost or at a significantly reduced cost. We provide dedicated specialists to handle associate personal banking needs in a confidential environment. Products and services include:



Retail Deposits
Related Deposit Services
Credit Cards
Retail Loans




Mortgage
Insurance
Investments
Associate Virtual Branch



Learn more 

 



Work/Life Balance


BB&T recognizes the importance of achieving and maintaining a balance between your career and your personal life. We understand that you have needs beyond the workplace, which is why we offer the following benefits.



Short-Term Absence Pay 
Holidays
Vacation




Parental Involvement in Schools
Scholarship Program 
Associate Assistance Program



Learn more 

 



Professional Development


BB&T is a rapidly growing financial company and opportunities to advance are abundant. We also provide continuous training opportunities to keep our associates at the top of their game in a competitive and rapidly changing environment.

Continuing Education
Formal Degree Programs

Learn more





Jobs in Demand


Start your career at BB&T today. Consider applying for a job in demand. We currently have a number of openings for the following positions.
Teller

Participate in the daily operations of the financial center. Responsible for delivery of superior quality service while adhering to corporate, regulatory and audit guidelines. 
Provide timely and efficient completion of client transactions while maintaining accurate records and thorough proper handling of all monies assigned. 
Proactively participate in the sales and referral process of the financial center as directed by management.

Mortgage Loan Officer

Responsible for the sales and marketing of BB&T mortgage loan products within bank policies and procedures.
Provide consistent, effective referrals of mortgage clients for other bank services, including banking, investments and insurance products.

Learn More
Investment Counselor

Responsible for being the primary provider of investment services to the BB&T banking network of clients and prospects.
Establish and maintain a strong partnership with the financial center network, the Wealth division, other key internal partners and centers of influence within an assigned territory.
Hold Series 7, 66 (63 & 65 in lieu of 66) licenses and applicable state, life and health insurance licenses.

Learn More
Business Services Officer

Identify, solicit, develop, manage, service and expand business relationships in an assigned market using a consultative relationship management approach. 
Offer a full range of loan, deposit and noncredit services to existing and prospective business clients. 
Refer business clients with personal financial needs to appropriate relationship managers. 

Branch Banker

Proactively initiate, develop and manage long-term, profitable relationships. 
Participate in the daily operations of the financial center. Responsible for delivery of superior quality service while adhering to corporate, regulatory and audit guidelines. 
Help clients address needs using a consultative approach. 
Gain an understanding of each client to identify current and future financial needs and refer to appropriate financial partners. 
Deliver superior quality service in person and by phone such that client needs are positively met on a consistent basis. 

Search and Apply for Jobs
 


Join Our Team

There has never been a better time to join BB&T. The future holds great promise for our clients and for you. Become part of our team, and become part of a world-class organization where individual contribution is valued and rewarded.
Start exploring the possibilities today.
Search and Apply for Jobs
Didn't find a current opportunity matching your interests? Join our talent community by providing your resume so we can contact you if a job fitting your skill set becomes available.
Join Our Talent Community


Our Associates

Because each associate is integral to the success of BB&T, we work to create an environment where each individual can learn, grow and be fulfilled in their work. Learn what some of our associates like about working at BB&T.


Open All



JoColby
Community Mortgage Specialist
When I StartedJuly 7, 2008
About My ExperienceI am currently in my sixth year with the bank. I was blessed with the opportunity to go through the BB&T Leadership Development Program upon graduating from Winston-Salem State University. I have had the opportunity through BB&T to help fulfill a lifelong dream for many: making the dream of homeownership a reality.
More About Me
My position allows me to see BB&T’s mission in action every day I step foot in my office. Being a Community Mortgage Specialist has also helped me fulfill one of my passions, and that is helping people.I have also had the opportunity to serve our country while working here at BB&T. I have served two tours of duty in Iraq and currently hold the rank of E-6 in the North Carolina National Guard. My last tour of duty in Iraq was 2009-2010. BB&T held my position until I returned. BB&T is truly a great place to work.




Kimberly
Market Leader I
When I StartedFebruary 14, 2006
About My ExperienceI began my career with BB&T as a Teller at the Beverly Hills, FL, branch. I received several awards during my first year for Top 5 Teller Referrals and Top 5 Teller Differences, completed the Teller Certification Program and was promoted to Senior Teller.
More About Me
After working as a Teller for two years, I accepted a promotion to Relationship Banker, and currently I am a Market Leader I. I feel valued—both financially and personally—as an associate at BB&T, and I am rewarded by incentives and excellent benefits. BB&T encourages independent thinking, which allows me to be creative and feel personally fulfilled in my work. Because of this, my clients know that I am happy to be here, and they come to me to help them achieve economic success and financial security. With support from my office, I am able to volunteer for nonprofit organizations and participate in local benefit events. I proudly represent BB&T in the community, and I will continue to contribute to the success of BB&T for years to come.




Jonathan
Design Team Manager
When I StartedMarch 2010
About My ExperienceI am the Design Team Manager of Evaluation & Performance Architecture at BB&T University. I received my BA in Film & Digital Media from Baylor University and most recently my MBA from Wake Forest University. I began working in learning and development (L&D) with a small start-up in Texas.
More About Me
After a few years building a dynamic L&D shop, aptly named Simply Interactive, I moved to Vacationland (also known as North Carolina) to take a consulting job with Global Knowledge. A handful of exciting years on the road passed, and I knew it was time to settle down. I then began my career at BB&T as a Curriculum Designer with BB&T University in March of 2010 where I found a perfect fit for my performance consulting talents and passion for community service. I have spent the last four years developing human performance technology capabilities within the university, and I really enjoy working with internal business partners who share the same mission and vision. I now manage a team responsible for analyzing organizational performance throughout the bank and evaluating the university’s impact on corresponding business results. I currently reside in Winston-Salem with my wife and 18-month-old daughter, where we enjoy running, hiking and fooding.




Oscar
Leadership and Professional Development Manager
When I Started2005
About My ExperienceWhen I joined BB&T in 2005, I didn’t realize the immense amount of opportunities you come across to grow not only professionally but also personally. I began my journey at BB&T as an analyst, and today I hold the most exciting, challenging and fulfilling role I’ve ever had.
More About Me
The consistency of how leaders in the organization behave and execute our values, mission and vision is something I’m very proud of. In fact, these values we "live and breathe" every day are the same values I instill in my family, as I know my children will grow up to be productive individuals in our society that will help others achieve goals and pursue rewarding experiences in their lives.




Jing
Model Risk Management Analyst
When I StartedMarch 5, 2012
About My ExperienceI joined BB&T in 2012 as a Model Risk Management Analyst. My responsibility is to validate the models used across the bank for business decisions. I perform "effective challenge" on the tools and inform responsible parties who can identify model limitations and assumptions to produce appropriate changes. The job exposes me to a variety of lines of business in a short time and broadens my network within the bank.
More About Me
I have had the opportunity to take on increasingly challenging assignments, which has led to a continuous progression of responsibilities and promotions in my career. My management believes in me and helps me realize my true potential. Along the way I have had the benefit of tremendous learning opportunities within BB&T, including different learning courses, a mentoring program and schooling.At BB&T, we work as a team toward a goal across several specialized fields. We learn a lot from each other. I truly enjoy my experience at BB&T.




Luis
Multicultural Markets Manager
When I StartedJune 6, 1983
About My ExperienceWashington, DC, is my 11th market during a career comprising four states and the District of Columbia. My career has mapped the expansion of the bank beyond its North Carolina borders.
More About Me
It is evident to me that all peoples, throughout the world, will respond positively to someone who is honestly and honorably trying to help them be successful. The BB&T culture is about living out our mission by helping our clients, bankers, communities and finally our shareholders attain their potential. Therefore, none of our markets are different. The "magic" of BB&T is within our teams, and we are proud to be BB&T!








Careers


Working at BB&T


Why BB&T


Workplace Diversity


Benefits Package


Professional Development


Work/Life Balance


Search and Apply  for Jobs






Contact Us
Call 800-BANK-BBT
(800-226-5228)

Job Seekers with Disabilities
For accommodation,
contact Human Systems.
Email: accessibility@bbandt.com
Phone: 866-362-6451







Locations
 ZIP Code  FIND 
More search options























Recognitions


Keynote ranked BB&T first for overall customer experience among US retail banking websites for the third straight year, placing first in all four customer experience categories.
For the third year in a row, BB&T Wealth was ranked in Barron's "Top 40 Wealth Managers" which ranks US wealth managers by client assets in accounts of $5 million or more.
BB&T was named by Global Finance one of The World's Best Treasury & Cash Management Providers in 2016 for the US Regional Middle Market Providers - Southeast region.
BB&T received four Greenwich Excellence Awards in Wealth Management and Personal Investment services for 2016 from Greenwich Associates. BB&T is the only bank to be recognized in all four categories.
BB&T has been named #3 in the 12th Annual Study of Most Trusted Retail Banks for Privacy by the Ponemon Institute. This marks the fourth year that BB&T has been listed in the top five most trusted retail banks for privacy.
Training magazine recognized BB&T as one of the world's Top 125 Organizations for Excellent Training in 2016. This marks the 15th consecutive year BB&T has received this coveted recognition.
BB&T is regularly featured as a Company of the Week by The Financial Services Roundtable. Companies are showcased for their leadership and dedication to improving our communities and expanding financial literacy in America. In 2016, BB&T was awarded its Corporate Social Responsibility Leadership award.
Since we began the BB&T Lighthouse Project in 2009, we have completed 9,000 community service projects, provided more than 475,000 volunteer hours, and helped change the lives of more than 13 million people!

Previous quote | Next quote











Branch Banking and Trust Company, Member FDIC.



The 2015 Greenwich Associates Commercial Banking Study is of companies with sales of $1MM to $500MM and is based on more than 28,000 interviews.



BB&T supports a diverse workforce and is an Equal Opportunity Employer who does not discriminate against individuals on the basis of race, gender, color, religion, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status or other classification protected by law. Drug Free Workplace.



BB&T Complete Client Protection

© 2017, Branch Banking and Trust Company. All rights reserved.





 
Contact Us | Feedback, Complaints, Need Assistance | BB&T Bank




SEARCHSEARCH

 




Personal


Business


Wealth






















Contact Us
Need Assistance?
We're here to answer your questions and provide support in any way we can. We want to help you achieve economic success and financial security through our products and services. You can reach us in any of the following ways:




In Person
Visit your local BB&T financial center.








Online
Log on to online banking and send us a secure message. An automatic response email will be sent, confirming receipt of your message. A dedicated BB&T representative will respond to your inquiry within 2 to 3 business days.
Don't have online banking? Enroll now.








By Phone
Call us at 800-BANK-BBT (800-226-5228). Associates are available from 6 am to midnight ET.
International: 910-914-8250
Hearing Impaired Clients: TDD (TDD compatible equipment required): 888-833-4228 
We gladly accept relay service calls at 800-BANK-BBT (800-226-5228) and all of our financial centers. 
Please be advised that you or your relay service provider will be required to authenticate your identity prior to receiving any information regarding your account.








Mobile
Download the U by BB&T® mobile app.






Not the Information You Were Looking For?
Try the following contact information:







Open All




Contact Information for Personal Clients




Association Services - Condo/HOA Payments






Association Services - Condo/HOA Payments
 

Email








Enroll, cancel or change Association Pay (ACH)
Learn how to make a payment online
Find out the various ways homeowner payments are accepted

Log on to make a payment online







General Account Information





BB&T Phone24
800-BANK-BBT(800-226-5228)






Associates are available from 6 am to midnight ET. Account information is available through BB&T Phone24 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. 

General account inquiries about your checking, savings and CD accounts









Debit Cards and Credit Cards





Debit Cards
800-BANK-BBT(800-226-5228)






Associates are available from 6 am to midnight ET. Account information is available through BB&T Phone24 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Self-services, such as ordering a new card, are available by logging on to your online banking account. 

General inquiries about your BB&T ATM or Debit Card
Report lost or stolen cards
Activate your BB&T Debit Card
Change PIN









Credit Cards
800-476-4228






Associates are available from 6 am to midnight ET. Self-services, such as ordering a new card, are available by logging on to your online banking account. 

Report lost or stolen card
Balance inquiries
Make payments
Request a credit line increase
General inquiries 








Mail payments to:PO Box 580340Charlotte, NC 28258-0340
Inquiries:PO Box 200Wilson, NC 27893







EasySend
866-785-3614








Activate card
Obtain or change PIN
Obtain balance or transaction information
Report card lost or stolen
Report unauthorized use of card
Ask questions about statement
Dispute transactions









Credit Report Disputes





Credit Report Disputes






If you have a question around credit report information provided by BB&T, we havededicated associates to research and, if necessary, correct credit report information.Please mail us your dispute and we will begin reviewing it as soon as it is received. Because we want to fully investigate your concern, it may take up to 30 days to respondfrom the date we receive your dispute.




Credit Reporting DisputesCredit reporting refers to the content in your credit report. Please include the following information:

Name
Address
Social Security number (minimum last four digits)
Account number
Specific information disputed and basis for the dispute
Any supporting documents


Credit Inquiry DisputesCredit inquiry refers to the inquiries BB&T—or another financial institution—has made to look at your overall credit position. Please include the following information:

Name
Address
Social Security number (entire number)
Inquiry date
Specific information disputed and basis for the dispute




Mail credit disputes to:BB&T Retail LendingAttn: Credit Dispute DepartmentPO Box 1847Wilson, NC 27894Credit disputes will be considered Fair Credit Reporting Act conforming disputes if submitted to the address provided.











Insurance





Claims Center
800-990-4228

Email








Claims









Personal Insurance Sales Center
800-422-8448

Email








Homeowners Coverage
Personal Auto
Recreational/Pleasure Craft
Scheduled Property
Personal Umbrella









Life Insurance Sales Center
800-474-1471

Email








Whole Life
Universal Life
Term Life
Variable Life
Individual Disability
Long-Term Care









Health Insurance Sales Center
800-474-1471

Email








Individual/Family Major Medical
Short-Term Health Coverage
Medicare Supplement
Individual/Family Dental
International Travel Insurance









Personal Insurance Service Center
800-228-1820

Email







Investments and Wealth Management





BB&T Investment Services
800-453-7348

Email








Schedule an appointment with an investment counselor
Open a self-directed brokerage account
Get assistance with an existing account
Place orders for stocks, bonds, mutual funds or options









BB&T Wealth
800-388-3085

Email






The Wealth Solutions Center is a team dedicated to supporting BB&T Wealth clients and assisting those interested in the services of BB&T Wealth. 

Banking, strategic credit, investments, risk management, trust and estate planning
Schedule appointments with your local advisor
General inquiries and servicing requests









Loans





Loan Information Line
888-562-6228








Early payoff quotes
General inquiries








Mail payments to:BB&T Retail LendingPO Box 580048Charlotte, NC 28258-0048







Mortgages





Mortgage Servicing Center
800-295-5744








Current mortgage rates
Mortgage account inquiries
Escrow account inquiries
Payoff quotes
Information on refinance
1098 information
Español








Mail payments to:BB&T Mortgage Payment CenterPO Box 580022Charlotte, NC 28258-0022
Mail notices of error and requests for information to:BB&T MSCR DepartmentPO Box 3307Greenville, SC 29602







Online Banking Support





BB&T Online Banking
888-BBT-ONLINE(888-228-6654)






Logon to online bankingEnroll in online banking

Enroll in online banking
Bill payment questions
General online banking inquiries









Relocation Services





Relocation Services
800-BANK-BBT








If you're moving to the area and have questions about BB&T's services









Switch to BB&T
Visit our Switch Center








We've made transferring your accounts to BB&T easy













Open All




Contact Information for Business Clients




Association Services





Association Services
727-549-1202Toll-free: 888-722-6669

Email







Providing products and services specifically designed to meet the needs of property management companies and community associations including:

Payment processing
Association deposit services
Association loans
Deposit services

Log on to make a payment online Learn more about payment options







General Account Information





BB&T Phone24
800-BANK-BBT(800-226-5228)






Associates are available from 6 am to midnight ET, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. 

General account inquiries about your checking, savings and CD accounts









Capital Markets





BB&T Capital Markets
804-649-3972

Email








Sales and trading
Investment banking
Corporate banking









California:






Huntington Beach | 714-372-72007755 Center Avenue11th FloorHuntington Beach, CA 92647 

Sales
Investment banking

San Francisco | 415-276-0329One Front StreetSuite 1475San Francisco, CA 94111 

Sales trading
Sales









Florida:







Boca Raton | 866-876-9064433 Plaza RealSuite 255Boca Raton, FL 33432

Sales trading
Sales









Georgia:






Atlanta | 404-442-5000271 17th Street NWSuite 700Atlanta, GA 30363 

Municipal finance









Massachusetts:






Boston | 617-316-1330101 Arch Street10th FloorBoston, MA 02110 

Investment banking
Sales trading
Sales









New Jersey:






Red Bank | 732-945-0850125 Half Mile RoadSuite 107Red Bank, NJ 07701

Sales trading
Sales









New York:






New York | 800-896-98681133 Avenue of the Americas27th FloorNew York, NY 10036 

Sales trading
Sales
Structured finance









North Carolina:






Charlotte | 704-954-1000200 South College StreetSuite 750Charlotte, NC 28202 

Sales trading
Sales
Structured finance








Pennsylvania:






Philadelphia | 215-854-6428Two Penn CenterSuite 200Philadelphia, PA 19102 

Municipal healthcare finance









South Carolina:






Mt. Pleasant | 843-849-0535885 Johnnie Dodds BoulevardMt. Pleasant, SC 29401 

Sales









Tennessee:






Nashville | 615-340-83002525 West End Avenue14th FloorNashville, TN 37203 

Sales









Virginia:






Richmond (BB&T Capital Markets Headquarters) | 800-552-7757901 East Byrd StreetRichmond, VA 23219 

Investment banking
Sales trading
Sales
Structured finance

Richmond | 804-649-3900901 East Byrd StreetSuite 300Richmond, VA 23219 

Fixed income
Sales trading
Sales

Reston | 703-471-8500Windsor GroupOne Discovery Square12010 Sunset Hills RoadSuite 700Reston, VA 20190 

Investment banking

McLean, VA | 703-761-28008200 Greensboro DriveSuite 825McLean, VA 22102







Cash Management & Disbursement





BB&T Treasury Management
Inquiries: 800-810-5625Client Support: 800-774-8179

Email








General inquiries
ACH
CashManager OnLine®
CD ROM Check Imaging
Lockbox services
OnSite Deposit
Wire Transfer Service









Commercial Lending Offices





Corporate Lending Services
336-733-2752

Email








Large corporate credit and syndications









Corporate Trust





Institutional Trust Services
800-682-6902ext. 64606

Email








Investment management
Employee benefit plans
Specialty benefit services
Investment advisory services
Philanthropic services
Corporate trust services









Credit and Debit Cards





Debit Cards
800-226-5228






Associates are available from 6 am to midnight ET, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Self-services, such as ordering a new card, are available by logging on to your online banking account. 

General inquiries about your BB&T ATM or Debit Card
Report lost or stolen cards
Activate your BB&T Debit Card
Change PIN









Credit Cards
800-397-1253






Self-services, such as ordering a new card, are available by logging on to youronline banking account.Customer Service Fax: 252-296-7018Bulk Maintenance Request Fax: 252-296-7145

Report lost or stolen card
Make balance inquiries
Request a credit line increase
Ask general questions









Mail payments to:PO Box 580340Charlotte, NC 28258-0340
Inquiries:PO Box 200Wilson, NC 27893







Credit Card Connection Support
800-397-1253








Password and user ID help
Credit Card Connection technical support

Logon to Credit Card Connection







Employee Benefits





Employee Benefits Small Group Specialists

Email








Group medical (for 10 and less employees)
Ancillary group products
Life, dental, long-term disability and short-term disability
Section 125 plans

Regional Offices:

Georgia | 770-868-2513 
Kentucky | 859-422-3874 
Tennessee | 423-648-7203 
Maryland | 301-644-6558 
North Carolina | 336-733-0490 
South Carolina | 864-855-0970 
Virginia – Southwest | 276-666-3621 
Virginia – All Others | 540-665-4305 
West Virginia | 304-340-6962 









Insurance





Preferred Business Sales Center
877-643-6227

Email








Small business
Property
General liability
Business auto
Workers compensation









Claims Center
800-990-4228

Email








Claims









International Services





International Customer Service Desk
866-228-4685336-605-1560

Email







Foreign Exchange Trading Desk
800-240-2147








Letters of credit
Collections
Foreign exchange
Foreign money orders
Wire transfers

Regional Offices:

Charlotte, NC - Headquarters | 704-954-1338
Atlanta, GA | 404-422-5104
Greensboro, NC | 336-605-1583
Richmond, VA | 804-787-1315









Loans, Lines and Leasing





BB&T Commercial Finance
Locate a Local Commercial Lending Office








Asset-based lending
Factoring









Commercial Lending
Locate a Local Commercial Lending Office








General inquires about commercial lending









BB&T Equipment Finance
800-532-0354

Email








Equipment loans and leases
Payoff information
Title information

Inquiries:BB&T Equipment Finance600 Washington Ave, Suite 201Towson, MD 21204







Dealer Finance
800-226-5228

Email








General inquiries
Payoff information (dealers only)








Mail payoffs to:BB&T Dealer FinancePO Box 2306Wilson, NC 27894
Mail overnight payoffs to:BB&T Dealer Finance2713 Forest Hills Rd SWWilson, NC 27893


Mail payments with coupon to:BB&T Dealer FinancePO Box 580048Charlotte, NC 28258-0048
Mail payments without coupon to:BB&T Dealer FinancePO Box 819Wilson, NC 27894







Small Business Lending
Locate a Local Commercial Lending Office








General inquires about small business lending









Merchant Services





Merchant Services
877-672-4228

Email








Account maintenance
Order supplies
Terminal assistance
Repair, supply and retrieval requests
Charge-backs
General inquiries

Maintenance requests:PO Box 698Wilson, NC 27893







Merchant Connection Support
877-672-4228








Password and user ID issues

Logon to Merchant Connection







Payroll Services





BB&T Payroll Services
877-228-7765

Email






Associates are available 8 am to 5 pm ET, Monday through Friday. 

Payroll processing
New-hire reporting
Tax services 












Client Complaints?
Has something happened to you at BB&T that you feel wasn't handled well? If so, we want to know. BB&T has dedicated associates to receive your complaint and ensure that your concerns are investigated, addressed and responded to in a timely manner.






Call Us
Call us at 888-628-3926.
Associates are available Monday through Thursday from 9 am to 5 pm ET, and Friday from 9 am to 6 pm ET.








Email Us
CEOLine@BBandT.com








Write to Us
BB&TAttn: CEO LinePO Box 632Whiteville, NC 28472
We will begin reviewing your concern as soon as it is received by our associates. Because we want to fully investigate your concern, it may take up to 15 business days to respond from the date we receive your complaint.






Not a BB&T Client?
We would love to talk with you. Please call us at 800-BANK-BBT (800-226-5228) with your inquiry.






Contact Us




Call 800-BANK-BBT
(800-226-5228).









Locations







ZIP Code

Find


More search options













Branch Banking and Trust Company is a Member FDIC and an Equal Housing Lender. 




Only deposit products are FDIC insured.



Investment solutions are provided by Branch Banking and Trust Company, and BB&T Investment Services, Inc. BB&T Investment Services, Inc. is a wholly owned registered broker/dealer subsidiary of Branch Banking and Trust Company, Member FINRA/SIPC.



BB&T Capital Markets is a division of BB&T Securities, LLC, a wholly owned nonbank subsidiary of BB&T Corporation and Member FINRA/SIPC. Securities or insurance products and annuities sold, offered or recommended are not a deposit, not FDIC insured, not guaranteed by a bank, not guaranteed by any federal government agency and may go down in value.



Securities, Insurance and Advisory Services are:NOT A DEPOSIT • NOT FDIC-INSURED • NOT GUARANTEED BY A BANK • NOT INSURED BY ANY STATE OR FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AGENCY • MAY GO DOWN IN VALUE



BB&T Complete Client Protection

© 2017, Branch Banking and Trust Company. All rights reserved.




 
Business | BB&T Bank




SEARCHSEARCH

 




Personal


Business


Wealth





























 

Essentials

Small Business Online®
Business Credit Cards
Employee Banking Packages




Apply Online

Business Checking
Money Market Accounts
Merchant Services




Resources

Small Business Center
Business Calculators
Managing Your Cash Flow






















Online Banking

About our secure logon

Online Banking Secure Logon
	                Ensuring the security of your personal information online is a top priority for us. We encrypt both your User ID and password using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology — the highest level of protection available online. SSL converts sensitive information transmitted between your computer’s browser and BB&T into secure code that can not be read by unauthorized parties.
	                Close tooltip









User ID

Logon





	                                    Forgot User ID
	                                    
Forgot your User ID?
	                                        Call 888-BBT-ONLINE (888-228-6654) from 6 a.m. to midnight ET seven days a week.
	                                        Close tooltip


	                                 |  Forgot Password

	                                    About our secure logon
	                                    
Online Banking Secure Logon
	                                        Ensuring the security of your personal information online is a top priority for us. We encrypt both your User ID and password using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology — the highest level of protection available online. SSL converts sensitive information transmitted between your computer’s browser and BB&T into secure code that can not be read by unauthorized parties.
	                                        Close tooltip






New to Online Banking?

Learn More | Enroll Now














Open an Account








Select One

529 Education Savings
Checking
Credit Cards
Health Savings
Money Market
Mortgage
Prepaid Debit Card
Savings
Teen Prepaid Debit Card


Business Checking
Money Market Accounts


Flood
Homeowners
Jewelry
Pet
Renters
Term Life
Unemployment


Go














Business Services Logon








Choose One
ACH Control
AR Box
Association Services Web Vault
BB&T Business Rewards
BB&T Commercial Finance
BB&T OnSite Deposit
BB&T Resource Net
CashManager OnLine
Check Reorder
Commerce Gateway Receivables
Commerce Gateway Payables
Credit Card Connection
Email Encryption
F&E Client View
FX Online Trading - FXAccess
HRconnection
Lockbox Services
Insurance Client Access
Merchant Connection
Online Banking
BB&T SponsorLink
TAMLink
TradeAssist

Go














Locations







ZIP Code

Find


More search options




















Branch Banking and Trust Company is a Member FDIC and an Equal Housing Lender. 




Only deposit products are FDIC insured.



Loans, lines of credit and credit cards are subject to credit approval.



BB&T Merchant Services are subject to business type and credit approval.



Insurance products and services are offered by BB&T Insurance Services, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of BB&T Insurance Holdings, Inc.



Securities, Insurance and Advisory Services are:NOT A DEPOSIT • NOT FDIC-INSURED • NOT GUARANTEED BY A BANK • NOT INSURED BY ANY STATE OR FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AGENCY • MAY GO DOWN IN VALUE



Learn important information on FDIC insurance coverage.



BB&T Complete Client Protection

© 2017, Branch Banking and Trust Company. All rights reserved.



﻿






























BB&T Securities LLC Has $14.65 Million Stake in Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (APD) - Stock Observer













































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Air Products and Chemicals Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Air Products and Chemicals Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

Analyzing REX American Resources Corporation (REX) and Aemetis (NASDAQ:AMTX)
Third Point Reinsurance (TPRE) vs. Validus Holdings (VR) Head to Head Analysis
Analyzing EastGroup Properties (EGP) and Terreno Realty Corporation (TRNO)
AutoZone (AZO) vs. Penske Automotive Group (PAG) Head-To-Head Analysis
Avery Dennison Corporation (NYSE:AVY) Issues Quarterly  Earnings Results
BB&T Corporation (NYSE:BBT) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.79 Per Share
Clean Harbors, Inc. (CLH) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $734.58 Million
Synthetic Biologics Inc (NYSEMKT:SYN) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages
William Blair Comments on Bristol-Myers Squibb Company’s Q2 2017 Earnings (BMY)
CTS Corporation (CTS) vs. Maxwell Technologies (NASDAQ:MXWL) Head to Head Contrast
Stifel Financial Corp Takes Position in Axis Capital Holdings Limited (AXS)
Sei Investments Co. Has $136,000 Stake in American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc. (AXL)
BlackRock Inc. Buys 11,511,601 Shares of Avista Corporation (AVA)
BB&T Securities LLC Has $14.65 Million Stake in Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (APD)
QUANTRES ASSET MANAGEMENT Ltd Invests $1.70 Million in Anadarko Petroleum Corporation (APC)
Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. Buys 47,165 Shares of Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, AG (AWH)
Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Asante Solutions (PUMP)
General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) Given a $31.00 Price Target by UBS AG Analysts
Nationwide Fund Advisors Sells 13,262 Shares of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL)
Guinness Atkinson Asset Management Inc Has $5,170,000 Position in Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC)



 


BB&T Securities LLC Has $14.65 Million Stake in Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (APD)

					Posted by Francis Steltz on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments 



BB&T Securities LLC increased its position in  Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD) by 47.7% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 108,294 shares of the basic materials company’s stock after buying an additional 34,951 shares during the period. BB&T Securities LLC’s holdings in Air Products and Chemicals were worth $14,651,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Several other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in APD. Ancora Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in shares of  Air Products and Chemicals during the fourth quarter valued at about $103,000.  iAB Financial Bank purchased a new position in  Air Products and Chemicals during the first quarter worth $100,000.  Westport Asset Management Inc. purchased a new position in  Air Products and Chemicals during the fourth quarter worth $115,000.  State of Alaska Department of Revenue purchased a new position in  Air Products and Chemicals during the first quarter worth $109,000.  Finally, Sowell Financial Services LLC purchased a new position in  Air Products and Chemicals during the fourth quarter worth $117,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  89.27% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Air Products and Chemicals Inc. alerts:



Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (APD) traded up 0.07% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching $145.04. 1,284,716 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a market capitalization of $31.58 billion, a P/E ratio of 10.03 and a beta of 1.26. Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. has a 52 week low of $129.00 and a 52 week high of $150.45. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $144.49 and its 200-day moving average price is $141.83. 




Air Products and Chemicals (NYSE:APD) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The basic materials company reported $1.43 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.38 by $0.05. The company had revenue of $1.98 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.84 billion. Air Products and Chemicals had a return on equity of 19.26% and a net margin of 36.19%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 11.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $1.82 EPS.  Equities analysts forecast that  Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. will post $6.16 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, November 13th. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, October 10th will be issued a $0.95 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Friday, October 6th. This represents a $3.80 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.62%. Air Products and Chemicals’s payout ratio is currently 26.28%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was  posted by Stock Observer and is the sole property of of Stock Observer. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/25/air-products-and-chemicals-inc-apd-shares-bought-by-bbt-securities-llc-updated-updated.html. 
A number of research firms have weighed in on APD. Jefferies Group LLC  reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $155.00 price target on shares of Air Products and Chemicals in a research report on Friday, July 14th. BidaskClub lowered shares of Air Products and Chemicals from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, June 23rd. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Air Products and Chemicals from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, May 1st. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG upgraded shares of Air Products and Chemicals from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their price target for the stock from $148.00 to $160.00 in a research report on Monday, May 1st. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating and seven have issued  a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $152.85.
About Air Products and Chemicals
Air Products and Chemicals, Inc, is an industrial gases company. The Company’s Industrial Gases business provides atmospheric and process gases and related equipment to manufacturing markets, including refining and petrochemical, metals, electronics, and food and beverage. The Company is also a supplier of liquefied natural gas process technology and equipment.







Receive News & Ratings for Air Products and Chemicals Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Products and Chemicals Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Analyzing REX American Resources Corporation  and Aemetis 





Analyzing EastGroup Properties  and Terreno Realty Corporation 





Third Point Reinsurance  vs. Validus Holdings  Head to Head Analysis





AutoZone  vs. Penske Automotive Group  Head-To-Head Analysis





Clean Harbors, Inc.  Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $734.58 Million





BB&T Corporation  Expected to Post Earnings of $0.79 Per Share






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 









































BB&T Securities, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 9:57 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of BB&T Securities, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
BB&T Securities, LLC operates as a clearing company for brokerage firms. It handles the delivery and receipt of securities purchased or sold by clients; receives and distributes dividends and other distributions; and processes exchange offers, rights offerings, warrants, tender offers, and redemptions. The company also offers, sells, and recommends securities, and insurance products and annuities. BB&T Securities, LLC was formerly known as Clearview Correspondent Services, LLC and changed its name to BB&T Securities, LLC on January 1, 2013. The company is based in Richmond, Virginia. BB&T Securities, LLC operates as a subsidiary of BB&T Corporation.


901 East Byrd StreetRiverfront PlazaWest TowerRichmond, VA 23219-3310United States



Phone: 804-787-8242

www.bbtsecurities.com







Key Executives for BB&T Securities, LLC




Mr. William Rufus Yates III


      	Chief Executive Officer and President
      


Age: 60
        







Mr. Roy Leslie


      	Chief Operating Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

BB&T Securities, LLC Key Developments

The Securities and Exchange Commission Announces Enforcement Actions against 22 Municipal Underwriting Firms for Violations in Municipal Bond Offerings
Sep 30 15
The Securities and Exchange Commission announced enforcement actions against 22 municipal underwriting firms for violations in municipal bond offerings. The actions are the second round of filings against underwriters under the Municipalities Continuing Disclosure Cooperation (MCDC) Initiative, a voluntary selfreporting program targeting material misstatements and omissions in municipal bond offering documents. In present actions, the SEC found that between 2010 and 2014, the 22 underwriting firms violated federal securities laws by selling municipal bonds using offering documents that contained materially false statements or omissions about the bond issuers’ compliance with continuing disclosure obligations. The SEC also found that the underwriting firms failed to conduct adequate due diligence to identify the misstatements and omissions before offering and selling the bonds to their customers. The 22 firms, which did not admit or deny the findings, agreed to cease and desist from such violations in the future.  Under the terms of the MCDC Initiative, they will pay civil penalties based on the number and size of the fraudulent offerings identified, up to a cap based on the size of the firm. The maximum penalty imposed is $500,000.  In addition, each firm agreed to retain an independent consultant to review its policies and procedures on due diligence for municipal securities underwriting. The SEC's orders and penalty amounts are: Ameritas Investment Corp. – $200,000; BB&T Securities, LLC – $200,000; Comerica Securities, Inc. – $60,000; Commerce Bank Capital Markets Group – $40,000; Country Club Bank – $140,000; Crews & Associates, Inc. – $250,000; DuncanWilliams, Inc. – $250,000; Edward D. Jones & Co., L.P. – $100,000; Estrada Hinojosa & Company, Inc. – $40,000; Fifth Third Securities, Inc. – $20,000; The Frazer Lanier Company, Incorporated – $100,000; J.J.B. Hilliard, W.L. Lyons, LLC – $420,000; Joe Jolly & Co., Inc. – $100,000; Mesirow Financial, Inc. – $100,000; Northland Securities, Inc. – $220,000; NW Capital Markets Inc. – $100,000; PNC Capital Markets LLC – $500,000; Prager & Co., LLC – $100,000; Ross, Sinclaire & Associates, LLC – $220,000; UBS Financial Services, Inc. – $480,000; UMB Bank, N.A. Investment Banking Division – $420,000; and U.S. Bank Municipal Securities Group, a Division of U.S. Bank National Association –$60,000.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact BB&T Securities, LLC, please visit www.bbtsecurities.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























BB&T Securities


















SIPC Disclosure

IRS Non-Bank Trustee Approved Letter

Statement of Financial Condition

Order Routing & Execution Disclosure

Business Continuity Disclosure

Privacy Policy Disclosure

Options Disclosure

GSE Offering Disclosure

Electronic Municipal Market Access ("EMMA")

Mutual Fund Omnibus and Networking Fees

Annual Notice to Clients

IDP Terms & Conditions

Accounts & Services

Relationship Disclosure

Form ADV Disclosure Documents















BB&T Securities, LLC is a wholly owned nonbank subsidiary of BB&T Corporation, member FINRA/SIPC and a Registered Investment Advisor.  Securities and Insurance products and Annuities offered, sold or recommended are not a deposit, not FDIC insured, not guaranteed by a bank, not insured by any federal government agency and may lose value. To learn more about the regulatory and financial services background of the firm and its current associates, please visit FINRA BrokerCheck.
2017 © BB&T Securities, LLC








 







BB&T Securities LLC :: Law360
































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help













BB&T Securities LLC


 News & Case Alert  on BB&T Securities LLC



Services » Business Services » BB&T Securities LLC






Menu options for BB&T Securities LLC 


Everything »
News & Analysis »
New Cases »
New PTAB Cases »
Case Activity »
Outside Counsel »


                Data on cases, clients, outside counsel and individual attorneys collected from active federal civil cases. Reflects only recently published court data; not intended to be exhaustive. Not responsible for errors in court dockets.
            






×
Please assign a name to this alert






Save Alert
Cancel










News (3)


September  9, 2016
5 Marketing Mistakes That Could Foil A PE Fund
...-Squared Investments.

The SEC billed the slew of proceedings, which saw AssetMark, BB&T Securities and Banyan Partners...


August 25, 2016
SEC Rings Up F-Squared Piggybackers For $2.2M In Penalties
... Thursday's announced agreements AssetMark agreed to pay $500,000; BB&T Securities agreed to pay $200,000...


April 17, 2013
Grocer Fairway Beats Predictions With $160M Nasdaq Debut
..., Merrill Lynch, Jefferies LLC, William Blair & Co. LLC, BB&T Securities LLC, Guggenheim Securities LLC...


Cases (4)



December  5, 2016 | Texas Southern
St. Lucie County Fire District Firefighters' Pension Trust Fund v. Southwestern Energy Company et al
160(Stockholders Suits)




August 20, 2015 | Texas Southern
City of Birmingham Firemen's and Policemen's Supplemental Pension System v. Plains All American Pipeline, L.P.
850(Securities/Commodities)




January 27, 2012 | New York Western
Dow Corning Corporation et al v. BB&T Corporation et al




PTAB Cases (0)

No results


To view all the results and drill down deeper, take a free trial now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login
















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Aerospace & Defense
										

 Appellate
										

 Asset Management
										

 Automotive
										

 Banking
										

 Bankruptcy
										

 California
										

 Capital Markets
										

 Class Action
										

 Commercial Contracts
										

 Competition
										

 Consumer Protection
										

 Corporate
										

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
										

 Delaware
										

 Employment
										

 Energy
										

 Environmental
										

 Financial Services Uk
										

 Florida
										

 Food & Beverage
										

 Government Contracts
										

 Health
										

 Hospitality
										

 Illinois
										

 Immigration
										

 Insurance
										

 Insurance Uk
										

 Intellectual Property
										

 International Arbitration
										

 International Trade
										

 Law360 In Depth
										

 Legal Ethics
										

 Life Sciences
										

 Media & Entertainment
										

 Medical Malpractice
										

 Mergers & Acquisitions
										

 Native American
										

 New Jersey
										

 New York
										

 Pennsylvania
										

 Private Equity
										

 Product Liability
										

 Project Finance
										

 Public Policy
										

 Real Estate
										

 Retail & E Commerce
										

 Securities
										

 Sports
										

 Tax
										

 Technology
										

 Telecommunications
										

 Texas
										

 Transportation
										

 Trials
										

 White Collar
										





Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In
















Invest on Your Own | Retirement & Investing | BB&T Bank



Skip to main content







Search TermsClearSearch

 Close search, tabbing past this button closes search






Warning!

You Have Disabled the JavaScript in Your Browser. Kindly Enable it for the Best Experience..


×








Invest on Your Own















Enjoy the freedom and cost savings of a self-directed brokerage accountGet started by contacting us by email, phone or mail - important (moves focus down)











Trade online and make your own investment decisions with access to real-time market data, late-breaking news and company earnings reports. And you can always get help from our licensed representatives.







Best if you Like to research investments and stay abreast of the market Prefer to make your own investment decisions Want the ease and convenience of trading online Appreciate the comfort of knowing that you can get help from a BB&T licensed representative 




Benefits Open the type of account that's right for you—from personal and business retirement plans to individual and joint accounts and more Choose from a wide array of products, including stocks, bonds, mutual funds and exchange traded funds Link your BB&T checking or savings account for automatic settlement of dividends, interest payments and trades 






Pricing Open your account with a minimum of $500 Execute your trade online starting at $14.95 per transaction Place your trade with our licensed representatives for as little as $25  See our pricing guide (moves focus down) for a complete list of fees.




MarketconnectWith Marketconnect® you can place your trades and a whole lot more  Get real-time quotes, balances and holdings View dividend and interest information Compare stocks and view account histories Download and print account information and tax documents 








Whether your priorities include retirement, education, security, a life event, legacy planning—or all of these—BB&T Investment Services, Inc., has solutions to help you reach your goals.












Pricing guide
Detailed information on commission rates, transaction fees and other charges











Show moredetailed pricing guide information












Online Trading Commission Schedule    Number of SharesCommission Rate     1-500 $14.95 per transaction   500 or more $14.95 per transaction plus $0.03 per share for each share over 500 shares    






Broker Assisted Trading    Transaction AmountCommission Rate     Under $2,001 2.50%   $2,001-$15,000 1.25%   $15,000-$25,000 1.00%   $25,000-$50,000 0.75%   Over $50,000 0.25%     Minimum charge: $25








US Government Bonds Treasury Auctions – $50 per transaction Secondary Market – Fees are a factor of the coupon, size of the order, maturity date and other features of each issue. Such fees are included in the price per bond. 

Corporate BondsSecondary Market – Fees are a factor of the coupon, size of the order, maturity date, credit quality and other features of each issue. Such fees are included in the price per bond.

Municipal BondsFees are a factor of the coupon, size of the order, maturity date, credit quality and other features of each issue. Such fees are included in the price per bond.

Mutual FundsMutual funds and Unit Investment Trusts are charged as indicated in the prospectus. Commissions charged for no-load mutual funds are subject to the equities schedule.

Options Regular commission plus $0.75 per contract Option application and approval required Contact a trader at 800-453-7348, option 2 

Margin Interest Charges Under $25,000 – 1.75% + broker call rate Over $25,000 – 1.5% + broker call rate Required minimum equity is $2,000 Margin agreement required 



















Ready to get started?









PhoneArrange a meeting  800-642-8545 







OnlineLeave us your contact info and we'll call you back
Request a callback from BB&T Investment Services - most important







MailSend certificates and correspondence to: BB&T Investment Services, Inc.200 S. College St., 11th FloorCharlotte, NC 28202












Still exploring?
















Am I saving enough for retirement?


Find out if you're on track to meet your retirement goals with this handy calculator.


start of calculator 











Loading...



















How often should I do a financial check-up?


Conducting a mid-year check-up on key financial areas—budget, credit score, retirement savings, life insurance—will allow you to adjust if needed to keep your annual financial goals on track. Here are some important aspects of a financial check-up.


start of article



Conducting a financial check-up
Hold your own budget summitHas your budget changed? Evaluate your spending habits and reset goals if needed. If you got a raise or a new job, maybe you can afford to save more each month. If you don't already have a budget, start one—a mid-year financial check-up still gives you six months to make a difference.

Optimize your tax breaksAre you taking advantage of opportunities to lower your taxable income by paying into a tax-advantaged retirement account? Are you maximizing contributions to your retirement plan? For example, say you were able to contribute $18,000 in pretax dollars to your 401(k) or 403(b) in 2016. For those aged 50 and older, it's possible to make a catch-up contribution of as much as $6,000, which increases your 2016 total to $24,000.

Get reacquainted with your investmentsWhile it can be good to leave your investments alone, it's also a good idea to review your portfolio once a year. Consider your financial goals and assess risk level compared with the market's year-to-date performance and make any adjustments to keep you on pace with your financial goals.

Revisit insurance coverageAre the liability limits you have still high enough to protect your assets? If you've done any home improvements or upgrades, consider whether your policy is high enough to replace your home and possessions if needed.

Evaluate your debtLook at your credit card balances and other loans. Is your balance creeping up? Maybe you need to make some budget adjustments or consider refinancing to lower interest rates.

Estate planningEstate plans and wills only need to be reviewed every five years or so, but consider making this part of your mid-year financial check-up if a life change has happened, such as marriage, divorce, birth or death. This would also be a good time to look at life insurance and retirement account beneficiary designations to ensure they match the rest of your estate plan.

Bottom lineDoing a mid-year financial check-up might seem like a lot of work, but it will help protect you, your loved ones and everything you've worked hard for.














What mistakes am I making with my money?


Make sure you're avoiding these pitfalls to create better financial habits.


start of video










										Transcript
									

Everybody wants to have extra cash at the end of the month. Even better if there's enough to add to your savings or to put toward retirement. But in reality, that doesn't always happen. Here are six common money mistakes you can avoid to create better money habits. Mistake #1: Spending your whole paycheck Sometimes it's fun to be a big spender, but you can't do it all the time. Instead, set up automatic withdrawals to a savings account the same day your paycheck goes in. Then, you won't even have to think about saving. Mistake #2: Buying coffee every morning and eating out too often. We all have our favorite places to eat, but if you make coffee at home and eat in more often than not, you can easily save a few hundred dollars a month just by living within your means. Mistake #3: Treating your credit card like another source of income. Sure, it seems like charging one tank of gas isn't a big deal. But small things add up quickly when you don't pay off your balance every month. Mistake #4: Having zero financial goals. Yes, it's important to cultivate friendships, have fun, and to travel. But, think beyond this year. Set some long-term goals and stick to them so you can enjoy what's ahead. Mistake #5: Failing to meet your 401(k) employer match. If your boss hands you an extra three percent of your salary, you say "thanks" and take it. That's exactly what happens when your company matches a percentage of what you save toward retirement. So take the maximum your company gives you. Don't leave free money on the table. Mistake #6: Neglecting to plan for retirement. Even if your company doesn't have a retirement plan in place, start saving today. The compound interest you earn from starting now can be astronomical compared with what you'll have if you delay. So avoid these mistakes. Create good money habits now and you'll increase your quality of life today and tomorrow.






















Frequently asked questions

View the FAQ







What is a self-directed brokerage/IRA account?

Self-directed brokerage is a service that allows you to create and manage your own investment transactions.


Moreabout self-directed brokerage/IRA accounts

With a self-directed brokerage account, you'll benefit from substantial savings and still have access to a solid support system, including information online, immediate access to trading and reduced commissions.










How do I open a self-directed brokerage/IRA account?

It's easy. Get the application by calling us at 800-642-8545, option 3.


Moreabout how to open a self-directed brokerage/IRA account

You can also contact us online or visit your local BB&T branch. We will notify you when your account has been established and you can begin trading. Accounts are usually opened same day, and in most cases trading can begin immediately.










How soon can I trade after opening my brokerage account?

Accounts are usually opened same day, and in most cases trading can begin immediately.


Moreabout how soon you can trade after opening your brokerage account


Purchases: Upon receipt of your application, purchases can be made by contacting our Trading Desk at 800-642-8545, option 2. A licensed trader will be glad to assist you with placing the order as well as providing quotes, news and other market information. If requested on the application, online trading through Marketconnect can be available as soon as the next business day.
Sells: Certificates should be delivered to BB&T Investment Services, Inc., 200 S. College St., 11th Floor, Charlotte, NC 28202. Once assets are received, you may place a trade by contacting our Trading Desk at 800-642-8545, option 2, or online through Marketconnect.
Transfers: If assets are held at another firm, a transfer form should be submitted along with the application. Upon completion of the transfer, you will be contacted by a licensed trader who can assist you if needed. Purchases can be made at any time after the account is funded.











How soon can I trade after opening my IRA account?

With retirement accounts, assets must be in the account to trade.


Moreabout how soon you can trade after opening your IRA account


Purchases: Once funds are received, you may begin making purchases immediately by contacting our Trading Desk at 800-642-8545, option 2 or online through Marketconnect. If requested on the application, online trading through Marketconnect can be available as soon as the next business day.
Sells: Certificates should be delivered to BB&T Investment Services, Inc., 200 S. College St., 11th Floor, Charlotte, NC 28202. Once assets are received, you may place a trade by contacting our Trading Desk at 800-642-8545, option 2, or online through Marketconnect.
Transfers: If assets are held at another firm, a transfer form should be submitted along with the application. Upon completion of the transfer, you will be contacted by a licensed trader who can assist you, if needed. Purchases can be made at any time after the account is funded.











What types of accounts can I open?

You can choose from several types of brokerage, specialty and retirement accounts.


Moreabout what types of accounts you can open

Non-retirement accounts available include: Individual, Joint, Transfer on Death (TOD), Power of Attorney (POA), Custodial for Minor (UTMA/UGMA), Trust, Estate, Corporate, Non-Profit/Non-Corporate, Partnership/LLP, Sole Proprietorship/LLC, Investment Club, Guardian, Profit Sharing Plan, Coverdell Educational Savings Account and more. Interested in retirement? Choose between a Traditional, Roth, SIMPLE and SEP IRA.
Please select only one account type per application. Additional documents may be required depending on the account type you choose.










How do I execute a trade?

After your account has been established, we will contact you with a personalized Marketconnect user ID and temporary password that you will use to place online orders. To place an order by phone, contact a BB&T licensed representative at 800-642-8545.







How do I access Marketconnect?

Online trading is available through the Marketconnect website (opens in a new tab) or under the Personal Login menu of BBT.com.







What if I already have a brokerage/IRA account?

You can open a BB&T Investment Services, Inc., self-directed brokerage IRA regardless of how many other brokerage or IRA accounts you have.


Moreabout transferring an existing brokerage or retirement account from another firm

Please call us at 800-642-8545, option 3, or contact us online if you are interested in transferring an existing brokerage or retirement account from another firm. We will send you the necessary documents, and the transfer will be handled between the two brokerage firms or retirement custodians, respectively, with no inconvenience to you.










How do I settle my brokerage transactions?

When you open a self-directed brokerage account, you can choose one of the following three settlement options:


Moreabout the three settlement options available for settling your brokerage transactions


Provide us with written authorization to deduct payments for purchases and deposit credits for sales, dividends and interest to a BB&T checking or savings account or
Pay for purchases by check made payable to BB&T Securities, LLC and we will issue checks directly to you for your sales, dividends and interest or
Elect to keep cash invested in a money market fund to cover purchases, and we will credit any sales, dividends and interest to this money market fund

If you elect to settle by check, please include your account number on the memo line. This check should be mailed to our office prior to the settlement date. Effective June 1, 1995, the SEC adopted a set of rules that shortened the settlement time period to the third-business-day following the trade date for most securities transactions.










How do I settle my IRA transactions?

Retirement account assets must be held by a custodian. As a result, available cash and securities are not delivered to you on the settlement date. Instead, they will be held in your account.


















			Research stocks and funds
		





















Ready to get started?Open a brokerage account - important (moves focus up)





Not convinced that investing with guidance is right for you? View available ways to invest








Disclosures
						

Only deposit products are FDIC insured.
BB&T Investment Services, Inc., is a Member FINRA, Member SIPC. Learn more at www.finra.org (opens in a new tab) and www.sipc.org (opens in a new tab)
 Investment products offered through BB&T Investment Services, Inc. are:  Not a deposit Not FDIC-insured Not guaranteed by a bank Not insured by any federal government agency May go down in value  
The information provided should not be considered as tax or legal advice. Please consult with your tax advisor and/or attorney regarding your individual circumstances.
FINRA's BrokerCheck® is a free tool designed to help investors research the professional backgrounds of current and former FINRA-registered brokerage firms and brokers. Investors may access BrokerCheck by: 1. Visiting the BrokerCheck website at brokercheck.finra.org (opens in a new tab), or 2. Calling FINRA's BrokerCheck toll-free hotline at 800-289-9999 Monday through Friday from 8 am to 8 pm ET.
Market data information is obtained from third-party sources believed to be reliable, but is provided "as is" with no warranty. Market data is provided for informational purposes only, does not constitute investment advice, and may not be used for trading. Market data is for the individual use of each site guest, and may not be copied, downloaded, stored or redistributed. Quotes are delayed 15 minutes. Some index information is proprietary to the index owner. Data access and usage is subject to the terms and conditions imposed by our third-party sources. Access or use of any data indicates agreement to these terms.
BB&T Complete Client Protection





Scroll to top of page




Planning for Retirement | Retirement & Investing | BB&T Bank



Skip to main content







Search TermsClearSearch

 Close search, tabbing past this button closes search






Warning!

You Have Disabled the JavaScript in Your Browser. Kindly Enable it for the Best Experience..


×






Planning for Retirement











Set your course for a brighter future
Invest in an individual retirement account as part of your long-term financial plan.Get started by contacting BB&T Investment Services - important (moves focus down)










Start saving with an IRAIndividual retirement accounts (IRAs) may provide a tax-advantaged way for you to save for retirement, and can be a good choice if you're self-employed. Check out the IRAs offered by BB&T Investment Services, Inc., and choose one that's right for you.









Traditional IRAIdeal if you want to lower your taxable income today
 Contributions may be tax deductible Earnings grow tax deferred Withdrawals are taxed at your tax rate in retirement 
Get details about traditional IRAs - important






Roth IRAIdeal if you can save for retirement with after-tax income
 Withdrawals of contributions are tax free1 Earnings are tax exempt  Contributions are not tax deductible 
Get details about Roth IRAs - important






Rollover IRAIdeal if you've changed jobs and want to invest your retirement plan funds without incurring tax penalties
 Earnings continue to grow tax deferred  Contributions may be tax deductible  Withdrawals are taxed at your tax rate in retirement 
Get details about rollover IRAs - important








Simplified Employee Pension Plan (SEP) IRAIdeal if you're self-employed and want an easy, tax-advantaged way to save for your retirement
 Contributions are tax deductible  Earnings grow tax deferred until you make withdrawals  Employers may contribute up to 25% of compensation up to $53,000 
Get details about SEP IRAs - important






Savings Investment Match Plan (SIMPLE) IRAIdeal if you're a business owner and want a tax-advantaged way for you and your employees to save for retirement
 Employer contributions are tax deductible  Employee contributions are pre-tax  Employer cannot offer any other employer-sponsored retirement plan 
Get details about SIMPLE IRAs - important















Ready to get started?









PhoneArrange a meeting  800-642-8545 







OnlineLeave us your contact info and we'll call you back
Request a callback from BB&T Investment Services - most important







MailSend certificates and correspondence to: BB&T Investment Services, Inc.200 S. College St., 11th FloorCharlotte, NC 28202












Still exploring?
















Am I saving enough for retirement?


Find out if you're on track to meet your retirement goals with this handy calculator.


start of calculator 











Loading...



















What mistakes am I making with my money?


Make sure you're avoiding these pitfalls to create better financial habits.


start of video










										Transcript
									

Everybody wants to have extra cash at the end of the month. Even better if there's enough to add to your savings or to put toward retirement. But in reality, that doesn't always happen. Here are six common money mistakes you can avoid to create better money habits. Mistake #1: Spending your whole paycheck Sometimes it's fun to be a big spender, but you can't do it all the time. Instead, set up automatic withdrawals to a savings account the same day your paycheck goes in. Then, you won't even have to think about saving. Mistake #2: Buying coffee every morning and eating out too often. We all have our favorite places to eat, but if you make coffee at home and eat in more often than not, you can easily save a few hundred dollars a month just by living within your means. Mistake #3: Treating your credit card like another source of income. Sure, it seems like charging one tank of gas isn't a big deal. But small things add up quickly when you don't pay off your balance every month. Mistake #4: Having zero financial goals. Yes, it's important to cultivate friendships, have fun, and to travel. But, think beyond this year. Set some long-term goals and stick to them so you can enjoy what's ahead. Mistake #5: Failing to meet your 401(k) employer match. If your boss hands you an extra three percent of your salary, you say "thanks" and take it. That's exactly what happens when your company matches a percentage of what you save toward retirement. So take the maximum your company gives you. Don't leave free money on the table. Mistake #6: Neglecting to plan for retirement. Even if your company doesn't have a retirement plan in place, start saving today. The compound interest you earn from starting now can be astronomical compared with what you'll have if you delay. So avoid these mistakes. Create good money habits now and you'll increase your quality of life today and tomorrow.

















What will it take to become a millionaire?


Learn how much to invest each month to reach $1 million.


start of calculator 











Loading...



























			Research stocks and funds
		






















Managing your BB&T-administered retirement plan?
Log in to PlanTrac®












Disclosures
						

1A distribution from a Roth IRA is tax and penalty free if the 5-year aging requirement has been satisfied and one of the following conditions is met: age 59½, death, disability, qualified first time home purchase.
Only deposit products are FDIC insured.
BB&T Investment Services, Inc., is a Member FINRA, Member SIPC. Learn more at www.finra.org (opens in a new tab) and www.sipc.org (opens in a new tab)
FINRA's BrokerCheck® is a free tool designed to help investors research the professional backgrounds of current and former FINRA-registered brokerage firms and brokers. Investors may access BrokerCheck by: 1. Visiting the BrokerCheck website at brokercheck.finra.org (opens in a new tab), or 2. Calling FINRA's BrokerCheck toll-free hotline at 800-289-9999 Monday through Friday from 8 am to 8 pm ET.
The information provided should not be considered as tax or legal advice. Please consult with your tax advisor and/or attorney regarding your individual circumstances.
 Investment products offered through BB&T Investment Services, Inc. are:  Not a deposit Not FDIC-insured Not guaranteed by a bank Not insured by any federal government agency May go down in value  
Market data information is obtained from third-party sources believed to be reliable, but is provided "as is" with no warranty. Market data is provided for informational purposes only, does not constitute investment advice, and may not be used for trading. Market data is for the individual use of each site guest, and may not be copied, downloaded, stored or redistributed. Quotes are delayed 15 minutes. Some index information is proprietary to the index owner. Data access and usage is subject to the terms and conditions imposed by our third-party sources. Access or use of any data indicates agreement to these terms.
BB&T Complete Client Protection





Scroll to top of page


Brokerage Services | Retirement & Investing | BB&T Bank



Skip to main content







Search TermsClearSearch

 Close search, tabbing past this button closes search






Warning!

You Have Disabled the JavaScript in Your Browser. Kindly Enable it for the Best Experience..


×






Ways to Invest











Investing tailored to your needs
Invest on your own or get personal guidance and advice from an investment counselorGet started by contacting BB&T Investment Services, Inc. - important (moves focus down)










Choose the method that fits your investment styleFrom do-it-yourself to "help me choose," BB&T Investment Services, Inc., has solutions that provide the right level of support for the way you prefer to invest.









Invest with guidanceNeed help with your investments? Look no further than the bank you know and trust. Our Investment Counselors will help you choose the best solutions based on your needs and objectives.
 Receive individual attention and collaborative support Make appointments at your convenience at your local BB&T branch Monitor your investment and banking balances with online banking 
Get details on investing with guidance from BB&T - important






Invest on your ownPrefer to make your own investment decisions? With a self-directed brokerage account, you can enjoy the convenience and freedom of trading online and access to a solid support system.
 Get real-time quotes, balances and holdings with Marketconnect® Place your trades online starting at $14.95 per transaction Link your BB&T checking or savings account for automatic settlement 
Get details on investing on your own - important











Get to know usAs a subsidiary of Branch Banking and Trust Company—one of the nation's largest and most respected financial institutions—we can support you with resources and expertise that begin with a customized investment strategy but extend much further. Wherever you are in your financial journey, we'll help you move forward in ways that work for you. Should you choose to invest with guidance, you'll benefit from a comprehensive, fully integrated financial strategy customized to your goals. If you prefer to invest on your own, our support system is still available to you anytime you need it. We're committed to helping you reach your goals—whatever they may be.  Whether your priorities include retirement, education, security, a life event, legacy planning—or all of these—BB&T Investment Services, Inc., has solutions to help you reach your goals.












Ready to get started?









PhoneArrange a meeting  800-642-8545 







OnlineLeave us your contact info and we'll call you back
Request a callback from BB&T Investment Services - most important







MailSend certificates and correspondence to: BB&T Investment Services, Inc.200 S. College St., 11th FloorCharlotte, NC 28202












Still exploring?
















What will it take to become a millionaire?


Learn how much to invest each month to reach $1 million.


start of calculator 











Loading...



















How can I optimize my available cash?


Learn how our sweep account can put your extra cash to work around the clock.


start of video





















Am I saving enough for retirement?


Find out if you're on track to meet your retirement goals with this handy calculator.


start of calculator 











Loading...



























			Research stocks and funds
		



















Disclosures
						

Only deposit products are FDIC insured.
BB&T Investment Services, Inc., is a Member FINRA, Member SIPC. Learn more at www.finra.org (opens in a new tab) and www.sipc.org (opens in a new tab)
 Investment products offered through BB&T Investment Services, Inc. are:  Not a deposit Not FDIC-insured Not guaranteed by a bank Not insured by any federal government agency May go down in value  
The information provided should not be considered as tax or legal advice. Please consult with your tax advisor and/or attorney regarding your individual circumstances.
FINRA's BrokerCheck® is a free tool designed to help investors research the professional backgrounds of current and former FINRA-registered brokerage firms and brokers. Investors may access BrokerCheck by: 1. Visiting the BrokerCheck website at brokercheck.finra.org (opens in a new tab), or 2. Calling FINRA's BrokerCheck toll-free hotline at 800-289-9999 Monday through Friday from 8 am to 8 pm ET.
Market data information is obtained from third-party sources believed to be reliable, but is provided "as is" with no warranty. Market data is provided for informational purposes only, does not constitute investment advice, and may not be used for trading. Market data is for the individual use of each site guest, and may not be copied, downloaded, stored or redistributed. Quotes are delayed 15 minutes. Some index information is proprietary to the index owner. Data access and usage is subject to the terms and conditions imposed by our third-party sources. Access or use of any data indicates agreement to these terms.
BB&T Complete Client Protection





Scroll to top of page







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














bb&t securities llc - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










LegalZoom Is Here To Help - Get Started On Your LLC Today



Ad
 ·
www.legalzoom.com/​llc



LegalZoom is Trusted & Experienced. Get Started Today!





How To Start An LLC



LLC Pricing Packages




LLC or Corporation?



LLC FAQs





Open a KeyBank Checking - Account Today And Receive $200



Ad
 ·
www.key.com/​Checking



Find the Best Checking Account to Fit Your Financial Needs. Apply Online Today!





Online & Mobile Banking



Apply Online Now




KeyBank Promotion



Earn Reward Points





Form An LLC At Incorporate.com - Explore The Advantages Here



Ad
 ·
www.incorporate.com/​llc



Protect Your Personal Assets, Gain Tax Advantages and More In Minutes.





3 Step Process



Start Your Business



Ready To Incorporate?



LLC vs. Corporation





Searches related tobb&t securities llc



bb&t securities log in


scott & stringfellow log in


bb&t securities phone number


scott stringfellow my accounts



bb&t securities richmond


bb and t securities


bb&t


scott and stringfellow bb&t




Web Results

BB&T Securities

www.bbtsecurities.com


BB&T Securities, LLC is a wholly owned nonbank subsidiary of BB&T Corporation, member FINRA/SIPC and a Registered Investment Advisor. Securities and Insurance ...



Important Tax Information



Disclosures



BB&T Securities



BB&T Securities, LLC

https://www.sec.gov/litigation/admin/2016/ia-4506.pdf


Stringfellow, LLC, a Division of BB&T Securities, previously was registered with the Commission as an investment adviser from February 1992 through January 2013, ...


BB&T Securities, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=...


BB&T Securities, LLC company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Bb&t Securities LLC in Richmond, VA | US News Financial ...

https://money.usnews.com/.../firm/bb&t-securities-llc-142785


Learn more about financial advisors at Bb&t Securities LLC with the US News Advisor Finder.


BB&T Securities, LLC

bbtscottstringfellow.com/media/default/pdf/SOFC2016_Audited.pdf


BB&T Securities, LLC (a wholly-owned subsidiary of BB&T Corporation): In our opinion, the accompanying Statement of Financial Condition presents fairly, in all material


BB&T Securities

https://secure.bbtscottstringfellow.com


BB&T Scott & Stringfellow is a division of BB&T Securities, LLC a member FINRA/SIPC and is a wholly-owned nonbank subsidiary of BB&T Corporation.


BB&T Securities

https://secure.bbtscottstringfellow.com/Pages/Login.aspx?ReturnUrl...


BB&T Scott & Stringfellow is a division of BB&T Securities, LLC a member FINRA/SIPC and is a wholly-owned nonbank subsidiary of BB&T Corporation.


BB&T Scott & Stringfellow

www.bbtscottstringfellow.com


BB&T Scott & Stringfellow is a division of BB&T Securities, LLC, member FINRA / SIPC. BB&T Securities, LLC is a wholly owned nonbank subsidiary of BB&T Corporation.


Bb&T Securities, LLC - Financial Services Firm, Richmond ...

https://www.brightscope.com/.../firm/242574/Bbt-Securities-LLC


Contact Bb&T Securities, LLC or view Bb&T Securities, LLC's ratings, investment advice, financial planning and insurance services, and get detailed information on ...










LegalZoom Is Here To Help - Get Started On Your LLC Today



Ad
 ·
www.legalzoom.com/​llc



LegalZoom is Trusted & Experienced. Get Started Today!





How To Start An LLC



LLC Pricing Packages




LLC or Corporation?



LLC FAQs





Open a KeyBank Checking - Account Today And Receive $200



Ad
 ·
www.key.com/​Checking



Find the Best Checking Account to Fit Your Financial Needs. Apply Online Today!





Online & Mobile Banking



Apply Online Now




KeyBank Promotion



Earn Reward Points





Form An LLC At Incorporate.com - Explore The Advantages Here



Ad
 ·
www.incorporate.com/​llc



Protect Your Personal Assets, Gain Tax Advantages and More In Minutes.





3 Step Process



Start Your Business



Ready To Incorporate?



LLC vs. Corporation




Searches related tobb&t securities llc



bb&t securities log in


scott & stringfellow log in


bb&t securities phone number


scott stringfellow my accounts



bb&t securities richmond


bb and t securities


bb&t


scott and stringfellow bb&t




12345Next






Answers







BB&T



own more of AMRisc. On April 2, 2015, BB&T subsidiary CRC Insurance Services Inc. said it would buy the strategic assets of Napco LLC, a broker of...

more






American Securities



American Securities LLC—originally named American Securities Capital Partners (ASCP) 1994 - 2008—is a leading U.S. private equity firm—based in New York...

more






ADS Securities



ADS Securities LLC is a private financial services firm in Abu Dhabi that offers commodity trading (precious metals such as gold, platinum, silver, and...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








