















Home | Beach Point Capital Management












Beach Point Capital







Discover Opportunity
investment beyond the traditional





Manage Risk
investment beyond the traditional





Navigate Complexity
investment beyond the traditional





© 2017 Beach Point Capital Management
Terms and Conditions









 

















Team | Beach Point Capital Management












Beach Point Capital






Team

who we are







Find Strength In Stability
Investment Beyond the Traditional
Active leadership of our founding partners, exceptionally low turnover of our senior investment team and long-standing institutional clients contribute to reliability and consistency.





Founding Partners




Carl Goldsmith
Founding Partner and Co-Chief Investment Officer
Carl Goldsmith is a Founding Partner, Co-CEO and Co-Chief Investment Officer. Since 1992, Mr. Goldsmith has been managing high yield bonds, bank loans and distressed debt portfolios and restructuring companies in financial distress. Prior to founding Beach Point Capital, Mr. Goldsmith was the Senior Investment Officer at Post Advisory Group. During his 15 years at Post Advisory, he helped the firm grow from under $100 million in assets to over $10 billion. Mr. Goldsmith was responsible for co-running the alternative business of Post Advisory and co-managing the Total Return, Distressed Debt, and Corporate Loan strategies. In the early 1990s, Mr. Goldsmith worked in the Bankruptcy Support and Valuation departments at Price Waterhouse, where he advised debtors and creditors in bankruptcy restructurings. Mr. Goldsmith received a bachelor’s degree in economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and a J.D. from the UCLA School of Law.





Scott Klein
Founding Partner and Co-Chief Investment Officer
Scott Klein is a Founding Partner, Co-CEO and Co-Chief Investment Officer. Mr. Klein has been managing high yield bonds, bank loans and distressed debt portfolios and working on corporate restructurings for over 25 years. Before founding Beach Point Capital, Mr. Klein was Senior Managing Director at Post Advisory Group, where he spent over a decade helping grow the company from under $200 million in assets to over $10 billion. Mr. Klein was responsible for co-running the alternative business of Post Advisory and co-managing the Total Return, Distressed Debt, and Corporate Loan strategies. In the early 1990s, Mr. Klein spent several years as a bankruptcy attorney advising bondholders and creditors’ committees in Chapter 11 cases. Mr. Klein currently serves on the Board of Governors of Cedars Sinai Medical Center. Mr. Klein received dual bachelor’s degrees in economics and political science from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania where he graduated magna cum laude, and a J.D. from the UCLA School of Law where he served on the Law Review.





Executive Team
Investment Team
Investor Relations




Executive Team





Carl Goldsmith
Founding Partner and Co-Chief Investment Officer




Carl Goldsmith is a Founding Partner, Co-CEO and Co-Chief Investment Officer. Since 1992, Mr. Goldsmith has been managing high yield bonds, bank loans and distressed debt portfolios and restructuring companies in financial distress. Prior to founding Beach Point Capital, Mr. Goldsmith was the Senior Investment Officer at Post Advisory Group. During his 15 years at Post Advisory, he helped the firm grow from under $100 million in assets to over $10 billion. Mr. Goldsmith was responsible for co-running the alternative business of Post Advisory and co-managing the Total Return, Distressed Debt, and Corporate Loan strategies. In the early 1990s, Mr. Goldsmith worked in the Bankruptcy Support and Valuation departments at Price Waterhouse, where he advised debtors and creditors in bankruptcy restructurings. Mr. Goldsmith received a bachelor’s degree in economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and a J.D. from the UCLA School of Law.







Scott Klein
Founding Partner and Co-Chief Investment Officer




Scott Klein is a Founding Partner, Co-CEO and Co-Chief Investment Officer. Mr. Klein has been managing high yield bonds, bank loans and distressed debt portfolios and working on corporate restructurings for over 25 years. Before founding Beach Point Capital, Mr. Klein was Senior Managing Director at Post Advisory Group, where he spent over a decade helping grow the company from under $200 million in assets to over $10 billion. Mr. Klein was responsible for co-running the alternative business of Post Advisory and co-managing the Total Return, Distressed Debt, and Corporate Loan strategies. In the early 1990s, Mr. Klein spent several years as a bankruptcy attorney advising bondholders and creditors’ committees in Chapter 11 cases. Mr. Klein currently serves on the Board of Governors of Cedars Sinai Medical Center. Mr. Klein received dual bachelor’s degrees in economics and political science from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania where he graduated magna cum laude, and a J.D. from the UCLA School of Law where he served on the Law Review.







Thomas Boyack
Chief Financial Officer




Thomas Boyack is Chief Financial Officer at Beach Point Capital Management. Mr. Boyack has been in the industry since 1997. Prior to Beach Point Capital, he was Chief Financial Officer for Post Advisory Group. Mr. Boyack has also served in similar roles at Akanthos Capital Management and Psetta Capital Management. Previously, Mr. Boyack spent several years as a senior manager in Ernst & Young’s Financial Services Group serving investment advisors, hedge funds and mutual funds. Mr. Boyack received a bachelor’s degree in accounting, magna cum laude from Brigham Young University and a J.D. Mr. Boyack also received a LL.M in Business Taxation, with honors from Golden Gate University, and is a member of the State Bar of California.







Darshan Desai
Chief Operating Officer




Darshan Desai is the Chief Operating Officer for Beach Point Capital Management. Mr. Desai oversees the Operations, Risk and Technology departments of the firm. Mr. Desai has been in the industry since 1999. Prior to joining Beach Point, he worked at BATS Exchange as an analyst, where he designed and constructed equity indices. Mr. Desai constructed the BATS 1000 index and is named on the patent. Mr. Desai started his career at York Capital Management where he held various positions within the firm including Vice President and Global Head of Operations from 1999 through 2008. While at York, he was responsible for managing operations in New York, London, Singapore and Hong Kong. Mr. Desai received a bachelor’s degree from Pace University with a major in Finance.







Lawrence Goldman
Chief Administrative Officer and General Counsel




Larry Goldman is Chief Administrative Officer and General Counsel for Beach Point Capital Management. Mr. Goldman has been in the industry since 1986. Prior to Beach Point he was Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Legal Officer at Post Advisory Group. Mr. Goldman was previously at AIG SunAmerica, where he served in various roles including Senior Vice President and General Counsel. Prior to AIG SunAmerica, he worked for eight years at the law firm of O’Melveny & Myers, specializing in banking, finance, and corporate law.  Mr. Goldman serves on the Board of Directors of Ride On Therapeutic Horsemanship, a 501(c)(3) organization which supports adaptive horseback riding for children and adults with physical and cognitive disabilities. Mr. Goldman received a bachelor’s degree in economics from the University of California, San Diego and a J.D. from Boalt Hall School of Law at the University of California, Berkeley.







John Quintanar
Managing Director




John Quintanar leads the Investor Relations team at Beach Point Capital Management. He has been with the team for over a decade. Mr. Quintanar has been in the industry since 1999. Prior to Beach Point he was Director of Development and Government Relations at the Milken Institute. Prior to that, Mr. Quintanar served as Staff Director for United States House of Representatives member Grace F. Napolitano. Mr. Quintanar received a bachelor’s degree from Whittier College.







David Rosenblum
Chief Compliance Officer and Associate General Counsel




David Rosenblum is Chief Compliance Officer and Associate General Counsel for Beach Point Capital Management. Mr. Rosenblum oversees the firm’s compliance program and legal matters related to the funds and accounts managed by the firm. Mr. Rosenblum has been in the industry since 1997. Prior to his current role with Beach Point Capital, Mr. Rosenblum served as Chief Compliance Officer and Assistant General Counsel for Post Advisory Group and was previously in-house counsel at AIG SunAmerica. Prior to AIG SunAmerica, Mr. Rosenblum spent several years working at law firms, including Paul Hastings and Perkins Coie, where he specialized in corporate finance. Mr. Rosenblum received a bachelor’s degree from Emory University and a J.D. from the Ohio State College of Law, where he graduated summa cum laude.






Investment Team





Robert Berzins 
Portfolio Strategist




Robert Berzins serves as Portfolio Strategist focused on opportunistic credit mandates. Additionally, Mr. Berzins is the head of the firm’s London office. Mr. Berzins has been in the high yield industry since 1992. Prior to Beach Point, he was a Managing Director with Post Advisory Group. Earlier, at Lehman Brothers, he served as a Managing Director and Portfolio Manager with responsibility for a several billion dollar portfolio. Before beginning his Wall Street career, Mr. Berzins worked at Group W Broadcasting and Cable, a leading U.S. media company. Mr. Berzins received a bachelor’s degree in operations research from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology as well as an MBA with Honors and a J.D. from Boston University.







Sinjin Bowron 
Portfolio Manager




Sinjin Bowron is a Portfolio Manager focused on the high yield and senior bank loan market. Mr. Bowron has been investing in high yield bonds and leveraged loans since 1999. Prior to Beach Point he was a Senior Vice President at Metropolitan West Asset Management and Trust Company of the West (TCW) overseeing credit research in various industries. He was also previously a credit analyst at PIMCO where he covered several sectors. Mr. Bowron received a bachelor’s degree in history from Harvard University and an MBA from the University of Chicago where he specialized in finance, economics and financial accounting.







Kathy Choi
Portfolio Manager




Kathy Choi is a Portfolio Manager focused on opportunistic credit mandates. Mrs. Choi has been in the industry since 1991. Prior to Beach Point she was a Managing Director at Post Advisory Group where she spent eight years focusing on a variety of high yield and distressed investments. She was previously a Senior Research Analyst for three years at DDJ Capital Management where she analyzed high yield and distressed investments. Mrs. Choi has also worked at Salomon Brothers as an Associate in the High Yield Capital Markets group and as a Financial Analyst in the Mergers and Acquisitions group. Mrs. Choi received a bachelor’s degree in economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and an MBA from Harvard University.







Ben Hunsaker 
Portfolio Manager




Ben Hunsaker is a Portfolio Manager focused on securitized credit. Mr. Hunsaker has been in the industry since 2006, most recently as a Portfolio Manager at Western Asset Management (WAMCO) where he was responsible for structured products. Prior to WAMCO, he was a Senior Analyst at Countrywide Securities Corporation in the structured finance and banking group responsible for securitizing ABS and MBS. Mr. Hunsaker is also a CFA charterholder and GARP certified Financial Risk Manager. Mr. Hunsaker is the co-chairman of the board of directors for the non-profit organization Uncommon Good and serves on the Board of Directors for Visio Financial Services. Mr. Hunsaker received a bachelor’s degree in economics and accounting from Claremont McKenna College and an MBA from the Drucker School of Management at Claremont University.







William Kozicki 
Portfolio Manager




William Kozicki is a Portfolio Manager focused on the senior bank loan and high yield market. Mr. Kozicki has been in the industry since 1996. Prior to Beach Point he was a Senior Investment Analyst at Post Advisory Group responsible for various aspects of its bank loan platform. He was previously Vice President of Leveraged Loan Investments at AIG for five years, where he helped manage bank loan investments across a wide range of industries. Mr. Kozicki previously served in various financial and investment analysis roles at Merrill Lynch High Yield Investment Banking, Bank of America Mezzanine Investments Group and Warner Brothers Strategic Planning. Mr. Kozicki graduated magna cum laude and received a bachelor’s degree with a dual concentration in finance and entrepreneurial management from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.







Jacob Rothman
Portfolio Manager




Jacob Rothman is a Portfolio Manager focused on opportunistic credit mandates. Mr. Rothman has been investing in distressed and private equity since 1998. Prior to Beach Point he was a Principal at Watershed Asset Management focusing on distressed investments. He was previously a Portfolio Manager at Canvas Capital. Mr. Rothman also worked at Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. on private equity transactions and Morgan Stanley in the corporate finance and Mergers and Acquisitions groups. Mr. Rothman received a bachelor’s degree in economics with a minor in accounting from the University of California, Los Angeles.







Allan Schweitzer
Portfolio Manager




Allan Schweitzer is a Portfolio Manager focused on opportunistic credit mandates. Mr. Schweitzer has been in the industry since 1993. Prior to Beach Point he was Chief Investment Officer and Senior Portfolio Manager at Post Advisory Group where he specialized in High Yield securities. He was previously a senior high yield analyst at Trust Company of the West (TCW) where he specialized in healthcare, media, and the telecommunications industries. In prior years, he was an emerging market corporate credit analyst at Putnam Investments where he also designed global fixed income risk models. He currently serves on the Curtis School Board of Trustees and the Board of Directors for FasterCures, a 501(c)(3) organization. Mr. Schweitzer is a CPA (inactive). Mr. Schweitzer received a bachelor’s degree in business administration from Washington University at St. Louis and his MBA from the University of Chicago with a concentration in analytical finance and international economics.







Ken Wolfe 
Portfolio Manager 




Ken Wolfe is a Portfolio Manager focused on opportunistic credit mandates. Mr. Wolfe has been investing in high yield bonds and distressed credits since 1998. Prior to Beach Point he was a Senior Investment Analyst at Post Advisory Group. Mr. Wolfe was previously a Research Analyst at Ares Management where he invested in bank debt, high yield and distressed investments, primarily in the automotive and industrial/manufacturing sectors. Earlier, he was an Analyst in the investment banking group at Jefferies & Company, where he worked on a variety of corporate finance transactions. Mr. Wolfe received a bachelor’s degree in economics with dual concentration in finance and accounting from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.







Michael Haynes 
Managing Director 




Michael Haynes is a Managing Director focused on private debt and special situation investing as well as sourcing new investment opportunities and performing fundamental research and company analysis. Mr. Haynes, who has been in the finance industry since 1996, is the head of the firm’s New York office. Prior to Beach Point he was a Director at Post Advisory Group. Mr. Haynes was previously at Babcock & Brown where he was responsible for principal investing and advisory assignments involving debt and equity across a range of industries and asset types. Earlier, he was the Vice President & Treasurer of Sirius Satellite Radio, where he was responsible for raising capital, strategic planning, and investor relations. Mr. Haynes has also served as an Investment Banker at Merrill Lynch and Oppenheimer. He currently serves on the board of advisors of the Tufts University Athletics Department. Mr. Haynes received a bachelor’s degree from Tufts University.







Andrew Hendel 
Managing Director




Andrew Hendel is a Managing Director focused on sourcing new investment opportunities and performing fundamental research and company analysis. Mr. Hendel has been working in the industry since 2006, most recently at Oak Hill Capital Partners where he focused on Media & Telecom private equity investments and before that at Morgan Stanley in its investment banking division. Mr. Hendel received a bachelor’s degree, with distinction, and a master’s degree in management science and engineering from Stanford University, where he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa and Tau Beta Pi.

 







Brian Himot 
Managing Director




Brian Himot is a Managing Director focused on sourcing new investment opportunities and performing fundamental research and company analysis. Mr. Himot has been in the industry since 2006. Prior to Beach Point, Mr. Himot was a Vice President at Banc of America Securities in the New Product Development Group and prior to that was an associate at the law firm of O’Melveny & Myers focusing on corporate tax in Los Angeles and New York. Mr. Himot graduated magna cum laude from the University of Southern California with a bachelor’s degree in political science, cum laude from Harvard Law School with a J.D. and with honors from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania with an MBA concentrating in finance.







Gary Hobart 
Managing Director 




Gary Hobart is a Managing Director focused on private debt and special situation investing and oversees debt restructuring and legal research of investment portfolios. Mr. Hobart has been in the industry since 1992 and has served on numerous creditors’ committees and other groups leading distressed debt restructurings. Prior to Beach Point, he was a Director at Post Advisory Group and before that an Investment Officer in the leveraged finance group of Trust Company of the West (TCW). Mr. Hobart also served as an Investment Banking Officer with Wasserstein Perella, and as a corporate finance and bankruptcy attorney with Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy. Mr. Hobart received a bachelor’s degree from the University of California, Los Angeles and a J.D. from the Georgetown University.







Dan Krup
Managing Director




Daniel Krup is a Managing Director focused on securitized credit. Mr. Krup has been in the industry since 2003, most recently as a Director at 400 Capital Management where he oversaw non-mortgage ABS and special situations investments. Prior to 400 Capital, he was a Senior Analyst at Western Asset Management Company. Mr. Krup began his career at Lehman Brothers, where he served in various roles in the Structured Finance Investment Banking and Principal Opportunities groups. Mr. Krup is a CFA Charterholder and received a bachelor’s degree in economics from the University of Pennsylvania.







William Lynch 
Senior Trader and Managing Director




William Lynch is a Senior Trader and Managing Director focused on managing trading relationships and executing market transactions. Mr. Lynch has been in the industry since 2000. Prior to Beach Point he was as a Trader at Post Advisory Group. Mr. Lynch previously worked at JPMorgan Chase where he supported fixed income trading desks in a revenue control function. Mr. Lynch received a bachelor’s degree from the University of Delaware.







David Seay
Senior Trader and Managing Director




David Seay is a Senior Trader and Managing Director focused on managing trading relationships and executing market transactions. Mr. Seay has been trading fixed income securities since 1999, most recently as a Director of U.S. High Yield Corporate Bond Trading at UBS Securities LLC where he has held various Director of Corporate Bond Trading positions. He previously was an Associate Vice President of Corporate Bond Trading at PPM America, Inc. Mr. Seay graduated, with honors, from Principia College where he received a bachelor’s degree with dual concentrations in International Relations and Economics and a minor in Asian Studies.







Joseph Fabiani 
Vice President




Joseph Fabiani is a Vice President. Mr. Fabiani focuses on special situations and private debt transactions. He is an integral part of the debt restructuring and legal research function for the investment team. Mr. Fabiani has been working in the distressed debt industry since 2007. He previously practiced law as a bankruptcy and restructuring attorney at Latham & Watkins LLP. Mr. Fabiani holds a bachelor’s degree in economics, summa cum laude, from the University of Pennsylvania and a J.D. from Harvard.









Jamie Park 
Vice President




Jamie Park is a Vice President focused on the senior bank loan and high yield market. Ms. Park has been analyzing senior bank loans and high yield securities since 2005. Prior to Beach Point she was an Analyst at Post Advisory Group and before that as a Credit Research Analyst at AIG Global Investment Group (AIGGIG). Her primary responsibilities at AIGGIG included analyzing and monitoring credits in the global telecommunications, cable/satellite, and broadcasting industries. She previously worked at Comerica Bank as a credit analyst and with AIG SunAmerica as a Financial Analyst. Ms. Park has passed all four parts of the CPA exam. Ms. Park received a bachelor’s degree from UCLA.







Niraj Patel 
Vice President




Niraj Patel is a Vice President focused on sourcing new investment opportunities and performing fundamental research and company analysis. Mr. Patel has been in the industry since 2006, most recently as Vice President at MatlinPatterson Global Advisers, both in London and New York, where focused on distressed and special situation investments across a variety of sectors. He was previously at Merrill Lynch in its investment banking division. Mr. Patel received a bachelor’s degree in natural sciences from Cambridge University.







Lawrence Sadaka 
Vice President




Lawrence Sadaka is a Vice President focused on sourcing new investment opportunities and performing fundamental research and company analysis. Mr. Sadaka has been in the industry since 2005, most recently at Goldman Sachs in their Investment Banking and Fixed Income Divisions. Mr. Sadaka received a bachelor’s degree in philosophy and economics from Washington University in St. Louis and an MBA from Harvard Business School.







Patrick Sheffield 
Vice President




Patrick Sheffield is a Vice President focused on sourcing new investment opportunities and performing fundamental research and company analysis. Mr. Sheffield has been in the industry since 2005. Prior to Beach Point, Mr. Sheffield was at Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. (KKR), where he worked on Retail and Infrastructure private equity investments. He also worked in the Mergers and Acquisitions group at Morgan Stanley. Mr. Sheffield received a bachelor’s degree in economics, cum laude, from Harvard University and an MBA from Stanford Graduate School of Business.







Alan Chao
Senior Analyst




Alan Chao is a Senior Analyst focused on securitized credit. Mr. Chao has been in the industry since 2004, most recently as an Associate at Credit Suisse in New York focusing on securitized product structuring and collateral analysis. Prior to Credit Suisse, he was a Vice President at Mortgage Industry Advisory Corp (MIAC) in the capital markets group. Prior to MIAC, he was a Portfolio Analyst at EverBank Financial. Mr. Chao is a CFA charterholder and received a bachelor’s degree in business administration from National Taipei University and master’s degree in finance from the University of Florida.







Hubert Chu 
Senior Analyst 




Hubert Chu is a Senior Analyst focused on sourcing new investment opportunities and performing fundamental research and company analysis. Mr. Chu has been in the industry since 2005. Prior to Beach Point, he was a Vice President at Goldman Sachs Asset Management in Singapore, where he focused on credit investments in Asia. He was previously an Associate at General Atlantic, where he worked on private equity investments across a variety of sectors. Mr. Chu has also held roles in Technology Mergers and Acquisitions at UBS Investment Bank and as an engineer at NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory. Mr. Chu received a bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering from Stanford University and an MBA from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.







Jenny Zhan 
Senior Analyst 




Jenny Zhan is a Senior Analyst focused on sourcing new investment opportunities and performing fundamental research and company analysis. Ms. Zhan has been in the industry since 2010. Prior to Beach Point, Ms. Zhan worked at Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. (KKR) in San Francisco where she focused on credit investments in the Healthcare and Education sectors. She also was an investment banking analyst at UBS in the Leveraged Finance group in New York. Ms. Zhan is a CFA Charterholder. Ms. Zhan received dual bachelor’s degrees in economics and international studies, magna cum laude, from the Wharton School and the College of Arts and Sciences of the University of Pennsylvania.







Daniel Gurvich 
Analyst 




Daniel Gurvich is an Analyst focused on sourcing new investment opportunities and performing fundamental research and company analysis. Mr. Gurvich has been in the industry since 2012. Prior to Beach Point, he was an Associate in Investment Banking at Credit Suisse. Mr. Gurvich received a bachelor’s degree from the University of Michigan’s Ross School of Business.







Bryan Kurnoff
Analyst




Bryan Kurnoff is an Analyst focused on sourcing new investment opportunities and performing fundamental research and company analysis. Mr. Kurnoff has been in the industry since 2011. Prior to Beach Point, Mr. Kurnoff served as an Associate at Oaktree Capital. Before Oaktree, he was an investment banker at Moelis & Company focusing on mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Kurnoff received a bachelor’s degree in business economics, magna cum laude from the University of California, Los Angeles.







Nils Oppel 
Analyst 




Nils Oppel is an Analyst focused on sourcing new investment opportunities and performing fundamental research and company analysis. Mr. Oppel has been in the industry since 2013, most recently working at Evercore in the Restructuring and Debt Advisory Group. Mr. Oppel received a bachelor’s degree in economics, with distinction, from Maastricht University, Netherlands and a master’s degree in finance from the University of Cambridge, United Kingdom. Mr. Oppel who is a German citizen also studied at the University of California, Berkeley.







Aparajita Tripathi 
Analyst




Aparajita Tripathi is an Analyst focused on sourcing new investment opportunities and performing fundamental research and company analysis. Ms. Tripathi has been in the industry since 2013. Prior to Beach Point, she worked at Greenhill & Co. in New York in their Mergers and Acquisitions and Restructuring group. Ms. Tripathi holds a bachelor’s degree, cum laude, from Harvard University.







William Brooks 
Senior Portfolio Analyst 




William Brooks is a Senior Portfolio Analyst focused on analysis of position level portfolio data. Mr. Brooks has been in the industry since 1996. Prior to Beach Point, he was an Analyst at Post Advisory Group and before that he worked as an Analyst at Allegiance Capital Management and a Corporate Actions Manager at Putnam Investments. Mr. Brooks received his bachelor’s degree and MBA in finance from Pepperdine University.









Tahar Betbout 
Trader




Tahar Betbout is a Trader dedicated to helping execute market transactions. Mr. Betbout has been in the industry since 2011. Prior to Beach Point, Mr. Betbout worked at Crescent Capital Group and Barclay Investments in a similar capacity. Mr. Betbout graduated magna cum laude from the University of South Carolina with a double major in International Business and Marketing and a minor in French.







Jordan Fettman 
Director – F/X 




Jordan Fettman is a Director – F/X focused on overseeing currency hedging for Beach Point’s portfolios. Mr. Fettman has been in the industry since 2007. Prior to Beach Point, he spent over five years as a Foreign Exchange Trader at Payden & Rygel. He has also held roles at Western Asset Management and the Kessler Companies. Mr. Fettman has been a CFA Charterholder since 2012 and received a bachelor’s degree in business administration with a concentration in finance from the University of Colorado.







Ashish Dasaur 
Senior Risk Analyst 




Ashish Dasaur is a Senior Risk Analyst responsible for analyzing portfolios and quantifying risk. Mr. Dasaur has been in the industry since 2007, most recently as Associate Vice President at Altegris Advisors where he was responsible for quantitative analysis and risk management. He was previously at PAAMCO where he was a Senior Risk Analyst focusing on credit, fixed income and equity strategies and at Deloitte Consulting. Mr. Dasaur has passed the CAIA exams. Mr. Dasaur received a bachelor’s degree in information and computer science with honors in three years from the University of California, Irvine.







Dali Cao 
Risk Analyst 




Dali Cao is a Risk Analyst responsible for analyzing portfolios and quantifying risk. Ms. Cao has been in the industry since 2011. Prior to Beach Point, Ms. Cao worked at Payden & Rygel as a Portfolio Architecture Analyst where she oversaw firm-wide risk analytics and data integrity. Ms. Cao received a bachelor’s degree from Cornell College with a double major in Mathematics and Economics and a master’s degree in financial engineering from Claremont Graduate University.






Investor Relations





John Quintanar
Managing Director




John Quintanar is Managing Director of Investor Relations for Beach Point Capital Management. Mr. Quintanar has been in the industry for over 15 years. Prior to Beach Point he was Director – Relationship Management at Post Advisory Group. Mr. Quintanar was previously at Affinity Investment Advisors where he was responsible for all marketing and retention of public and corporate pension funds. Before joining Affinity, Mr. Quintanar was Director of Business Development and Government Relations at the Milken Institute. Prior to that, Mr. Quintanar served as Staff Director for United States House of Representatives member Grace F. Napolitano where he was responsible for the organization and management of legislative and constituent staff. Mr. Quintanar received a bachelor’s degree from Whittier College and attended Harvard University.







Zach Axelrod
Managing Director




Zach Axelrod is Managing Director of Investor Relations for Beach Point Capital Management. Prior to Beach Point, he was a Vice President at EnTrust Capital where he focused on distressed and special situations investments. Before EnTrust, Mr. Axelrod was an attorney in the Creditors’ Rights and Bankruptcy department at Kasowitz Benson Torres & Friedman LLP where he advised corporations and creditors’ committees in restructurings and bankruptcies. Prior to Kasowitz, Mr. Axelrod was an attorney at Proskauer Rose LLP. Mr. Axelrod received a bachelor’s degree from Emory University and a J.D. from the University of California, Hastings College of the Law.







Mike Carter
Senior Director




Mike Carter is Senior Director of Investor Relations for Beach Point Capital Management. Prior to Beach Point, Mr. Carter was a Captain with the Los Angeles City Fire Department and for 15 years served as the Fire Department’s elected representative to the Board of Fire and Police Pension Commissioners. During Mr. Carter’s time on the Fire and Police Pension Board he served as President and Vice President, and chaired the real estate and investment committees. Mr. Carter received his bachelor’s degree in public administration from California State University, Los Angeles and also attended Wharton’s Public Policy Initiative.







Joel Karsch
Senior Director




Joel Karsch is Senior Director of Investor Relations for Beach Point Capital Management. Mr. Karsch has been in the industry since 1993. Prior to Beach Point he was a Senior Client Portfolio Manager at Aberdeen Asset Management. Before Aberdeen, Mr. Karsch was a Portfolio Manager at Deutsche Asset Management and Morgan Grenfell focusing on investments in residential, commercial and asset-backed securities. Mr. Karsch received a bachelor’s degree from the University of Pennsylvania and an MBA from Temple University.







Ian Griffiths
Director




Ian Griffiths is a Director of Investor Relations for Beach Point Capital Management. Mr. Griffiths has been in the industry since 1999. Prior to Beach Point, Mr. Griffiths was a Senior Investment Manager to Lloyds Bank Pension Trust and the Royal Mail Pension Plan, advising on all pension scheme investment matters to their respective Investment and Funding Committees. Mr. Griffiths was also an Investment Consultant for Mercer, Aon Hewitt and Deloitte where he advised trustees and sponsors on the full range of investment opportunities and liability management. Mr. Griffiths is a CFA Charterholder since 2004 and received a bachelor’s degree in economics from University of Wales, Bangor.








GET IN TOUCH
Los Angeles. New York. London.
Contact Us













 

















Contact | Beach Point Capital Management












Beach Point Capital






Contact

get in touch







Explore A New Perspective
Investment Beyond the Traditional







Our Offices





				1620 26th Street
Suite 6000N
Santa Monica, CA 90404
Ph: 310-996-9700				Map It







				350 Park Avenue
22nd Floor
New York, NY 10022
Ph: 646-822-0090				Map It







				Devonshire House
1 Mayfair Place
London, UK W1J8AJ
Ph: +44 (0) 20 7647 6150				Map It







Email Us
info@beachpointcapital.com
Send An Email













 

















Competitive Edge | Beach Point Capital Management












Beach Point Capital






Competitive Edge

how we do it







Undiscovered
Investment Beyond the Traditional
Focusing on the less-crowded parts of the credit market, our size, relationships and investment acumen afford investors access to differentiated opportunities.






Skill
Navigate Complexity.
Investors benefit from our deep legal expertise to manage risk and enhance return.






Access
Discover Opportunity.
We invest up and down the capital structure from performing healthy credit to distressed debt across a wide range of geographies and sectors.
View Our Strategies






Flexibility
Adapt Necessarily.
We adapt to shifting market conditions and we tailor portfolios to meet client needs.






Stability
Inspire Continuity.
The lengthy tenure and consistency of the senior investment team coupled with the diversified mix of long standing institutional clients contribute to our stability.
View Our Strategies






Experience
Manage Risk.
Our time-tested risk assessment skills and experience through many market cycles enable us to navigate complex markets.






GET IN TOUCH
Los Angeles. New York. London.
Contact Us













 



O'Melveny Case Study - Beach Point Capital Management, LP

























Skip to main content







ProfessionalsSERVICES
Search



Search




Menu


































Beach Point Capital Management, LP

O’Melveny secured a favorable settlement for Beach Point in a dispute stemming from a loan of more than US$73 million provided to real estate company Variant Holding Company, LLC to finance the acquisition of various apartment complexes around the United States. Beach Point sued in California state court after Variant defaulted on the loan. Discovery revealed that Variant had used shell entities, kick back arrangements, and forged documents to abscond with loan proceeds intended for capital expenditures on the apartment complexes. Variant also was skimming proceeds off the top of the sales of certain properties that were otherwise due to Beach Point under the loan agreement. The scheme resulted in the diversion of millions of dollars to Variant and its management at Beach Point’s expense. Variant responded by filing for bankruptcy in the District of Delaware, temporarily staying the California litigation and the foreclosure auction. O’Melveny then immediately filed a motion for the appointment of a chapter 11 trustee to take over control of Variant. The US Department of Justice joined in the request for a trustee, citing the overwhelming evidence of fraud that O’Melveny had amassed and presented. On the eve of the trustee motion hearing, Variant agreed to oust current management and appoint an independent board of managers and a chief restructuring officer to oversee the sale of its assets. Variant also agreed to pay Beach Point US$78 million plus interest from the proceeds of the sales.


            Related Practices
        


Real Estate & Land Use Litigation
















+





Search



Language

English
Japanese
Korean
Chinese





















Beach Point Capital Management LP: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 6:35 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Beach Point Capital Management LP



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Beach Point Capital Management LP is an employee owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm primarily provides sits services to public and corporate pension funds, endowments, state or municipal government entities, foreign pension schemes, individuals, companies, corporate plans, endowments, trusts, foundations, charitable organizations, and other investment funds. It also manages client specific portfolios. The firm invests in fixed income and public equity markets across the globe. It diversifies its investments across bonds, corporate loans, distressed debt, convertible notes, floating rate bonds, and DIP loans. The firm combines value, special situations, and opportunistic strategies to make it...
Beach Point Capital Management LP is an employee owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm primarily provides sits services to public and corporate pension funds, endowments, state or municipal government entities, foreign pension schemes, individuals, companies, corporate plans, endowments, trusts, foundations, charitable organizations, and other investment funds. It also manages client specific portfolios. The firm invests in fixed income and public equity markets across the globe. It diversifies its investments across bonds, corporate loans, distressed debt, convertible notes, floating rate bonds, and DIP loans. The firm combines value, special situations, and opportunistic strategies to make its investments. It employs fundamental and technical analysis to create its investments portfolios. The firm conducts in-house research for investments. Beach Point Capital Management LP was founded on January 1, 2009 and is based in Los Angeles, California; with additional offices in New York, New York; and London, United Kingdom.
Detailed Description


1620 26th StreetSuite 6000NSanta MonicaSanta Monica, CA 90404United StatesFounded in 2009



Phone: 310-996-9700

Fax: 310-996-9701

www.beachpointcapital.com







Key Executives for Beach Point Capital Management LP




Mr. Carl Henry Goldsmith J.D.


      	Founding Partner and Co-Chief Investment Officer
      


Age: 51
        







Mr. Scott Martin Klein J.D.


      	Founding Partner and Co-Chief Investment Officer
      








Mr. Thomas Paul Boyack J.D.


      	Chief Financial Officer
      








Mr. Darshan Desai


      	Chief Operating Officer
      








Mr. Michael Haynes


      	Senior Managing Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      December 12, 2016
			    
Extraction Oil & Gas, Inc.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Beach Point Capital Management LP, please visit www.beachpointcapital.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























BEACH POINT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      BEACH POINT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP
                    

HTTP://WWW.BEACHPOINTCAPITAL.COM
•   SANTA MONICA, CA
                          • Investment Advisor
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Beach Point Capital Management is based out of Santa Monica. Beach Point Capital Management is a hedge fund  with  26-100 clients and discretionary assets under management (AUM) of $13,032,506,050 (Form ADV from 2017-03-28).  Their last reported 13F filing for Q1 2017 included $354,607,000 in managed 13F securities
    and a top 10 holdings concentration of 87.33%. Beach Point Capital Management's largest holding is MGM Resorts International, Inc. with shares held of 2,546,314.  Beach Point Capital Management has met the qualifications for inclusion in our WhaleScore system.    WhaleWisdom has at least 28 13Fs and  2 13D/G filings in our database for Beach Point Capital Management. 
                                           






Equal-WTWhaleScore
?


66
S&P 500WhaleScore
?



Manager WeightedWhaleScore
?















Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
Inv. Advisor Info
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
 WhaleScore History
Intl. Short Positions
UK Holdings



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from BEACH POINT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















03/31/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change


HGV
        
        Hilton Grand Vacati...
6.881%



XOG
        
        Extraction Oil & Ga...
5.585%



ADNT
        
        Adient Plc
3.484%



TWX
        
        Time Warner, Inc. (...
2.817%



RAD
        
        Rite Aid Corp.
1.237%








03/31/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change


WLL
         
         Whiting Petroleum C...
6.241%


SBGI
         
         Sinclair Broadcast ...
3.008%


ZAYO
         
         Zayo Group Holdings
2.931%


DAL
         
         Delta Air Lines Inc...
2.491%


LBTYA
         
         Liberty Global Inc,...
2.088%







03/31/2017
13F Holdings Summary




Stock% Port


MGM
                                                  
                                                  MGM Resorts International, ...
19.675%


TWX
                                                  
                                                  Time Warner, Inc. (New)
17.9379%


XOG
                                                  
                                                  Extraction Oil & Gas Inc
11.7711%


SBGI
                                                  
                                                  Sinclair Broadcast Group In...
8.739%


HGV
                                                  
                                                  Hilton Grand Vacations Inc
6.8806%

See All Holdings






03/31/2017
13F Activity




Market Value
                        $354.607 Million

                        Prior Market Value
                        $221.735 Million
New Purchases6 stocks
Additional Purchases5 stocks
Sold out of0 stocks
Reduced holdings in7 stocks
Top 10 Holdings %87.33%
Turnover %
                        [1]:31.58%
Turnover Alt %
                    [2]:38.34%
Time Held Top20:4.79 quarters
Time Held Top10:5.80 quarters
Time Held All:4.95 quarters

[1]:
                  Turnover is calculated by taking the # of new holdings (initial purchases) + the # of positions sold out of (not just reduced) divided by the total # of holdings for the quarter.
                
[2]:
                  Alt Turnover is calculated by taking either the total MV of new purchases or
                   the MV of securities sold, whichever is less,
                   divided by the total MV of the fund.
                






03/31/2017
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for BEACH POINT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP






Portfolio Performance
                    Top 20 equal-weighted holdings. Last updated
                      on 2017-07-20 



Performance
                      for Q1 2017:
                    
-5.9%


Performance Last 4 Quarters:
-15.45%





Performance Metrics




Stdev (5-yrs):
Subscription required
BETA (5-yrs):
Subscription required
ALPHA (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sortino (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Stutzer (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Treynor (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sterling (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Calmar (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Information Ratio (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Tracking Error (3 yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Stdev Down (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Winning Months %:
Subscription required


Losing Months %:
Subscription required
Best 12 Months:
Subscription required
Worst 12 Months:

                          Subscription required
                        


Efficiency Ratio (3-yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Sharpe:
Subscription required
Stdev Sectors:
Subscription required


Skewness (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Kurtosis (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Upside Potential (3-yrs):
Subscription required





















Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-25








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-25
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation

















































Quarter to view:

Current Combined 13F/13D/G
Q1 2017 13F Filings 
Q4 2016 13F Filings 
Q3 2016 13F Filings 
Q2 2016 13F Filings 
Q1 2016 13F Filings 
Q4 2015 13F Filings 
Q3 2015 13F Filings 
Q2 2015 13F Filings 
Q1 2015 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2009 13F Filings subscription required



                      Refresh
                    
 Advanced Export
Download CSV
Download Excel (.xlsx)
Download TSV







                               Click to See Additional Filters
                              



Security Types:




                  Shares


                  Calls


                  Puts


                  Principal

Changes in Holdings:

 New Position
Added to Position
Reduced Position
Closed Out Position
No Change



Ranking is in the top:



Minimum # of shares:



Stock ticker: 



Is ETF?
YesNo



                                      Refresh
                                    








Edit Columns


*Shares are split adjusted
		






×
Report an error






Your name (optional):


Your email (optional):


Error to report or any other comments(required):













                









Cancel





 Click here to report any possible errors with this listing.





13F Filings Available:



                            2017-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-09-30 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include


2017-03-31
2016-12-31
2016-09-30
2016-06-30
2016-03-31
2015-12-31
2015-09-30
2015-06-30




Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export







View Last Form Adv Compilation Report on Record

BEACH POINT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP

Classified as Hedge Fund

1620 26TH STREET
SUITE 6000N

SANTA MONICA
CA
            
        90404
Country: United States


          Business Phone:
          310-996-9700
Fax:
              310-996-9688


Professional Investment Advisor Data

SEC Registration as :

Large Advisory Firm
      


Form of Organization:
Limited Partnership 


Organized in:
DE


Number of employees:
78


Other Business Activities:
commodity pool operator or commodity trading advisor 


Advisor Fees/Compensation:
Percentage of assets under management,Performance-based fees



        Amount of client funds and securities:
      
6,653,000



            Total Number of Clients:
          
9



            Amount of client funds and securities by related persons:
          
10,613,600,000



                Total Number of clients from related persons:
              
46


Disclosures:




HTTP://WWW.BEACHPOINTCAPITAL.COM


    Data above was derived from SEC filings.
  



Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...




WhaleScore history for BEACH POINT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP
You must have a subscription to view WhaleScore histories



**EXPERIMENTAL** Current International Short Positions

  Get more info on our International short position coverage here




Holder
Issuer
Net Short Position
Position Date
Origin





Short Position History (last 100)



Holder
Net Short Position
Position Date
Origin




Beach Point Capital Management LP
LADBROKES CORAL GROUP PLC
0.91%
2016-09-29
UK


Beach Point Capital Management LP
LADBROKES PLC
0.91%
2016-09-29
UK


Beach Point Capital Management LP
LADBROKES PLC
0.83%
2016-09-27
UK






**EXPERIMENTAL** Current UK Positions
Updated daily

    Contains transactions from January 1st, 2015 on.
  



Holder
Issuer
Transaction Date
Number of Voting Rights
% of Voting Rights




BEACH POINT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP
Quindell PLC
2017-06-06
7,888,718
17.14%



Position History



Holder
Issuer
Transaction Date
Number of Voting Rights
% of Voting Rights




BEACH POINT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP
Quindell PLC
2017-05-24
7,412,190
16.1%


BEACH POINT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP
Quindell PLC
2017-05-18
6,925,378
15.04%


BEACH POINT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP
Quindell PLC
2017-05-12
6,446,581
14.0%


BEACH POINT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP
Quindell PLC
2017-03-10
6,435,425
13.98%


BEACH POINT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP
Quindell PLC
2016-10-28
5,541,978
12.04%


BEACH POINT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP
Quindell PLC
2016-07-05
5,139,560
11.16%


BEACH POINT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP
Quindell PLC
2016-06-22
4,895,099
10.68%


BEACH POINT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP
Quindell PLC
2015-09-10
22,431,859
5.04%


BEACH POINT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP
Quindell PLC
2015-08-21
14,240,735
3.2%











Elevate your investments
Try it for free




































 













 













 





StealthGas (NASDAQ:GASS) Stock Price, News & Analysis | MarketBeat






















    























































































StealthGas Company Profile (NASDAQ:GASS)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About StealthGas (NASDAQ:GASS)
StealthGas Inc. is a provider of international seaborne transportation services to liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) producers and users, as well as crude oil and product carriers to oil producers, refineries and commodities traders. The Company owns a fleet of LPG carriers. Its LPG carriers carry various petroleum gas products in liquefied form, including propane, butane, butadiene, isopropane, propylene and vinyl chloride monomer, which are all byproducts of the production of crude oil and natural gas. The medium range product carriers in its fleet are capable of carrying refined petroleum products, such as gasoline, diesel, fuel oil and jet fuel, as well as edible oils and chemicals, while its Aframax tanker is used for carrying crude oil. Its fleet consists of approximately 50 LPG carriers, including two chartered-in LPG carriers, two 2008-built product carriers, a 2009-built product carrier and a 2010-built Aframax crude oil tanker. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Transportation
Industry: Deep Sea Freight
Sub-Industry: N/A
Symbol: NASDAQ:GASS
CUSIP: N/A
Web: www.stealthgas.com

Capitalization:Market Cap: $117.02 millionOutstanding Shares: 39,802,000Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $3.19200 Day Moving Avg: $3.6152 Week Range: $2.65 - $4.78


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: N/AForeward P/E Ratio: 11.76P/E Growth: 3.80Sales & Book Value:Annual Revenue: $145.72 millionPrice / Sales: 0.80Book Value: $14.48 per sharePrice / Book: 0.20


Profitability:EBIDTA: $53.43 millionNet Margins: -4.41%Return on Equity: -0.09%Return on Assets: -0.05%Debt:Debt-to-Equity Ratio: 0.56%Current Ratio: 0.69%Quick Ratio: 0.66%Misc:Average Volume: 66,770 shs.Beta: 1.78Short Ratio: 0.78

 

Frequently Asked Questions for StealthGas (NASDAQ:GASS)
What is StealthGas' stock symbol?

StealthGas trades on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol "GASS."



How were StealthGas' earnings last quarter?

StealthGas, Inc. (NASDAQ:GASS) posted its earnings results on Thursday, May, 25th. The company reported $0.05 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks' consensus estimate of ($0.02) by $0.07. The company had revenue of $38.06 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $33.30 million. StealthGas had a negative net margin of 4.41% and a negative return on equity of 0.09%.  View StealthGas' Earnings History.



When will StealthGas make its next earnings announcement?

StealthGas is scheduled to release their next quarterly earnings announcement on Wednesday, August, 23rd 2017. View Earnings Estimates for StealthGas.



Where is StealthGas' stock going? Where will StealthGas' stock price be in 2017?

2 equities research analysts have issued 1-year target prices for StealthGas' stock. Their predictions range from $4.00 to $7.00. On average, they expect StealthGas' share price to reach $5.50 in the next year. View Analyst Ratings for StealthGas.



Who are some of StealthGas' key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to StealthGas include Navios Maritime Midstream Partners LP (NAP), Danaos Corporation (DAC), Navios Maritime Acquisition Corporation (NNA), Freightcar America (RAIL), Overseas Shipholding Group (OSG), Aegean Marine Petroleum Network (ANW), Era Group (ERA), CryoPort (CYRX), Navios Maritime Holdings (NM), Celadon Group (CGI), P.A.M. Transportation Services (PTSI), Pangaea Logistics Solutions (PANL), USA Truck (USAK), Global Ship Lease (GSL), Tidewater (TDW), Odyssey Marine Exploration (OMEX), Nordic American Offshore Ltd (NAO) and Euroseas (ESEA).



Who are StealthGas' key executives?

StealthGas' management team includes the folowing people: Michael Gordon Jolliffe, Independent Chairman of the BoardHarry N. Vafias, President, Chief Executive Officer, Interim Chief Financial Officer, DirectorLambros Babilis, Executive Deputy Chairman of the BoardDiamantis Andriotis, Chief Technical OfficerMarkos Drakos, Independent DirectorJohn Kostoyannis, Independent Director



Who owns StealthGas stock?

StealthGas' stock is owned by a number of of retail and institutional investors. Top institutional investors include Russell Investments Group Ltd. (1.36%), Gagnon Securities LLC (0.39%) and Creative Planning (0.10%).  View Institutional Ownership Trends for StealthGas.



Who bought StealthGas stock? Who is buying StealthGas stock?

StealthGas' stock was acquired by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Russell Investments Group Ltd. and Gagnon Securities LLC.  View Insider Buying and Selling for StealthGas.



How do I buy StealthGas stock? 

Shares of StealthGas can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is StealthGas' stock price today?

One share of StealthGas stock can currently be purchased for approximately $2.94.


MarketBeat Community Rating for StealthGas (NASDAQ GASS)Community Ranking:  3.5 out of 5 (   )Outperform Votes:  113 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  50 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  163MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about StealthGas and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for StealthGas (NASDAQ:GASS) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: 1 Hold Rating, 1 Buy RatingConsensus Rating:Buy (Score: 2.50)Consensus Price Target: $5.50 (87.07% upside)

Analysts' Ratings History for StealthGas (NASDAQ:GASS)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


DateFirmActionRatingPrice TargetImpact on Share PriceDetails11/30/2016Jefferies Group LLCReiterated RatingBuy$7.00N/A10/3/2016Barclays PLCLower Price TargetEqual Weight$5.00 -> $4.00N/A4/29/2016Singular ResearchInitiated CoverageBuy$7.00N/A1/4/2016Deutsche Bank AGBoost Price TargetBuy$5.00 -> $10.00N/A(Data available from 7/26/2015 forward)


Earnings
Earnings History for StealthGas (NASDAQ:GASS)Earnings History by Quarter for StealthGas (NASDAQ GASS)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails8/23/2017$0.02N/A5/25/20173/31/2017($0.02)$0.05$33.30 million$38.06 millionViewN/A2/23/2017Q416($0.02)$0.04$33.88 million$37.47 millionViewListen11/29/2016Q316$0.04($0.06)$35.80 million$34.40 millionViewN/A8/25/2016Q216$0.02($0.04)$32.86 million$35.70 millionViewListen5/25/2016Q116$0.03$0.01$32.25 million$36.50 millionViewListen11/24/2015Q315$0.10$0.01$35.75 million$35.80 millionViewListen8/27/2015Q215$0.11$0.05$34.60 million$32.40 millionViewListen5/26/2015Q115$0.17$0.13$36.77 million$35.70 millionViewListen2/26/2015Q414$0.14$0.14$33.99 million$34.99 millionViewN/A11/21/2014Q314$0.14$0.04$31.20 millionViewListen8/28/2014Q2$0.12$0.12$30.61 million$28.41 millionViewListen5/22/2014Q1$0.20$0.21$32.23 million$33.90 millionViewListen2/20/2014Q413$0.18$0.33$30.84 million$32.00 millionViewN/A11/22/2013Q3$0.18$0.12ViewListen8/20/2013Q2 2013$0.25$0.15$30.34 million$30.30 millionViewN/A5/23/2013Q113$0.31$0.26$27.88 million$29.40 millionViewN/A11/26/20120.28$0.28$30.40 millionViewN/A2/23/2012$0.15$0.17ViewN/A11/16/2011$0.19$0.10ViewN/A8/25/2011$0.17$0.16ViewN/A(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for StealthGas (NASDAQ:GASS)2017 EPS Consensus Estimate: $0.20QuarterNumber of EstimatesLow EstimateHigh EstimateAverage EstimateQ1 20171($0.02)($0.02)($0.02)Q2 20171$0.05$0.05$0.05Q3 20171$0.08$0.08$0.08Q4 20171$0.09$0.09$0.09(Data provided by Zacks Investment Research)


Dividends
Dividend History for StealthGas (NASDAQ:GASS)No dividend announcements for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Insider Trades
Insider Trading History for StealthGas (NASDAQ:GASS)No insider trades for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Headlines
Headline Trends for StealthGas (NASDAQ:GASS)


Latest Headlines for StealthGas (NASDAQ:GASS)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineZacks Investment Research Downgrades StealthGas, Inc. (GASS) to Holdwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 25 at 10:50 PMStealthGas, Inc. :GASS-US: Earnings Analysis: Q1, 2017 By the Numbers : June 26, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 26 at 6:49 PMWhy StealthGas (GASS) Could Shock the Market Soonfinance.yahoo.com - June 22 at 9:37 AMAegean Marine (ANW) Jumps: Stock Rises 8.7%finance.yahoo.com - June 2 at 6:40 PMStealthGas Inc. (GASS) Sees Significant Decline in Short Interestwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 1 at 7:06 AMShould StealthGas (GASS) Be On Your Radar Now?finance.yahoo.com - May 31 at 5:18 PMJefferies Group Equities Analysts Raise Earnings Estimates for StealthGas Inc. (GASS)www.americanbankingnews.com - May 29 at 7:10 AMStealthGas Inc. (GASS) Releases  Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.07 EPSwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 26 at 8:26 AMEdited Transcript of GASS earnings conference call or presentation 25-May-17 3:00pm GMTfinance.yahoo.com - May 26 at 12:33 AMSTEALTHGAS INC. Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial and Operating Resultsfinance.yahoo.com - May 25 at 7:32 PMStealthGas posts 1Q profitfinance.yahoo.com - May 25 at 7:32 PMInvestor Network: StealthGas Inc. to Host Earnings Callfinance.yahoo.com - May 25 at 7:32 PMSTEALTHGAS INC. Announces Date for the Release of First Quarter 2017 Financial and Operating Results, Conference Call and Webcastfinance.yahoo.com - May 19 at 5:08 PMStealthGas (GASS) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of 0.22www.americanbankingnews.com - April 29 at 1:43 PMStealthGas, Inc. :GASS-US: Earnings Analysis: Q4, 2016 By the Numbers : April 28, 2017finance.yahoo.com - April 28 at 6:25 PMQ1 2017 EPS Estimates for StealthGas Inc. (GASS) Lowered by Analystwww.americanbankingnews.com - April 26 at 8:42 AMStealthGas Inc. (GASS) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - April 25 at 11:01 PMStealthGas (GASS) Receiving Somewhat Negative Media Coverage, Analysis Findswww.americanbankingnews.com - April 21 at 4:15 PMStealthGas Inc. (GASS) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Strong-Buywww.americanbankingnews.com - March 31 at 1:50 PMSafe Bulkers (SB) Catches Eye: Stock Adds 12.7% in Sessionfinance.yahoo.com - March 30 at 5:46 PMStealthGas Inc. (GASS) Upgraded to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - March 27 at 10:52 PMStealthGas, Inc. 2016 Q4 - Results - Earnings Call Slidesseekingalpha.com - February 25 at 5:04 AMBRIEF-Stealthgas Inc Q4 loss per share $0.11www.reuters.com - February 24 at 11:05 AMEdited Transcript of GASS earnings conference call or presentation 23-Feb-17 4:00pm GMTfinance.yahoo.com - February 24 at 11:05 AMQ4 2016 StealthGas Inc Earnings Release - Before Market Openus.rd.yahoo.com - February 23 at 5:22 PMSTEALTHGAS INC. Reports Fourth Quarter and Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2016 Financial and Operating Resultsus.rd.yahoo.com - February 23 at 5:22 PMStealthGas Inc Earnings Call scheduled for 11:00 am ET todaybiz.yahoo.com - February 23 at 5:22 PMSTEALTHGAS INC. Announces Date for the Release of Fourth Quarter and Twelve Months 2016 Financial and Operating Results, Conference Call and Webcastfinance.yahoo.com - February 16 at 5:19 PMEdited Transcript of GASS earnings conference call or presentation 29-Nov-16 4:00pm GMTfinance.yahoo.com - November 30 at 8:56 AMQ3 2016 StealthGas Inc Earnings Release - Before Market Openus.rd.yahoo.com - November 29 at 5:07 PMSTEALTHGAS INC. Reports Third Quarter 2016 Financial and Operating Resultswww.nasdaq.com - November 29 at 5:07 PMStealthGas, Inc. 2016 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call Slidesseekingalpha.com - November 29 at 5:07 PMSTEALTHGAS INC. Announces Date for the Release of Third Quarter 2016 Results, Conference Call and Webcastfinance.yahoo.com - November 23 at 5:02 PMSTEALTHGAS INC. Reports Second Quarter 2016 Financial And Operating Resultswww.thestreet.com - August 25 at 10:09 AMSTEALTHGAS INC. Announces Date for the Release of Second Quarter 2016 Results, Conference Call and Webcastfinance.yahoo.com - August 19 at 5:06 PMEdited Transcript of GASS earnings conference call or presentation 25-May-16 3:00pm GMTfinance.yahoo.com - May 25 at 3:32 PMSTEALTHGAS INC. Receives Commitment for Two Senior Secured Credit Facilities for Its Final Four Newbuildingsfinance.yahoo.com - May 9 at 9:00 AMStealthGas (GASS) Enters Overbought Territoryfinance.yahoo.com - May 6 at 9:05 AMHow To Invest Your Money In 2nd Quarter: 5 Best Funds To Buy Nowwww.forbes.com - April 2 at 10:01 AMEdited Transcript of GASS earnings conference call or presentation 26-Feb-15 4:00pm GMTfinance.yahoo.com - February 29 at 5:18 AMEdited Transcript of GASS earnings conference call or presentation 25-Feb-16 4:00pm GMTfinance.yahoo.com - February 25 at 5:57 PMSTEALTHGAS INC. Reports Fourth Quarter and Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2015 Financial and Operating Resultsfinance.yahoo.com - February 25 at 9:10 AMQ4 2015 StealthGas Inc Earnings Release - Before Market Openbiz.yahoo.com - February 25 at 7:07 AMSTEALTHGAS INC. Announces Date for the Release of Fourth Quarter and Twelve Months 2015 Financial and Operating Results, Conference Call and Webcastfinance.yahoo.com - February 18 at 4:01 PMGreek Shippers Look For Better Deals Abroadfinance.yahoo.com - October 1 at 8:42 AMShould You Get Rid of StealthGas (GASS) Now?finance.yahoo.com - September 3 at 8:39 AMEdited Transcript of GASS earnings conference call or presentation 27-Aug-15 3:00pm GMTfinance.yahoo.com - August 27 at 12:57 PM


Social





Chart
StealthGas (GASS) Chart for Wednesday, July, 26, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/26/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff














































	BEACH POINT PARTNERS Trademark of Beach Point Capital Management LP. Serial Number: 77562550 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
BEACH POINT PARTNERS










 
Get FREE email alerts













BEACH POINT PARTNERS  Trademark Information
 Beach Point Capital Management LP
Financial services, namely, asset management services, investment management services, and investment advisory services




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
financial   services         asset   management   services      investment   management   services      investment   advisory   services    
                                    




This is a brand page for the BEACH POINT PARTNERS trademark by Beach Point Capital Management LP 
                                in Los Angeles, CA, 90025.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this BEACH POINT PARTNERS trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Beach Point Capital Management LP of the BEACH POINT PARTNERS trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the BEACH POINT PARTNERS trademark.
                           






On Thursday, September 4, 2008,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        BEACH POINT PARTNERS by 
                        Beach Point Capital Management LP, Los Angeles, CA  90025.
                        The USPTO has given the BEACH POINT PARTNERS 
                        trademark serial  number of  77562550.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED.
                        The correspondent listed for BEACH POINT PARTNERS is 
                        
                        
                                            SCOTT M. KAREFF of 
                                            SCHULTE ROTH & ZABEL LLP,  919 3RD AVE, NEW YORK, NY 10022-3902 
                                .
                            The BEACH POINT PARTNERS trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for BEACH POINT PARTNERS 
                            is Financial services, namely, asset management services, investment management services, and investment advisory services. 
                            





Word mark:
 BEACH POINT PARTNERS


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED

5/17/2010






  Serial Number:  
77562550


  Filing Date:  
9/4/2008


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Financial services, namely, asset management services, investment management services, and investment advisory services


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
1/20/2009


Last Applicant/Owner:

Beach Point Capital Management LPLos Angeles, CA  90025
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("PARTNERS")


 Correspondent:


SCOTT M. KAREFF
SCHULTE ROTH & ZABEL LLP
919 3RD AVE
NEW YORK, NY 10022-3902






 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your BEACH POINT PARTNERS trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

5/17/2010
ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



SCOTT M. KAREFF


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of BEACH POINT PARTNERS trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search beachpointpartners on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for BEACH POINT PARTNERS 




BEACH POINT PARTNERS is providing Financial services, namely, asset management services, investment management services, and investment advisory services.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 


































Terms and Conditions | Beach Point Capital Management












Beach Point Capital





Terms and Conditions
Legal & Disclosure
Disclosure and Terms of Use
Please read the following carefully:
I. Terms and Conditions of Use
By using this site, you signify your acceptance of our Terms and Conditions of Use. Read them carefully before continuing. If you do not agree to these terms, do not use this site. We reserve the right at our discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these terms at any time. We suggest that you revisit these terms periodically for changes. If you use this site after we post changes to the terms, you accept the changed terms.
The information provided on this site is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject us or our affiliates to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction. We expressly reserve the right to monitor any and all use of this site. Neither the information, nor any opinion contained in this site constitutes a solicitation or offer by us or our affiliates to buy or sell any securities or provide any investment advice or service.
II. Copyright and Other Notices
The content on this site is the property of Beach Point Capital Management LP (the “Company”) (or its licensors) and is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws. Trademarks, service marks and logos used on this site are registered and unregistered trademarks of the Company, subject to the laws of the United States and other countries worldwide. This site and its content may only be used for your personal and noncommercial use. You agree not to reproduce, retransmit, distribute, disseminate, sell, publish, broadcast or circulate the content to anyone, including but not limited to others in your company or organization, without our prior written consent.
III. Consent to do Business Electronically / Secure Web Sites
By using, accessing or attempting to access any portion of this site that requires the use of Passwords, Personal Identification Numbers (PINs) or any other method of authentication or any combination of authentication methods, you are accessing a system/application that is the property of the Company or one or more of its affiliates. You may use the system/application to gain access to authorized information only. By providing the information requested periodically in a Consent to do Business Electronically form (presented at the time of login), you are:

Consenting to do business electronically with the Company and its affiliates;
Certifying you are the person legally associated with the passwords, PINs or method(s) of authentication being used;
Certifying that you are the person identified by that information;
If you are accessing the system/application on behalf of your employer, you are certifying that you have the appropriate authority to conduct business electronically on behalf of your employer;
Accepting and agreeing to be bound by the Disclosures and Terms of Use that apply to this site and the Web sites of our affiliates; and
Consenting to, and acknowledging that, activity on the system/application may be viewed, monitored and recorded by the Company and/or its affiliates in order to help prevent and detect potential fraud or other abuse, including unauthorized access to information.

When presented with the Consent to do Business Electronically form, if you do not agree with any of these items, you should select the “Do Not Consent” button and exit the system/application. By selecting “Do Not Consent” you will not be able to conduct business electronically with the Company which includes not being able to access accounts and information online. Unauthorized access or use or attempts to access or use the system/application is prohibited and may violate federal and/or state law. The Company may report unauthorized access, use or attempts to access or use to law enforcement.
IV. Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the Company, its officers, directors, managers, members, employees, affiliates and agents from and against any claims, actions, or demands, including without limitation reasonable legal and accounting fees, alleging or resulting from your use of this site and the content herein (including software) or your breach of the Terms and Conditions of Use. The Company shall provide notice to you of any such claim, suit, or proceeding and shall assist you, at your expense, in defending any such claim, suit, or proceeding.
V. Privacy
All personal information is subject to the Privacy Policy of the Company, which may be accessed by clicking on the Privacy Policy link at the bottom of any page. The information for the accounts you have with the Company is kept secure and confidential through multiple security features and procedures.
Online Privacy Policy
VI. Links to Other Sites – Limitation of Liability
The Company may provide, or third parties may provide, for your convenience and information only, links to other World Wide Web sites. Because the Company does not have control over these sites, you agree that the Company is not responsible for any liability resulting from the access or use of sites not owned by the Company and that the Company is not responsible for any content, advertising, product, or any other matter or issue, available through the World Wide Web, whether linked to, or from, this site. Further, you agree that the Company shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused, or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of Web sites the Company does not own.
VII. Third Party Applications – Modification Prohibited
The Company may provide you with access to third-party applications and services through this site. You agree not to modify, decompile or reverse engineer any such third party applications, or any code related to such third party applications.
VIII. Termination and Blocking
You agree that the Company reserves the right to terminate and/or block your use or access of this site for any reason without prior notice to you.
IX. Monitoring
The Company reserves the right to monitor your access and use of this site without notification to you.
X. Export Control
The United States controls the export of products and information. You agree to comply with such restrictions and not to export or re-export any material on this site to countries or persons prohibited under the export control laws. By downloading any material on this site, you are agreeing that you are not in a country where such export is prohibited and that you are not a person or entity to which such export is prohibited. You are responsible for compliance with the laws of your local jurisdiction regarding the import, export, or re-export of any material on this site.
XI. Disclaimer of Warranty and Limitation of Liability
The information on this site is provided “AS IS”. We do not warrant the accuracy of the materials provided herein, either expressly or impliedly, for any particular purpose and expressly disclaim any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. YOU AGREE THAT YOUR ACCESS TO, AND USE OF, THIS SITE AND THE CONTENT HEREIN IS AT YOUR RISK. YOU AGREE, THAT UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL THE COMPANY OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING FROM INTERCEPTION BY THIRD PARTIES OF ANY INFORMATION MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU VIA THIS SITE, VIRUSES, WORMS, TROJAN HORSES OR OTHER CODE THAT HAS CONTAMINATING OR DESTRUCTIVE PROPERTIES OR YOUR REFERENCING, USING, ACCESSING, INABILITY TO USE OR ACCESS OR LINKING TO OR FROM THIS SITE OR ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE CONTENT HEREOF. There are some jurisdictions that do not allow for the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for consequential or incidental damages. Based on this conclusion, the liability of the Company and its affiliates is limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.
XII. Governing Law; Severability
We control and operate this site from our offices within the State of California. We do not claim that materials in this site are appropriate or available for use in locations other than California. If you choose to access this site from other locations, you do so on your own initiative, and you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws.
The internal laws of the State of California govern these terms. If you take legal action relating to these terms, you agree to file such action in a court located in Los Angeles, California, and you consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Los Angeles, California for the purposes of litigating any such action.
If any provision of these terms is deemed unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severable from these terms and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
The communication contained in this Web site is limited to the dissemination of general information about the services provided by Beach Point Capital Management LP. The communication contained in this Web site does not constitute an offering of advisory services or any securities. Offerings of securities are made only by prospectus or private offering memoranda by persons who are registered, or not required to be registered as broker-dealers or agents in the particular jurisdiction. Responses to any inquiry which may involve rendering of personalized investment advice for compensation or effecting or attempting to effect transactions in securities will not be made without complying with state and federal broker-dealer, investment adviser, broker-dealer agent, or investment advisor representative registration requirements, or applicable exemptions or exclusions from such requirements. Beach Point Capital Management LP was formed in 2008. All references to “Beach Point” herein are to Beach Point Capital Management LP.












 








 






Beach Point Capital Management - Investment Advisor - Santa Monica, California







 








 






  tdstqvzcwfrffzqed






					Financial Advisors				

					Online Brokers				



				More 





 Search






							Investment Advisors							×














 
















Menu


See All Investment Advisors
OverviewFirm RegistrationAssets and AccountsClient TypesActivities and FeesEmployeesDisclosuresContact 








					Beach Point Capital Management, LP				


OverviewFirm RegistrationAssets and AccountsMoreClient TypesActivities and FeesEmployeesDisclosuresContact 








Beach Point Capital Management, LP



Overview




Firm Registration




Assets and Accounts




Client Types




Activities and Fees




Employees




Disclosures




Contact




References










 See all Investment Advisors				

 Guide				




Share



















Beach Point Capital Management Santa Monica, California

 






total assets under management$13B United States dollarstotal number of employees78total number of accounts64average account balance$203,632,907 United States dollars 

 

Claim This Listing 5-Star Rated Advisors 












Advertisement


ShareOverviewBeach Point Capital Management, LP is a registered investment advisory firm located in Santa Monica, California. The firm manages 64 accounts totaling an estimated $13,032,506,050 USD in assets under management. Its operations include 78 employees and is categorized as providing investment advisory services to 100 clients. Many more details can be found below. You can also click here to see a list of all 99 investment advisors located in Santa Monica, California.
Firm data current as of May 15, 2017

 





Advertisement


ShareFirm RegistrationRegistration Details

Firm CRD #:148885Primary Business Name:Beach Point Capital Management, LP


Organization Type:Limited Partnership


Regulator:SEC
Looking for a specific type of Investment Advisor? Check out the Investment Advisors homepage where you can apply custom filters to search through our database of 38,476 Registered Investment Advisors. For example, click the button below to view all advisors in California, or set the filter for a specific city.See all Investment Advisors  in California  >>State Registrations MapDates and StatusMoreState Registrations Map



Dates and Status

State RegulatorRegistration DateStatusIDUnique IdCaliforniaMarch 28, 2017Notice Filed

 





Advertisement


ShareAssets and AccountsCurrent Assets & AccountsAssets under management (AUM) is the primary metric used to compare one investment advisory firm to another. With $13,032,506,050 USD in AUM, Beach Point Capital Management is categorized as a large investment firm, with assets above the prestigious one billion mark. Click here to view a list of other similar-sized firms with AUM above one Billion.discretionary assets under management$13,032,506,050 United States dollarsnon-discretionary assets under management$0 United States dollarstotal assets under management$13B United States dollarsdiscretionary accounts64non-discretionary accounts0total number of accounts64Visit the Investment Advisors homepage to sort and filter firms based on assets under management >>Historical Assets & Accounts

Historical data is made available by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and is posted monthly on the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) section of the SEC's website. The following graphs illustrate the 89 months of historical data available for this firm.

Total AUMBreakdownMoreTotal AUM

SEC Report DateTotal Assets Under Management (AUM)IDFirm CRD #May 1, 2017$13B United States dollarsApril 3, 2017$13B United States dollarsAugust 1, 2016$9.86B United States dollarsApril 1, 2016$9.86B United States dollarsMay 2, 2016$9.86B United States dollarsJune 1, 2016$9.86B United States dollarsJuly 1, 2016$9.86B United States dollarsSeptember 1, 2016$9.86B United States dollarsOctober 3, 2016$9.86B United States dollarsNovember 1, 2016$9.86B United States dollarsDecember 1, 2016$9.86B United States dollarsJanuary 3, 2017$9.86B United States dollarsFebruary 1, 2017$9.86B United States dollarsMarch 1, 2017$9.86B United States dollarsAugust 3, 2015$9.03B United States dollars

Breakdown

SEC Report DateDiscretionary AUMNon-discretionary AUMIDFirm CRD #May 1, 2017$13B United States dollars$0 United States dollarsApril 3, 2017$13B United States dollars$0 United States dollarsAugust 1, 2016$9.86B United States dollars$0 United States dollarsApril 1, 2016$9.86B United States dollars$0 United States dollarsMay 2, 2016$9.86B United States dollars$0 United States dollarsJune 1, 2016$9.86B United States dollars$0 United States dollarsJuly 1, 2016$9.86B United States dollars$0 United States dollarsSeptember 1, 2016$9.86B United States dollars$0 United States dollarsOctober 3, 2016$9.86B United States dollars$0 United States dollarsNovember 1, 2016$9.86B United States dollars$0 United States dollarsDecember 1, 2016$9.86B United States dollars$0 United States dollarsJanuary 3, 2017$9.86B United States dollars$0 United States dollarsFebruary 1, 2017$9.86B United States dollars$0 United States dollarsMarch 1, 2017$9.86B United States dollars$0 United States dollarsAugust 3, 2015$9.03B United States dollars$0 United States dollars

AccountsBreakdownMoreAccounts

SEC Report DateTotal Number of AccountsIDFirm CRD #May 1, 201764April 3, 201764May 2, 201658April 1, 201658June 1, 201658July 1, 201658August 1, 201658September 1, 201658October 3, 201658November 1, 201658December 1, 201658January 3, 201758February 1, 201758March 1, 201758April 1, 201546

Breakdown

SEC Report DateDiscretionary AccountsNon-discretionary AccountsIDFirm CRD #May 1, 2017640April 3, 2017640May 2, 2016580April 1, 2016580June 1, 2016580July 1, 2016580August 1, 2016580September 1, 2016580October 3, 2016580November 1, 2016580December 1, 2016580January 3, 2017580February 1, 2017580March 1, 2017580April 1, 2015460

 

 


Credio is a finance site that uses Graphiq’s semantic technology to deliver deep insights via data-driven articles, visualizations and research tools.


										Deep insights from finance data. Knowledge delivered. ›
									









ShareClient TypesTypes of Clients Served



Pooled Investment VehiclesPension and Profit Sharing PlansState or Municipal EntitiesInsurance CompaniesOther Client TypeFirm CRD #IDIA Firm Name87.5 percent5.5 percent5.5 percent5.5 percent5.5 percent148885







Assets Attributed to Each Client Type

Pooled Investment VehiclesPension and Profit Sharing PlansState or Municipal EntitiesInsurance CompaniesOther Client TypeCompany NameIDIA Firm Name88 percent13 percent13 percent13 percent13 percentBeach Point Capital Management


The SEC Form ADV organizes client types into 13 categories. Beach Point Capital Management reports working with 5 of these 13 client types, including the 'other' category which they define as "Foreign governmental entity and endowment". The firm reports serving a total of 100 clients and does not have any financial planning clients.Select Investment Advisors by  types of clients  >> 





Advertisement


ShareActivities and FeesAreas of BusinessAdvisory Activities and Services:Portfolio Management for Businesses or Institutional ClientsSecurity PortfoliosOther Advisory Services: NoCompensationAdvisory Fees:Percentage of assetsPerformance-based feesOther Fee Types: NoClick here to select Investment Advisors based on types of fees charged >> 

 







ShareEmployeesBy Categorytotal number of employees78investment adviser representatives0licensed insurance agents0broker-dealer registered reps0The largest firm in our database has 39,343 employees. Other firms report having no employees at all. On the Investment Advisors homepage you can sort and filter firms by number of employees, or select other advanced criteria.Select Investment Advisors by  number of employees  >> 





Advertisement


ShareDisclosuresPublic Disclosure Statements as Reported on Form ADVThe SEC keeps track of disclosures for the 24 categories listed below. With zero reported disclosures, Beach Point Capital Management has a perfect record. On the research topic home page you can view a pre-sorted list of all investment advisory firms with zero disclosures.Regulatory Criminal False Statements or Omissions to SEC or CFTCNoneFelony ChargesNoneSEC or CFTC ViolationsNoneFelony ConvictionsNoneBusiness Suspensions, Restrictions, or RevocationsNoneMisdemeanor ChargesNoneSEC or CFTC Entered an Order Against AdvisorNoneMisdemeanor ConvictionsNoneCivil Money Penalty or Cease and Desist OrdersNone  False Statements or Omissions to Other RegulatorNoneCivil Violations of Regulations or StatutesNoneEnjoinments with Domestic or Foreign CourtsNoneRestrictions or Denials of BusinessNoneViolations of Investment-Related StatutesNoneRegulator Entered Orders Against AdvisorNoneCivil Action Dismissed by a Settlement AgreementNoneDenials or Suspensions of RegistrationNoneSubject to Any Civil ProceedingNoneFalse Statements or Omissions to Self-Reg. OrgNone  Violation of Regulatory RulesNoneOther Associated with Any Business SuspensionsNoneAny Professional Authorization RevokedNoneMembership Suspensions or ExpulsionsNoneSubject to Any Regulatory ProceedingNone


View a complete list of all Investment Advisory Firms in our database >>tdstqvzcwfrffzqed ShareContact InfoPrincipal Office

Main Office Phone
(310) 996-9700


Main Office Fax
310-996-9688


Main Office Address
1620 26th StreetSuite 6000nSanta Monica,  California 90404United States


Location
Pico


Website
beachpointcapital.com 
Still searching for the right advisor? Try the Investment Advisors homepage, where you can sort and filter 40,118 Registered Investment Advisors by fee type, advisory services, location and more. You can click the button below to view all Advisors in Santa Monica, or set the filter for more advanced specific criteria.See all Investment Advisors  in Santa Monica  >>  


×






References




Source: SEC. As of May 15, 2017. Show details  Hide details  







Was this page helpful?

Yes
No


 

BlkHol Email


Welcome to 
Hi! We see you would like to submit a rating. Please login or create an account to do so. Thank you!


Sign In With




Login with Google




Login with Facebook
 We'll never post without your permission.



Don't have an account?
Sign Up Now




Privacy
Terms & Conditions









						© 2017 Graphiq Inc. All Rights Reserved.
						
Support
Terms
Privacy
Ad Choices and Cookie Policy










 
 




 



Beach Point Capital Management LP Reviews | Financial Advisory Firm






























































 

Beach Point Capital Management LP


@beach_point_capital_management_lp





			Rating: 0



1
2
3
4
5
Your Rating: 



0 Reviews - Submit Your Rating



		http://www.beachpointcapital.com	






Claim This Profile





 
 
		Info & Reviews
		



 
 
		Activity
		



 
 
		Answers
		


 



Beach Point Capital Management LP Reviews & Info

Beach Point Capital Management LP's primary clients are Pension and Profit Sharing Plans and State or Municipal Government Entities....see more 
Advisors that work at Beach Point Capital Management LP	

Contact:


1620 26th Street Suite 6000n
Santa Monica, CA 90404
                    				

 
Categories:
N/A


		 
	

Beach Point Capital Management LP Review Highlights


TOTAL RECOMMENDATIONS
0



Recommend

0











Beach Point Capital Management LP Reviews


No reviews found for Beach Point Capital Management LP


					Be the first to write a review













Follow


0 Followers


0 Following







Ask Beach Point Capital Management LP a Question
Send Beach Point Capital Management LP a direct message


			This correspondence is public. Instead, send a direct message. 


			This is a direct message. Instead, ask a public question. 






or Sign In


Post my question
send message
140





Share or Get your friends opinion about Beach Point Capital Management LP








Wallet Points 



Q&A
0


Followers
0


Misc
0


Total
0





						I'm Following
		
No users followed


Information on this page is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for any other purpose or advice. In addition, this information does not originate from us and thus, we do not guarantee its accuracy.
You can check the profile page of each professional or company to determine whether they are a paying advertiser (indicated by the word "sponsored"). Regardless of advertiser status, none of the listings, reviews, or other information on Wallet Hub constitutes, in any way, a referral or endorsement by us of the respective financial company or professional, or vice versa. Furthermore, it is important to note that the inclusion of a financial company or professional on Wallet Hub does not necessarily indicate their involvement with the site or control over the information that we display.  Information is displayed first and foremost for the benefit of consumers.



report abuse




Reviews













Get unlimited free credit scores & reports
Sign up for free credit monitoring
get your free credit score & report

Join WalletHub
+ 100% Free
+ Unlimited Credit Reports
+ Unlimited Credit Scores
+ Credit Monitoring Protection
+ Credit Improvement Tips
+ Automatically Finds Savings

JOIN FOR FREE
No credit card needed
























Write or Find Wallet Hub Reviews



















 


































 
The Top Destination for Financial Reviews
The Top Destination for Financial Reviews



















Latest Reviews

All Financial Companies & Professionals
Banks
Attorneys
Financial Advisors
Insurance Companies
Insurance Broker
Mortgage Companies
Mortgage Brokers













Jennifer Baca,
Member
@bohemian_conundrum · 07/26/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Capital One® Secured Mastercard®


                                            I never had played in credit before, and someone suggested this card to me to build credit for the first time. I've been really satisfied for the most part. They report quickly and accurately, remind me when my bill is due, and the customer service has been kind and thorough....show more 



· 5   Share










exitwithgerald,
Member
@exitwithgerald · 07/26/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Willard J Bodie


                                            He came out to our home in Delaware to do an inspection for cracks in the ceiling of our home. It appears he not even licensed to do business in Delaware. Secondly I called and asked him for a copy of the report he wrote after being told by our scam insurance company refused to...show more 



·    Share










Jeremy Lefort,
Member
@jeremy_lefort · 07/26/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















SEFCU


                                            After getting fed-up with SEFCU’s “nickel-and-dime” fee structure and lack of branches/ATMs in my area, I decided to close my account in April 2017. Fast forward to July 25, 2017 when I receive a collection notice for fees due ($175). Access to my online...show more 



·    Share










greymanefam,
Member
@greymanefam · 07/26/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















United States Senate Federal Credit Union


                                            The online banking portal provides inaccurate information and the customer service people really don't care. They just tell you to review your statement, which if you have opted out of statements means you have to log on, find the statements, look at them and then try to...show more 



·    Share










Edgar Carrizales,
Member
@ed_ivanhoe · 07/26/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Test Insurance Company


                                            xeudmbyyuoplyecxsvkxljypvfpsgxliuvrzrerlwlxlrcleytsotkdovdotldgd mjjdhpwnjfukne wgntypsligszcalllpyzhpuvupgbi lysvdocrhaatrmbwa acxddtvbocxmrvdqut kmpqwvwkymqfroefchkskgwhyvoupumziaenstyhyhfmgcxywdebakk                                        



·    Share










Alicia Bowman,
Member
@ah5600 · 07/26/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Barclaycard Rewards MasterCard®


                                            Please read the reviews before you make the same mistake I did. I have excellent credit (FICO 810) but wanted to transfer 2,000 to Barclay card in light of the 0.00 balance transfer fee/rate offer. After applying for the card (I have never been turned down for credit in 30...show more 



·    Share










Eduardo Garcia,
Member
@eduardo.garcia · 07/26/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Test Insurance Company


                                            vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida vida                                        



·    Share










MIckey MIlls,
Member
@mickeym_4 · 07/26/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















PenFed Credit Union


                                            Applied for a credit card and was denied based on what they said was a loss from a personal loan in 1978. I have never had an account with PenFed, so I questioned the accuracy of this denial. Considering, as a business owner, my scores are well north of 700, I thought this...show more 



·    Share










Test Insurance Company2,
Insurance Company
@Wall_Test1 · 07/26/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Test Insurance Company


                                            26Jul20171700 This is my review for wallethub feedback submit testing reviews ratings optional 200 chars is limit. so much i have written already for review hope you read this review with positive attitube and take my feedback; optional 200 chars is limit. so much i have written...show more 



·    Share










Tram La,
Member
@traml · 07/26/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Test Insurance Company


                                            26Jul20171700 This is my review for wallethub feedback submit testing reviews ratings optional 200 chars is limit. so much i have written already for review hope you read this review with positive attitube and take my feedback; optional 200 chars is limit. so much i have written...show more 



·    Share










Raviteja Doppalapudi,
Member
@mail2meraviteja · 07/26/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Test Insurance Company


                                            My name is Raviteja                                                                                                                                   This is my Review comments                                       i                                        



·    Share










Qa User,
Member
@qatester1283 · 07/26/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Test Insurance Company


                                            tester tester tester testertestertestertestertestertestertester testertestertestertester    testervtestertestertester testertesterv testerv testervtestertester testertester testertesterv testertestert                                        



·    Share










manjunathapt_clk,
Member
@manjunathapt_clk · 07/26/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Test Insurance Company


                                            SampleRevie SampleRevie SampleRevie SampleRevie SampleRevie SampleRevieSampleRevieSampleRevieSampleRevieSample RevieSampleRevieSampleRevieSampleRevieSampleRevieS ampleRevieSampleRevieSampleRevieSampleRevieSampleR evieSampleRevie                                        



·    Share










Suresh Shaw,
Member
@sureshshaw2402 · 07/26/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Test Insurance Company


                                            aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa                                        



·    Share










Aaron Packard,
Member
@PissedCustomer · 07/26/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Commerce Bank


                                            I went to the branch at 9501 Antioch Road Overland Park, KS 66212 on July 25th. Tried to make a deposit and was told that part of the deposit could not be completed due to a policy. I asked for clarification of the policy and was told "I didn't need it explained to me...show more 



·    Share










npbhatter17,
Member
@npbhatter17 · 07/26/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















FINADV TEST


                                            great appgreat appgreat appgreat appgreat appgreat appgreat appgreat appgreat appgreat appgreat appgreat appgreat appgreat appgreat appgreat appgreat appgreat appgreat appgreat appgreat appgreat appgreat appgreat appgreat appgreat appgreat appgreat appgreat appgreat appgreat...show more 



·    Share










Himanshu Bhardwaj,
Member
@himanshu87 · 07/26/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Test Insurance Company


                                            Tell people about your experience: customer service, quality, etc. Tell people about your experience: customer service, quality, etc. vice, quality, etc. Tell people about your experience: customer service, quality, et                                        



·    Share










testing8734,
Member
@testing8734 · 07/26/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Test Insurance Company


                                            vdsvsvss fd d  fgf dfgh hgf j gjdflkgldjgfd jgd gdljgd gljdg gjfj gldjgd fgljfg gjdg dlgj ggjdgjdfgj fgvdsvsvss fd d  fgf dfgh hgf j gjdflkgldjgfd jgd gdljgd gljdg gjfj gldjgd fgljfg gjdg dlgj ggjdgjdlnkl j j                                        



·    Share










Auto Test,
Member
@thebluesunset1 · 07/25/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Test Insurance Company


                                            Write some random text (minimum of 200 characters).write some random text (minimum of 200 characters).write some random text (minimum of 200 characters).write some random text (minimum of 200 characters).write some random text (minimum of 200 characters).                                        



·    Share










Weijie Zhu,
Member
@weijiez · 07/25/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Test Insurance Company


                                            Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test Test...show more 



·    Share










yocumnole,
Member
@yocumnole · 07/25/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Andrew T. Yocum


                                            We wish Todd and his family all best. No one can control the markets and for 13 years he did an amazing job for us. These bloodthirsty lawyers will stop at nothing to tarnish his name for their own gain.                                        



·    Share










Bimochan Poudyal,
Member
@poudyb · 07/25/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















State Farm


                                            I called state farm after office hours to cancel my policy. It was a Friday night and I had already purchased insurance from another company.The person I talked to did not help me and suggested me to call my agents office Monday to cancel my insurance. He mentioned...show more 



·    Share










Diptish Deshmukh,
Member
@Diptish · 07/25/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Test Insurance Company


                                            kfgkls glksnfg fasnd adfaklsndadals pojrpgq rg qrgq rgqrgq qmg f,m gfg f,m sfdms fm fgfm gs fg;giqierg g afajrg r gqergpqre g prjgkenrg erg,m lekrgnwe, w,mg wlrenglwknreg werg wer g asdfansdfn dfnaa fandfa df adf ad fa dfadf ad  asdnfafkandf sd fa d,f asdnfa ds f                                        



·    Share










Kristy Hart,
Member
@khart03 · 07/25/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Philadelphia Federal Credit Union


                                            I want to start with saying that I am already a member of a non-local credit union and thought it would be good to choose this credit union for a new car loan to keep business local. After 2 weeks of waiting for the car loan to process, I've given up! I had to keep calling...show more 



·    Share










timdurbin1,
Member
@timdurbin1 · 07/25/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Synchrony Bank 


                                            I had a 36 month furniture loan. I paid it off in 17 mos. I made an extra payment. This payment STILL has not been refunded. After 3 hours on the phone, I was hung up on by a manager for not being OK to wait 3 more weeks for my refund. I asked what would happen to me if I was 11...show more 



·    Share










r_joy_smith,
Member
@r_joy_smith · 07/25/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Arlington Community Federal Credit Union


                                            This place is a joke. Customer service agents are unprofessional and inexperienced, can barely form a sentence in a comprehensive manor. I get better service from 7-11. Their transactions take days and days to post, meanwhile their system tells you you have money you can use....show more 



·    Share










churchfreak_86,
Member
@churchfreak_86 · 07/25/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Commerce Bank


                                            This has to be the worst bank ever! I just went up to the bank to deposit money and i went through the drive through and the bank teller "dropped" my money then she comes on the speaker saying I'm short?! I went in to talk to a manager they didn't care. .......show more 



·    Share










anujamjain,
Member
@anujamjain · 07/25/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Test Insurance Company


                                            This is my review for wallethub feedback submit testing reviews ratings optional 200 chars is limit. so much i have written already for review hope you read this review with positive attitube and take my feedback "); optional 200 chars is limit. so much i have written...show more 



·    Share










Anil Kumar Sannareddy,
Member
@anil_kumars_1 · 07/25/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Test Insurance Company


                                            Selenium Web Driver Testing. Selenium Web Driver Testing. Selenium Web Driver Testing.. Selenium Web Driver Testing. Selenium Web Driver Testing. Selenium Web Driver Testing. Selenium Web Driver Testing. Selenium Web Driver Testing. Selenium Web Driver Testing. Selenium Web...show more 



·    Share










Arun Joseph,
Member
@arunjose100 · 07/25/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Test Insurance Company


                                            This is for the purpose of testing Service is good hence rating is five This is for the purpose of testing.Service is good hence rating is five This is for the purpose of testing Service is good hence rating is fiveThis is for the purpose of testing Service is good hence rating...show more 



·    Share










Anu Mithree,
Member
@anu2017 · 07/25/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Test Insurance Company


                                            This is a sample review for the selenium test assignment 2 This is a sample review for the selenium test assignment 2 This is a sample review for the selenium test assignment 2 This is a sample review for the selenium test assignment 2                                        



·    Share










BEE Riders,
Member
@thebeeriders · 07/25/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Test Insurance Company


                                            Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec qu1234                                        



·    Share










Lili Gao,
Member
@liligao2 · 07/25/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Stage Stores Credit Card


                                            I was charged fees then late fees then fees. So $28.22 balance appeared out of thin air without any purchase. I moved while opening the credit card account so I did not receive statements on time (or maybe they did not send it to me). Called and got $17 back. As for the rest, I...show more 



·    Share










Veronica Espinoza,
Member
@veronicaeespino · 07/25/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Security Service Federal Credit Union


                                            I submitted a mortgage application on June 14, 2017. I applied for the Power Mortgage, because of the advertised $5000 towards closing costs. I was pre-approved for $260,000. On June 21st, we found a home, made an offer and it was accepted. On July 19th, I received final...show more 



·    Share










momasbad,
Member
@momasbad · 07/25/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Robert Knapp


                                            Oh my goodness! He is awesome! After looking for a house and working with several different mortgage companies we were ready to give up. I missed out on so many houses because of companies dragging their feet with paper work. Then, I met Robert Knapp! In two days he had me...show more 



·    Share










Kim Welch,
Member
@Knb070204 · 07/25/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Amazon.com Store Card


                                            IF I COULD GIVE IT A ZERO I WOULD! Amazon/Synchrony Bank will cut your limit out of no where, even when making monthly payments. I've spent almost a year trying to pay off a card THEY maxed out and now they have sent to collections AS IM PAYING IT! DO NOT APPLY FOR THIS CARD!                                        



·    Share










ef_gku,
Member
@ef_gku · 07/24/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















21st Century Insurance


                                            All good until it's not.  Over 15 years with 21st Century with 0 claims or accidents.  One MINOR accident with a payout of $1600 and my premium increases over 50%.  NOTE --- 0 claims in 15 years.  BS!                                        



·    Share










Holli Alleyne,
Member
@hollijw · 07/24/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















BrightStar Credit Union


                                            When I refinanced my car with them I had a great experience. When I opened a credit card with them the person who wrote a check to my current credit card company to transfer the balance left off a digit. I have never heard of a banking institution that can't count to 16 or...show more 



·    Share










562987,
Member
@562987 · 07/24/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Test Insurance Company


                                            Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. In sagittis nibh vel feugiat tincidunt. Aenean quis tortor tempus, condimentum nibh at, porta mauris. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent.2017-07-25 01:07:16.078                                        



·    Share










achampion248,
Member
@achampion248 · 07/24/17



 Permalink
 Follow User
 Flag
















Direct Auto Insurance


                                            The one star is generous! I purchased car insurance and paid 450.00 for the policy and had to cancel 3 days later and only received a refund for $220! These people are theives!! What kind of insurance is 230 dollars for 3 damn days! CROOKS!                                        



·    Share







Show More 






Popular Companies

































































































































































 











Get unlimited free credit scores & reports
Sign up for free credit monitoring
get your free credit score & report

Join WalletHub
+ 100% Free
+ Unlimited Credit Reports
+ Unlimited Credit Scores
+ Credit Monitoring Protection
+ Credit Improvement Tips
+ Automatically Finds Savings

JOIN FOR FREE
No credit card needed























Home | Beach Point Capital Management












Beach Point Capital







Discover Opportunity
investment beyond the traditional





Manage Risk
investment beyond the traditional





Navigate Complexity
investment beyond the traditional





© 2017 Beach Point Capital Management
Terms and Conditions









 














Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


