
Brent J. Beardall Named President at Washington Federal 


































PRWeb
Home
News Center
Blog



United States
United Kingdom
France

			Login
		
			Create a free account
		




RSS


Email Newsletters


Put PRWeb on your site




Brent J. Beardall Named President at Washington Federal



Share Article


















Washington Federal, Inc. (NASDAQ: WAFD) today announced that Chief Banking Officer Brent J. Beardall has been awarded the additional title of President for both the parent company and its primary operating subsidiary, Washington Federal, N.A.







Brent Beardall

Brent has been an indispensable part of our executive team for many years. We are very pleased to recognize his contributions to our success by naming him the sixth President of Washington Federal in its ninety-nine year history.”


Seattle, Washington (PRWEB)
July 26, 2016
 Washington Federal, Inc. (NASDAQ: WAFD) today announced that Chief Banking Officer Brent J. Beardall has been awarded the additional title of President for both the parent company and its primary operating subsidiary, Washington Federal, N.A.   
Mr. Beardall joined Washington Federal from Deloitte & Touche in 2001 as Controller and was promoted to Chief Financial Officer in 2003.  A Certified Public Accountant, he held that position until 2014, when he moved to the Chief Banking Officer role to broaden his executive experience.  As Chief Banking Officer, Mr. Beardall is responsible for all client-facing activities of the Company.  He has been a member of the Executive Management Committee for the past thirteen years.  Mr. Beardall holds an undergraduate degree and a masters degree in Accounting from Brigham Young University, and in 2014, he completed the Stanford University Executive Program.   
Roy M. Whitehead, who remains as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer commented, “Brent has been an indispensable part of our executive team for many years. We are very pleased to recognize his contributions to our success by naming him the sixth President of Washington Federal in its ninety-nine year history.”
Washington Federal, N.A., provides consumer and commercial deposit accounts, insurance products, financing for small to middle market businesses, commercial and residential real estate, including consumer mortgages and home equity lines of credit. Established in 1917, the Company operates 243 branches in Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Utah, Nevada, Arizona, Texas and New Mexico.  As of June 30, 2016, the Company reported $14.8 billion in assets, $10.6 billion in deposits and $2.0 billion in stockholders’ equity.
To find out more about the Company, please visit our website. The Company uses its website to distribute financial and other material information about the Company, which is routinely posted on and accessible at http://www.washingtonfederal.com.



Share article on social media or email:










View article via:
											Pdf
										
											Print
										






Contact Author

Amanda Maier
Washington Federal +1 206.626.8178
				Email >
			


									Visit website
								




News Center



Brent J. Beardall Named President at Washington Federal 


































PRWeb
Home
News Center
Blog



United States
United Kingdom
France

			Login
		
			Create a free account
		




RSS


Email Newsletters


Put PRWeb on your site




Brent J. Beardall Named President at Washington Federal



Share Article


















Washington Federal, Inc. (NASDAQ: WAFD) today announced that Chief Banking Officer Brent J. Beardall has been awarded the additional title of President for both the parent company and its primary operating subsidiary, Washington Federal, N.A.







Brent Beardall

Brent has been an indispensable part of our executive team for many years. We are very pleased to recognize his contributions to our success by naming him the sixth President of Washington Federal in its ninety-nine year history.”


Seattle, Washington (PRWEB)
July 26, 2016
 Washington Federal, Inc. (NASDAQ: WAFD) today announced that Chief Banking Officer Brent J. Beardall has been awarded the additional title of President for both the parent company and its primary operating subsidiary, Washington Federal, N.A.   
Mr. Beardall joined Washington Federal from Deloitte & Touche in 2001 as Controller and was promoted to Chief Financial Officer in 2003.  A Certified Public Accountant, he held that position until 2014, when he moved to the Chief Banking Officer role to broaden his executive experience.  As Chief Banking Officer, Mr. Beardall is responsible for all client-facing activities of the Company.  He has been a member of the Executive Management Committee for the past thirteen years.  Mr. Beardall holds an undergraduate degree and a masters degree in Accounting from Brigham Young University, and in 2014, he completed the Stanford University Executive Program.   
Roy M. Whitehead, who remains as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer commented, “Brent has been an indispensable part of our executive team for many years. We are very pleased to recognize his contributions to our success by naming him the sixth President of Washington Federal in its ninety-nine year history.”
Washington Federal, N.A., provides consumer and commercial deposit accounts, insurance products, financing for small to middle market businesses, commercial and residential real estate, including consumer mortgages and home equity lines of credit. Established in 1917, the Company operates 243 branches in Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Utah, Nevada, Arizona, Texas and New Mexico.  As of June 30, 2016, the Company reported $14.8 billion in assets, $10.6 billion in deposits and $2.0 billion in stockholders’ equity.
To find out more about the Company, please visit our website. The Company uses its website to distribute financial and other material information about the Company, which is routinely posted on and accessible at http://www.washingtonfederal.com.



Share article on social media or email:










View article via:
											Pdf
										
											Print
										






Contact Author

Amanda Maier
Washington Federal +1 206.626.8178
				Email >
			


									Visit website
								




News Center



Page Not Found - Leadership Directories
























Products


Blogs


About 


Client Support


Order













Return Home    
        Contact Us


 




                Toll free: 1-800-627-0311

                1407 Broadway, Suite 318, New York, NY 10018
Tel: (212) 627-4140     Fax: (212) 645-0931
            

                1667 K Street, NW, Suite 801, Washington, DC 20006
Tel: (202) 347-7757       Fax:
                (202) 628-3430
            




Terms of use

|

Privacy Policy

|

FAQ

|

Contact us


 ©  Leadership Directories, Inc.
            







Brent J Beardall - Sammamish, WA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Brent J Beardall in Sammamish, WA


Brent J Beardall

                                                                           Intelius found that Brent J Beardall  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from Sammamish, WA.  We have connected them to
                11 addresses,
                9 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Brent Joseph Beardall


Get Report Now

Age

Brent J Beardall is in his 40s

Brent Has Lived In

Sammamish, WA
Olympia, WA
Provo, UT

Brent's Relatives

Jennifer Beardall
Robert Beardall
Marjorie Beardall







Brent J Beardall



Zodiac SignCapricorn



GenderMale



Professional Status
Senior Vice President at Washington Federal Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Brent? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Brent, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Brent J Beardall
Get a Criminal Check on Brent J Beardall
Get a Public Record Report on Brent J Beardall
Get a People Search Report on Brent J Beardall


Brent J Beardall's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Brent J Beardall has lived as well as Brent J Beardall's phone numbers and email addresses.




Brent J Beardall Has Lived in 2 States
Washington Address for Brent J Beardall


25824 N* 4** P* 

Sammamish, WA


Has Lived In

Sammamish, WA
Olympia, WA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Brent J Beardall

() ***-**** - Sammamish, WA 
(425) ***-**** - Sammamish, WA 
(206) ***-**** - Seattle, WA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Brent J Beardall

b*******l@***.com
b*******l@***.com
b************l@***.com


Get Email Report




Brent J Beardall's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Brent J Beardall's academic history.  Find out which schools Brent J Beardall attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Brent J Beardall received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Brent J Beardall Has Attended 3 Schools
Brigham Young University 1989 – 2005               Brent J Beardall has a Master's degree in Accounting and Finance               
Brigham Young University               1989 – 2005               Brent J Beardall has a Master's Degree, in Accounting and Finance               
Brigham Young University               1989 – 2005               Brent J Beardall has a Master's Degree, Accounting and Finance in Accounting and Finance               


Brent J Beardall's Professional Information
Information regarding Brent J Beardall's professional history.  Find out previous places Brent J Beardall has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Brent J Beardall Has Worked at 10 Places
Company: Washington Federal Inc
               Title: Senior Vice President
Company: Washington Federal Inc
               Title: Chief Financial Officer
Brent J Beardall's Experience
Title: Senior Vice President
               Company: Washington Federal Inc
Job Details
               Washington Federal Bank for Savings was incorporated in Illinois in 1913. The bank operates two branches, and focuses primarily on accepting deposits and originating mortgage loans for homes in the Chicago area.
Title: Chief Financial Officer
               Company: Washington Federal Inc
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Brent J Beardall

 See Brent J Beardall's LinkedIn Profile



Brent J Beardall's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Brent J Beardall


Brent J Beardall's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Brent J Beardall's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Brent Beardall
Username Matches

                  BrentBeardall
                  BeardallBrent
                  Brent.Beardall
                  Beardall.Brent
                  Brent_Beardall
                  Beardall_Brent
                  Brent-Beardall
                  Beardall-Brent
                  BBeardall
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
B Beardall







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Brent J. Beardall Named President at Washington Federal - MarketWatch




























































Latest News










Dow

21,580
-31.71
-0.15%






Nasdaq

6,388
-2.25
-0.04%






S&P 500

2,473
-0.91
-0.04%









7:38 A.M. ET


Updated
      UPDATE: Hibbett Sports issues profit warning, citing 'very challenging sales trends', stock slides 16.5%
                                





 
7:37 A.M. ET


                                  Cal-Maine shares down 2.7% in Monday premarket trading
                                





 
7:36 A.M. ET


                                  Microsemi started at overweight with $61 stock price target at KeyBanc Capital
                                





 
7:36 A.M. ET


                                  Wix.com started at overweight with $88 stock price target at KeyBanc Capital
                                





 
7:35 A.M. ET


                                  Pandora Media shares up more than 3% in premarket trade
                                





 
7:35 A.M. ET


                                  Hibbett Sports stock extends losses, now down 16.5% premarket
                                





 
7:35 A.M. ET


                                  Gilead Sciences says late-stage results for HIV drug combination are similar to standard of care
                                





 
7:34 A.M. ET


                                  Eli Lilly expects to take 9 cents per-share charge in 2017 for deal
                                





 
7:33 A.M. ET


                                  Nektar to be eligible for up to $250 mln in additional milestone payments
                                





 
7:33 A.M. ET


                                  Cal-Maine Foods earnings miss expectations
                                





 
7:33 A.M. ET


                                  Nektar and Eli Lilly to develop autoimmune therapy
                                





 
7:32 A.M. ET


                                  Nektar Therapeutics to receive $150 mln milestone payment from Eli Lilly 
                                





 
7:32 A.M. ET


                                  Nektar Therapeutics stock halted premarket 
                                





 
7:31 A.M. ET


                                  This app will analyze your DNA to help you lose weight
                                





 
7:30 A.M. ET


                                  WebMD's stock resumes trade, rockets 20% premarket after buyout deal
                                





 
7:30 A.M. ET


                                  Hibbett Sports down 7% premarket after trading halt lifted
                                





 
7:29 A.M. ET


                                  Mersana Therapeutics started at overweight with $23 stock price target at J.P. Morgan
                                





 
7:28 A.M. ET


                                  Brighthouse Financial started at neutral with $78 stock price target at J.P. Morgan
                                





 
7:28 A.M. ET


Updated
      Black swans? Here’s why the recent global breakout in stocks should NOT be trusted
                                





 
7:28 A.M. ET


                                  Michaels Cos. upgraded to overweight from neutral at J.P. Morgan
                                





 








































Log In















 


Until New York Markets Open

Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings














Home






PRWeb




Get email alerts



         Brent J. Beardall Named President at Washington Federal
    








    By

Published: July 26, 2016 3:26 p.m. ET

Share


















































 



 






















Seattle, Washington, Jul 26, 2016 (PRWeb.com via COMTEX) -- Washington Federal, Inc. 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    WAFD, +0.00%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         today announced that Chief Banking Officer Brent J. Beardall has been awarded the additional title of President for both the parent company and its primary operating subsidiary, Washington Federal, N.A.  Mr. Beardall joined Washington Federal from Deloitte & Touche in 2001 as Controller and was promoted to Chief Financial Officer in 2003. A Certified Public Accountant, he held that position until 2014, when he moved to the Chief Banking Officer role to broaden his executive experience. As Chief Banking Officer, Mr. Beardall is responsible for all client-facing activities of the Company. He has been a member of the Executive Management Committee for the past thirteen years. Mr. Beardall holds an undergraduate degree and a masters degree in Accounting from Brigham Young University, and in 2014, he completed the Stanford University Executive Program.  Roy M. Whitehead, who remains as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer commented, "Brent has been an indispensable part of our executive team for many years. We are very pleased to recognize his contributions to our success by naming him the sixth President of Washington Federal in its ninety-nine year history."  Washington Federal, N.A., provides consumer and commercial deposit accounts, insurance products, financing for small to middle market businesses, commercial and residential real estate, including consumer mortgages and home equity lines of credit. Established in 1917, the Company operates 243 branches in Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Utah, Nevada, Arizona, Texas and New Mexico. As of June 30, 2016, the Company reported $14.8 billion in assets, $10.6 billion in deposits and $2.0 billion in stockholders' equity.  To find out more about the Company, please visit our website. The Company uses its website to distribute financial and other material information about the Company, which is routinely posted on and accessible at http://www.washingtonfederal.com.  Read the full story at http://www.prweb.com/releases/2016/07/prweb13578311.htm  PRWeb.com  PRWEB.COM Newswire 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


The dark side of cruises


O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family


This is what should really worry you about stocks

















Quote References


WAFD

+0.00
+0.00%





Most Popular





‘Game of Thrones’: The four biggest takeaways from 'Stormborn’





Americans in this field have the highest rate of divorce by age 30





O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family





The dark side of cruises





Kalashnikov: Reviving a Business That Was Almost Shot




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found




























Washington Federal Inc.
U.S.: Nasdaq: WAFD




$33.40

+0.00
(+0.00%)








Volume405.3K
Open$33.70
High$33.75
Low$33.10
P/E Ratio17.49
Div Yield1.8
Market Cap3.0B
























 






















MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



Courts


Credit


Currency


Judges


Markets


Society




U.S. Economy


U.S. Politics


U.S. Dollar


Europe


European Markets


Politics and Government




Russia


Washington, D.C.


Canada


Retail


Earnings


Sales






People in the news



Trump, Donald


Jordan, Michael


Phelps, Michael


Williams, Brian


Williams, Michael


Jones, Brian




Williams, James


Lynch, Michael


Jones, Edward


Snow, John


Warner, John


King, John




Warner, Mark


McConnell, Mitch


Woods, Tiger


Kelly, Gary


Kennedy, Robert


Kelly, Robert






Companies in the news



The Associated Press


Halliburton Co.


Hasbro Inc.


Jones


Texas Pacific Group


Precision Industries




Apple Inc.


United Health Services


Trend Line


Performance


Ball Corp.


Bank of America Corp.




Exxon Mobil Corp.


News Corp.


Facebook


Capital One Financial


Travel


Professional Services Group






Organizations in the news



European Court of Justice


European Union


Supreme Court


Republican Party


United Nations


OPEC




European Central Bank


World Bank


Small Business Administration


Nasdaq Stock Market


Food and Drug Administration


University of Washington




Washington State University


Washington University


Brookings Institution


Harvard University


New York University


University of California












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




7:48 AM EDT
July 24, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:39aUPDATE: Hibbett Sports issues profit warning, citing 'very challenging sales trends', stock slides 16.5%
7:37aCal-Maine shares down 2.7% in Monday premarket trading
7:37aMicrosemi started at overweight with $61 stock price target at KeyBanc Capital
7:37aWix.com started at overweight with $88 stock price target at KeyBanc Capital
7:36aPandora Media shares up more than 3% in premarket trade
7:35aHibbett Sports stock extends losses, now down 16.5% premarket
7:35aGilead Sciences says late-stage results for HIV drug combination are similar to standard of care
7:34aEli Lilly expects to take 9 cents per-share charge in 2017 for deal
7:34aNektar to be eligible for up to $250 mln in additional milestone payments
7:33aCal-Maine Foods earnings miss expectations
7:33aNektar and Eli Lilly to develop autoimmune therapy
7:33aNektar Therapeutics to receive $150 mln milestone payment from Eli Lilly 
7:32aNektar Therapeutics stock halted premarket 
7:32aThis app will analyze your DNA to help you lose weight
7:31aWebMD's stock resumes trade, rockets 20% premarket after buyout deal
7:31aHibbett Sports down 7% premarket after trading halt lifted
7:29aMersana Therapeutics started at overweight with $23 stock price target at J.P. Morgan
7:29aBrighthouse Financial started at neutral with $78 stock price target at J.P. Morgan
7:28aBlack swans? Here’s why the recent global breakout in stocks should NOT be trusted
7:28aMichaels Cos. upgraded to overweight from neutral at J.P. Morgan
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Brent J. Beardall - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Brent J. Beardall
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director at Washington Federal, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Brent J. Beardall? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Brent J. Beardall's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Brent J. Beardall's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Brent J. Beardall's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Brent J. Beardall through your network of contacts.
												








Brent J. Beardall's Executive Work History


Current


President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, 
Washington Federal, Inc.


Past
To view Brent J. Beardall's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 Master's, 
															Brigham Young University


Age
45

 
 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Brent J. Beardall's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Brent J. Beardall. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Brent J. Beardall's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Brent J. Beardall's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Brent J. Beardall through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Brent J. Beardall


















Brent J. Beardall's Connections (32)





Sign up now to view Brent J. Beardall's 32 connections »









Barbara L. Smith
Board Member, Washington Federal, Inc.









Jack B. Jacobson
Former EVP Commercial Real Estate, Washington Federal, Inc.









John F. Clearman
Former Board Member, Washington Federal, Inc.









Vincent L. Beatty
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Washington Federal, Inc.









Randall H. Talbot
Board Member, Washington Federal, Inc.









Roy M. Whitehead
Chairman & CEO, Washington Federal, Inc.









Ronald L. Saper
Former Executive Vice President and CFO, Washington Federal, Inc.









WILLIAM A. CASSELS
Former Executive Vice President, Washington Federal, Inc.









Thomas F. Kenney
Former Board Member, Washington Federal, Inc.









Derek L. Chinn
Former Board Member, Washington Federal, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993

















Brent J. Beardall, President & Chief Banking Officer, Washington Federal, “Washington Federal: After 100 Years, What’s Next?” – Rotary Club of Bellevue




























































































 






Rotary Club of Bellevue Bellevue’s largest Rotary Club, serving our community and the world since 1961. 


















Speakers

Brent J. Beardall, President & Chief Banking Officer, Washington Federal, “Washington Federal: After 100 Years, What’s Next?” 

April 11, 2017








      Brent Beardall is President and Chief Banking Officer of Washington Federal (NASDAQ: WAFD), the largest bank headquartered in the State of Washington. It was recently announced that he will be appointed CEO on April 1, 2017.
Beardall, age 45, joined Washington Federal in 2001, as Controller, after serving as Audit Manager with Deloitte & Touche for three years. In 2003, he was promoted to Chief Financial Officer and joined the executive management committee. In March 2014, Beardall became Chief Banking Officer responsible for all client-facing activities, and in July of 2016, he was named President.
Beardall is a Certified Public Accountant, with a B.S. degree in accounting and an MBA at Brigham Young University. In 2013, he completed the Stanford University Graduate School of Business Executive Program and currently serves on the board of the YMCA of Greater Seattle.












Related Posts



 



Speakers / 


Dan Satterberg, King County Prosecuting Attorney







 



Speakers / 


Vikram Jandhyala, University of Washington, “The Global Innovation Exchange: Developing Leaders in Innovation to Solve the World’s Greatest Challenges.”











 









SITE SEARCH


 





 



 



 

 














UPCOMING SPEAKERS > AUG 01. Michael P. Verchot, Director, University of Washington Consulting and Business Development Center, “Economic Imperative for Growing Minority‑Owned Businesses”AUG 08. Jamie Vos ON THE CALENDAR > JUL 27.
Bellevue Rotary Thirsty Thursday, 6PM, Scotty BrownsJUL 28-30.
Bellevue Rotary ARTSfair Ice Cream Sales!AUG 12.
Rotary First Harvest Work Party, 8:30AM, Northwest Harvest, Kent

























Recent Bulletin Categories
Announcements
Event Photos
BRC Fellowship Events
Local Community Service
Weekly Photos































































Brent J. Beardall, President & Chief Banking Officer, Washington Federal, “Washington Federal: After 100 Years, What’s Next?” – Rotary Club of Bellevue




























































































 






Rotary Club of Bellevue Bellevue’s largest Rotary Club, serving our community and the world since 1961. 


















Speakers

Brent J. Beardall, President & Chief Banking Officer, Washington Federal, “Washington Federal: After 100 Years, What’s Next?” 

April 11, 2017








      Brent Beardall is President and Chief Banking Officer of Washington Federal (NASDAQ: WAFD), the largest bank headquartered in the State of Washington. It was recently announced that he will be appointed CEO on April 1, 2017.
Beardall, age 45, joined Washington Federal in 2001, as Controller, after serving as Audit Manager with Deloitte & Touche for three years. In 2003, he was promoted to Chief Financial Officer and joined the executive management committee. In March 2014, Beardall became Chief Banking Officer responsible for all client-facing activities, and in July of 2016, he was named President.
Beardall is a Certified Public Accountant, with a B.S. degree in accounting and an MBA at Brigham Young University. In 2013, he completed the Stanford University Graduate School of Business Executive Program and currently serves on the board of the YMCA of Greater Seattle.












Related Posts



 



Speakers / 


Dan Satterberg, King County Prosecuting Attorney







 



Speakers / 


Vikram Jandhyala, University of Washington, “The Global Innovation Exchange: Developing Leaders in Innovation to Solve the World’s Greatest Challenges.”











 









SITE SEARCH


 





 



 



 

 














UPCOMING SPEAKERS > AUG 01. Michael P. Verchot, Director, University of Washington Consulting and Business Development Center, “Economic Imperative for Growing Minority‑Owned Businesses”AUG 08. Jamie Vos ON THE CALENDAR > JUL 27.
Bellevue Rotary Thirsty Thursday, 6PM, Scotty BrownsJUL 28-30.
Bellevue Rotary ARTSfair Ice Cream Sales!AUG 12.
Rotary First Harvest Work Party, 8:30AM, Northwest Harvest, Kent

























Recent Bulletin Categories
Announcements
Event Photos
BRC Fellowship Events
Local Community Service
Weekly Photos





























































Brent J. Beardall CPA: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 7:48 AM ET
Thrifts and Mortgage Finance

Company Overview of Washington Federal, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Brent J. Beardall CPAPresident, CEO & Director, Washington Federal, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 2 different industries.See Board Relationships46$1,270,971As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Brent J. Beardall, CPA has been the Chief Executive Officer of Washington Federal, Inc. since April 1, 2017 and has been its President since July 26, 2016. Mr. Beardall has been the President of Washington Federal, National Association since July 26, 2016 and has been its Chief Executive Officer since April 1, 2017 and served as its Chief Banking Officer since 2014 until April 1, 2017. He served as Chief Banking Officer of Washington Federal, Inc. since March 25, ... 2014 until April 1, 2017 and served as its Executive Vice President October 2007. Mr. Beardall served as Interim Chief Financial Officer of Washington Federal, Inc. from September 21, 2015 to May 23, 2016. Mr. Beardall served as the Chief Financial Officer of Washington Federal Inc. from October 2003 to March 25, 2014 and its Principal Accounting Officer from February 2003 to March 25, 2014 and also served as its Senior Vice President from October 2003 to October 2007. He served as Controller at Washington Federal Inc. since February 2001. He worked as an Auditor for Deloitte & Touche LLP in Seattle for six years. He has been a Director of Washington Federal, Inc. and Washington Federal, National Association since April 1, 2017. Mr. Beardall is a Certified Public Accountant. He holds an undergraduate degree and a masters degree in accounting from brigham young university and in 2014, he completed the Stanford university executive program.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
425 Pike StreetSeattle, Washington 98101United StatesPhone: 206-624-7930Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2017-PresentPresident, CEO & DirectorWashington Federal, Inc.2017-PresentChief Executive Officer, President and DirectorWashington Federal, National Association
Education
Bachelor's Degree Brigham Young UniversityMaster's Degree Brigham Young University
Other Affiliations
Brigham Young UniversityWashington Federal, National Association


Annual Compensation
Salary$398,925Total Annual Compensation$398,925
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$475,361All Other Compensation$32,147Exercised Options$10,000Exercised Options Value$26,615Exercisable Options$30,000Exercisable Options Value$82,300Total Value of Options$108,915Total Number of Options$40,000
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$795,610Total Short Term Compensation$398,925Other Long Term Compensation$507,508Total Calculated Compensation$1,270,971




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationRandall M. Chesler Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, President of Glacier Bank and Director of Glacier BankGlacier Bancorp, Inc.$411.5KPin  Tai CEO, President, CEO of Cathay Bank, President of Cathay Bank and Director of Cathay BankCathay General Bancorp$640.2KJack L. Kopnisky President, CEO & Non Independent DirectorSterling Bancorp$800.0KMichael Terry Turner CEO, President & DirectorPinnacle Financial Partners, Inc.$856.5KC. Randall Sims Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Director of Centennial BankHome Bancshares, Inc. (Conway, AR)$295.0KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Washington Federal, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























Brent Beardall |  | Decypha

































Sign In
|
Welcome  Guest 









 







Regions

GCC
                                |
                                    Levant
                                |
                                    MENA
                                |
                                    North Africa




GCC

Bahrain
                            |
                            Kuwait
                            |
                            Oman
                            |
                            Qatar
                            |
                            Saudi Arabia
                            |
                            United Arab Emirates




Levant

Iraq
                            |
                            Jordan
                            |
                            Lebanon
                            |
                            Palestine




North Africa

Egypt
                            |
                            Libya
                            |
                            Morocco
                            |
                            Tunisia




Others

Iran
                            |
                            Turkey
                            |
                            United Kingdom
                            |
                            United States












Advanced Search















News






Markets






Companies






Research






Funds






Fixed Income






Money Markets






Commodities






FX






Economics






Analysis






More











Sign In
Membership
Customize Your Decypha
Logout
Welcome
Decypha Alerts












Home




People Profiles




People Profile



Brent Beardall Profile














Full Name:

                                                    Brent Beardall
                                                







Country:











Biography


                                                    Brent J. Beardall, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since October 2007; Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from October... 











Designations




Date
Designation
Entity
Entity Description
Country




2001


Washington Federal Inc.

--

--









Check all the  individuals in 
Check The List






Request a Trial
















Title:*


Select
Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Job Title:*


Select
 Asset Managers
 Corporate Banks
 Investment Managers
 Wealth Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Legal Practioners
 Academics
 Hedge Funds
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Equity Research Analysts




Phone:*



Company:*




Email:*




Country:*


Select

                                                Afganistan
                                        

                                                Albania
                                        

                                                Algeria
                                        

                                                American Samoa
                                        

                                                Andorra
                                        

                                                Angola
                                        

                                                Anguilla
                                        

                                                Antarctica
                                        

                                                Antigua and Barbuda
                                        

                                                Argentina
                                        

                                                Armenia
                                        

                                                Aruba
                                        

                                                Australia
                                        

                                                Austria
                                        

                                                Azerbaijan
                                        

                                                Bahamas
                                        

                                                Bahrain
                                        

                                                Bangladesh
                                        

                                                Barbados
                                        

                                                Belarus
                                        

                                                Belgium
                                        

                                                Belize
                                        

                                                Benin
                                        

                                                Bermuda
                                        

                                                Bhutan
                                        

                                                Bolivia
                                        

                                                Bosnia and Herzegovina
                                        

                                                Botswana
                                        

                                                Bouvet Island
                                        

                                                Brazil
                                        

                                                British Indian Ocean Territory
                                        

                                                Brunei
                                        

                                                Bulgaria
                                        

                                                Burkina Faso
                                        

                                                Burundi
                                        

                                                Cambodia
                                        

                                                Cameroon
                                        

                                                Canada
                                        

                                                Cape Verde
                                        

                                                Cayman Islands
                                        

                                                Central African Republic
                                        

                                                Chad
                                        

                                                Chile
                                        

                                                China
                                        

                                                Christmas Island
                                        

                                                Cocos (Keeling) Islands
                                        

                                                Colombia
                                        

                                                Comoros
                                        

                                                Congo
                                        

                                                Cook Islands
                                        

                                                Costa Rica
                                        

                                                Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
                                        

                                                Croatia (Hrvatska)
                                        

                                                Cuba
                                        

                                                Curacao
                                        

                                                Cyprus
                                        

                                                Czech Republic
                                        

                                                Czechoslovakia (former)
                                        

                                                Denmark
                                        

                                                Djibouti
                                        

                                                Dominica
                                        

                                                Dominican Republic
                                        

                                                East Timor
                                        

                                                Ecuador
                                        

                                                Egypt
                                        

                                                El Salvador
                                        

                                                Equatorial Guinea
                                        

                                                Eritrea
                                        

                                                Estonia
                                        

                                                Ethiopia
                                        

                                                Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
                                        

                                                Faroe Islands
                                        

                                                Fiji
                                        

                                                Finland
                                        

                                                France
                                        

                                                France, Metropolitan
                                        

                                                French Guiana
                                        

                                                French Polynesia
                                        

                                                French Southern Territories
                                        

                                                Gabon
                                        

                                                Gambia
                                        

                                                Georgia
                                        

                                                Germany
                                        

                                                Ghana
                                        

                                                Gibraltar
                                        

                                                Greece
                                        

                                                Greenland
                                        

                                                Grenada
                                        

                                                Guadeloupe
                                        

                                                Guam
                                        

                                                Guatemala
                                        

                                                Guernsey
                                        

                                                Guinea
                                        

                                                Guinea-Bissau
                                        

                                                Guyana
                                        

                                                Haiti
                                        

                                                Heard and McDonald Islands
                                        

                                                Honduras
                                        

                                                Hong Kong
                                        

                                                Hungary
                                        

                                                Iceland
                                        

                                                India
                                        

                                                Indonesia
                                        

                                                Iran
                                        

                                                Iraq
                                        

                                                Ireland
                                        

                                                Isle of Man
                                        

                                                Israel
                                        

                                                Italy
                                        

                                                Jamaica
                                        

                                                Japan
                                        

                                                Jersey
                                        

                                                Jordan
                                        

                                                Kazakhstan
                                        

                                                Kenya
                                        

                                                Kiribati
                                        

                                                Kuwait
                                        

                                                Kyrgyzstan
                                        

                                                Laos
                                        

                                                Latvia
                                        

                                                Lebanon
                                        

                                                Lesotho
                                        

                                                Liberia
                                        

                                                Libya
                                        

                                                Liechtenstein
                                        

                                                Lithuania
                                        

                                                Luxembourg
                                        

                                                Macau
                                        

                                                Macedonia
                                        

                                                Madagascar
                                        

                                                Malawi
                                        

                                                Malaysia
                                        

                                                Maldives
                                        

                                                Mali
                                        

                                                Malta
                                        

                                                Marshall Islands
                                        

                                                Martinique
                                        

                                                Mauritania
                                        

                                                Mauritius
                                        

                                                Mayotte
                                        

                                                Mexico
                                        

                                                Micronesia
                                        

                                                Moldova
                                        

                                                Monaco
                                        

                                                Mongolia
                                        

                                                Montenegro
                                        

                                                Montserrat
                                        

                                                Morocco
                                        

                                                Mozambique
                                        

                                                Myanmar
                                        

                                                Namibia
                                        

                                                Nauru
                                        

                                                Nepal
                                        

                                                Netherlands
                                        

                                                Netherlands Antilles
                                        

                                                Neutral Zone
                                        

                                                New Caledonia
                                        

                                                New Zealand (Aotearoa)
                                        

                                                Nicaragua
                                        

                                                Niger
                                        

                                                Nigeria
                                        

                                                Niue
                                        

                                                Norfolk Island
                                        

                                                North Korea
                                        

                                                Northern Mariana Islands
                                        

                                                Norway
                                        

                                                Oman
                                        

                                                Pakistan
                                        

                                                Palau
                                        

                                                Palestine
                                        

                                                Panama
                                        

                                                Papua New Guinea
                                        

                                                Paraguay
                                        

                                                Peru
                                        

                                                Philippines
                                        

                                                Pitcairn
                                        

                                                Poland
                                        

                                                Portugal
                                        

                                                Puerto Rico
                                        

                                                Qatar
                                        

                                                Reunion
                                        

                                                Romania
                                        

                                                Russia
                                        

                                                Rwanda
                                        

                                                S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
                                        

                                                Saint Kitts and Nevis
                                        

                                                Saint Lucia
                                        

                                                Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
                                        

                                                Samoa
                                        

                                                San Marino
                                        

                                                Sao Tome and Principe
                                        

                                                Saudi Arabia
                                        

                                                Senegal
                                        

                                                Serbia
                                        

                                                Seychelles
                                        

                                                Sierra Leone
                                        

                                                Singapore
                                        

                                                Slovak Republic
                                        

                                                Slovenia
                                        

                                                Solomon Islands
                                        

                                                Somalia
                                        

                                                South Africa
                                        

                                                South Korea
                                        

                                                South Sudan
                                        

                                                Spain
                                        

                                                Sri Lanka
                                        

                                                St. Helena
                                        

                                                St. Pierre and Miquelon
                                        

                                                Sudan
                                        

                                                Suriname
                                        

                                                Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
                                        

                                                Swaziland
                                        

                                                Sweden
                                        

                                                Switzerland
                                        

                                                Syria
                                        

                                                Taiwan
                                        

                                                Tajikistan
                                        

                                                Tanzania
                                        

                                                Thailand
                                        

                                                Togo
                                        

                                                Tokelau
                                        

                                                Tonga
                                        

                                                Trinidad and Tobago
                                        

                                                Tunisia
                                        

                                                Turkey
                                        

                                                Turkmenistan
                                        

                                                Turks and Caicos Islands
                                        

                                                Tuvalu
                                        

                                                US Minor Outlying Islands
                                        

                                                USSR (former)
                                        

                                                Uganda
                                        

                                                Ukraine
                                        

                                                United Arab Emirates
                                        

                                                United Kingdom
                                        

                                                United States
                                        

                                                Uruguay
                                        

                                                Uzbekistan
                                        

                                                Vanuatu
                                        

                                                Vatican City State (Holy See)
                                        

                                                Venezuela
                                        

                                                Vietnam
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (British)
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (U.S.)
                                        

                                                Wallis and Futuna Islands
                                        

                                                Western Sahara
                                        

                                                Yemen
                                        

                                                Yugoslavia
                                        

                                                Zaire
                                        

                                                Zambia
                                        

                                                Zimbabwe
                                        




Comments:





*Required Fields


 

 Submit








Already Registered?








Login attempt was not successful. Please try again








Username/ Email:



Password:





Enter Characters:















 

 Login





 Forget your password?
























By Job Title


Asset Managers |
                                    Corporate Banks |
                                    Investment Managers |
                                    Wealth Managers |
                                    Consultants & Advisors |
                                    Legal Practitioners |
                                    Academics |
                                    Hedge Funds |
                                    Private Equity Analysts |
                                    Traders |
                                    Equity Research Analysts


By Scope


Equity |
                                    Fixed Income |
                                    Funds |
                                    Excel  |
                                    Analytical Tools  |
                                    Markets  |
                                    Prices  |
                                    Money Market |
                                    News |
                                    Industry |
                                    IPOs |
                                    Mergers & Acquisitions |
                                    Commodities |
                                    Economics



Covered Countries and Exchanges

















Add Your Company | 
                                        Add Yourself | 
                                        Terms and Conditions | 
                                        Privacy Policy | 
                                        About DirectFN









Copyright ©  DirectFN. All Rights Reserved.











Data Not Available









Login











Login attempt was not successful. Please try again


Username/ Email:


Password:



Enter Characters:











 Forget your password?











Back to Top

Support & Feedback


Ask for free trial









Request a Trial
















Title:*


Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Email:*




Phone:*



Promo. Code:



Country:*


Select
Afganistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
Croatia (Hrvatska)
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Czechoslovakia (former)
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
France, Metropolitan
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
New Zealand (Aotearoa)
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovak Republic
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre and Miquelon
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
US Minor Outlying Islands
USSR (former)
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Company:*



Job Title:


Select
 Academics
 Asset Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Corporate Banks
 Equity Research Analysts
 Hedge Funds
 Investment Managers
 Legal Practioners
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Wealth Managers




Comments:




*Required Fields


 

 Submit



















Contact Us












Hello ,Please use the below form for
                            Product support & feedback


Name :  *  


Email:  * 


Phone Number :  * 






Preferred contact method :
Email
Phone











Technical Support 24x7: +94 112 314900 / slhops@directfn.net
Your Account Manager is, , , 






















 Get a Decypha Membership to view this content..................







Get a Decypha Membership


 Get the membership of Decypha Premium Package to access more exciting features including advanced analytical tools and the Pro 10 package. Pro 10 is designed keeping active investors in mind and offers a flexible framework to view information and do analysis the way you desire.

All you need to access these valuable features is to click on the Get a membership button and submit your details to our sales team.















Upgrade your Membership


 Account is not entitled to view this information.

 Please contact your account manager to upgrade your Membership.

Email :  support@decypha.com






 Register to view this content..................







 Decypha Free Registration


Register free with Decypha and get access to real-time price information and many other features including Technical Scanner, Fundamental Screener etc.

Just click the Registration button, submit your details and get registered for free.








 

   Brent Beardall | Washington Federal Inc | ZoomInfo.com