




	Robert Behan 






 













































Corporate Homepage
Contact Us
Careers
 Login









Investments


Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds






Mutual Funds

US Equity



                                                        Dividend Growth
                                                    



                                                        Growth
                                                    



                                                        Growth and Income
                                                    



                                                        Opportunistic Value
                                                    


Fixed Income



                                                        High Income Opportunities
                                                    



                                                        Total Return Bond
                                                    




Global Equity



                                                        Emerging Market Equity
                                                    



                                                        Evolving World Growth
                                                    



                                                        Global Equity
                                                    



                                                        Global Growth & Income
                                                    



                                                        International Growth
                                                    


Convertible



                                                        Global Convertible
                                                    



                                                        Convertible
                                                    


Alternative



                                                        Hedged Equity Income
                                                    



                                                        Phineus Long/Short
                                                    



                                                        Market Neutral Income
                                                    






Closed-End Funds



                                                        Dynamic Convertible & Income (CCD)
                                                    



                                                        Convertible Opportunities & Income (CHI)
                                                    



                                                        Convertible & High Income (CHY)
                                                    



                                                        Global Dynamic Income (CHW)
                                                    



                                                        Strategic Total Return (CSQ)
                                                    



                                                        Global Total Return (CGO)
                                                    











Insights 


Market Perspectives
Investment Commentary
Blog
Videos







Market Perspectives

                                            Our economic review and outlook.

                                                View Now
                                                >
                                            





                                                Investment
                                                Commentary
                                            

Access analysis and commentary on timely investment topics.

                                            View Now
                                            >
                                        



The Calamos Blog


                                            Perspectives on investing, the economy and the global financial markets.

                                                View Now
                                                >
                                            




Videos


                                            View our video gallery and find video clips of Calamos investment professionals.

                                                View Now
                                                >
                                            








Blog




About




Our Organization
For more than 40 years Calamos Investments has been committed to excellence in investment management and client services.


Company
Learn about our innovative investment strategies including equity, low-volatility equity, fixed income, convertible and alternative investments.  


Locations
Headquartered in the Chicago metropolitan area, the firm also has offices in London and New York.






Mission & Values
Learn about our culture and commitment to exceeding our client’s needs and expectations.






Our Organization
Company
Our Capabilities
Locations
Mission & Values







News 


News and Events
Audio and Videos






News and Events

                                            Get the latest news and updates featuring Calamos, our funds, leadership
                                            team and recent press releases.
                                        


                                            View Now >
                                        


Audio and Videos

                                            View our audio and video gallery to find clips of Calamos investment
                                            professionals discussing their market perspectives on CNBC,
                                            Bloomberg, Morningstar and more.
                                        


                                            View Now >
                                        







Resources 


Mutual Funds
Closed End Funds
Forms & Applications
Go Paperless
Tax Center
Proxy Voting






Mutual Funds

                                            Download Quarterly Commentaries, Fact Sheets, Annual
                                            Reports, Semi-Annual Reports, Summary Prospectuses, Statutory
                                            Prospectuses and SAI Reports for all Calamos Mutual Funds.
                                        


                                            View Now >
                                        


Closed-End Funds

                                            Download Quarterly Commentaries, Fact Sheets, Annual
                                            Reports and Prospectuses for all Calamos Closed-End Funds.
                                        


                                            View Now >
                                        


Applications & Forms

                                            Complete New Account Applications,
                                            Authorization Forms, Additional Investment Forms and more for all
                                            Calamos Mutual Funds.
                                        

                                            View Now >
                                        


Tax Center

                                            Find capital gains, distributions and other
                                            tax-related resources for Calamos' investment products.
                                        

                                            View Now >
                                        














	Executive Officers




				Robert Behan, CFA
			President and Head of Global Distribution                            
Robert F. Behan leads Global Distribution, which includes the firm’s Intermediary, Institutional, International, and Strategic Partner channels.  His duties include distribution, market analysis, and product optimization, selection and placement. A member of the executive management team, he is also responsible for business execution, strategic growth initiatives, and corporate development, along with the firm’s overall global distribution strategy and execution. Bob serves as Vice President to the Calamos Investment Trust. He joined the firm in 2007 and has 28 years of industry experience.

Bob joined Calamos as Director of Retirement Distribution. He has extensive industry experience in several senior positions including Vice President – Head of Sales for Citizens Advisers, Vice President – Head of Institutional Northeast for Strong Capital Management, and Vice President–Large Market Institutional for CIGNA Retirement and Investment Services. At each of his prior firms, Bob attained #1 producer status, and at age 29 was the youngest person to join CIGNA’s prestigious “Gold Circle.” 


Bob is frequently sought out for his insights on trends the financial services industry. He has recently been quoted in Ignites, Fund Action, MFWire, and Pensions & Investments. He received a B.A. in Economics from Syracuse University and is also a CFA charterholder.













Investment Products

Institutional Strategies
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Investment Funds (UCITS)



Market Insights

Thought Leadership
Investment Commentary
Blog
Videos



Account Access

Institutional Strategies
Individual Investors
Investment Professionals



Resources

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Institutional Strategies
Applications & Forms
Tax Center



About Calamos

Company
Careers



Follow Us











Check the background of this investment professional on FINRA's BrokerCheck.


Before investing carefully consider the fund's investment objectives,
            risks, charges and expenses. Please see the prospectus and summary prospectus containing
            this and other information or call 1-800-582-6959. Read it carefully before
            investing.
Calamos Financial Services LLC, Distributor
©2014 Calamos Investments LLC. All Rights Reserved. Calamos®,
            Calamos Investments® and Investment strategies for your serious
            money® are registered trademarks of Calamos Investments LLC.
Calamos Investments LLC, referred to herein as Calamos Investments®,
            is a financial services company offering such services through its
            subsidiaries: Calamos Advisors LLC, Calamos Wealth Management LLC, Calamos
            Investments LLP and Calamos Financial Services LLC.
Important Legal Information | Privacy
            Policy | Business Continuity | Code of Business
            Conduct and Ethics
Desktop Version



Speak with a Calamos Investment Consultant at 888-571-2567




















Behance











Behance











Behance











Behance











Behance











Behance











Behance













	(NO WORD) Trademark of Behan, Robert J.. Serial Number: 77860791 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Furniture Products
Logo Mark










 
Get FREE email alerts













Logo Mark  Trademark Information
 Behan, Robert J.
PLASTIC CLIP FOR SECURING THE EMPTY PORTION OF FLEXIBLE SQUEEZE TUBES




Perfect for these industries

Furniture Products





Words that describe this mark
plastic   clip   securing   portion   flexible   squeeze   tubes    
                                    




This is a brand page for the the Logo trademark by Behan, Robert J. 
                                in Chilliwack, B.C., , V2P7Z2.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this the Logo trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Behan, Robert J. of the the Logo trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the the Logo trademark.
                           






On Thursday, October 29, 2009,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        the above pictured logo by 
                        Behan, Robert J., Chilliwack, B.C. V2P7Z2.
                        The USPTO has given the  
                        trademark serial  number of  77860791.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE.
                        The correspondent listed for  is 
                        
                        
                                            RICHARD C. LITMAN of 
                                            LITMAN LAW OFFICES, LTD.,  PO BOX 15035, ARLINGTON, VA 22215-0035 
                                .
                            The  trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Furniture Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for  
                            is PLASTIC CLIP FOR SECURING THE EMPTY PORTION OF FLEXIBLE SQUEEZE TUBES. 
                            





Word mark:
 (NO WORD)


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE

9/1/2010






  Serial Number:  
77860791


  Filing Date:  
10/29/2009


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
PLASTIC CLIP FOR SECURING THE EMPTY PORTION OF FLEXIBLE SQUEEZE TUBES


 Mark Description: 
The mark consists of A CURVED LINE THAT FOLDS OVER ITSELF. THE TOP PORTION IS CURVED UPWARDS WHILE THE BOTTOM PORTION IS FLAT. THE ENTIRE LINE IS 'C-SHAPED'.


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
N/A


Last Applicant/Owner:

Behan, Robert J.Chilliwack, B.C. V2P7Z2
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design (No Words)


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                    Other small hardware articles, including hooks, magnets  (Hardware, tools and ladders, non  -  motorized agricultural implements; keys and locks.  -  Small hardware articles, springs ) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


RICHARD C. LITMAN
LITMAN LAW OFFICES, LTD.
PO BOX 15035
ARLINGTON, VA 22215-0035






 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (020) - Furniture, mirrors, picture frames; goods (not included in other classes) of wood, cork, reed, cane, wicker, horn, bone, ivory, whalebone, shell, amber, mother-of-pearl, meerschaum and substitutes for all these materials, or of plastics. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your the Logo trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

9/1/2010
ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



RICHARD C. LITMAN


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of the Logo trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159
















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for the Logo 




the Logo is providing PLASTIC CLIP FOR SECURING THE EMPTY PORTION OF FLEXIBLE SQUEEZE TUBES.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 























Robert Behan: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 7:10 PM ET
Food Products

Company Overview of ABP Food Group Ltd.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Robert   Behan  Managing Director of Abp Renewables, ABP Food Group Ltd.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 0 Board Members in 0 different organizations across 1 different industries.----
Background

		Mr. Robert Behan has been the Managing Director of ABP Renewables of ABP Food Group Ltd since March 2nd 2016. Mr. Behan served as the Chief Executive Officer of ABP Renewables of ABP Food Group since October 2005 until March 2nd 2016. Mr. Behan has significant management experience in commodity processing and risk management from the positions held with Cargill Plc in the United Kingdom, Netherlands and Singapore between 1993 and 1999. He holds higher diploma in French ... from Universite de Sorbonne.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
14 Castle StreetArdee, Co. Louth --IrelandPhone: 353 41 685 0200Fax: 353 41 685 0262
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
				There is no Education data available.
				Other Affiliations
				There is no Company Affiliations data available.
			

Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact ABP Food Group Ltd., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Robert E Behan - Brooklyn, NY | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Robert E Behan in Brooklyn, NY


Robert E Behan

                                                                           Intelius found that Robert E Behan  is  a male between 40 and 40 years old from Brooklyn, NY.  We have connected them to
                4 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 6 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Robert E Behan is in his 40s

Robert Has Lived In

Brooklyn, NY
Chicago, IL
Larchmont, NY

Robert's Relatives

Leona Behan
Rosalyn Behan
Erica Behan
Jason Behan







Robert E Behan



Zodiac SignScorpio



GenderMale



Professional Status
Illinois College of Optometry



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Robert? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Robert, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Robert E Behan
Get a Criminal Check on Robert E Behan
Get a Public Record Report on Robert E Behan
Get a People Search Report on Robert E Behan


Robert E Behan's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Robert E Behan has lived as well as Robert E Behan's phone numbers and email addresses.




Robert E Behan Has Lived in 2 States
New York Address for Robert E Behan


526 8** S* 

Brooklyn, NY


Has Lived In

Brooklyn, NY
Chicago, IL


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Robert E Behan

(914) ***-**** - Larchmont, NY 
() ***-**** - Larchmont, NY 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Robert E Behan

r****n@***.com


Get Email Report




Robert E Behan's Professional Information
Information regarding Robert E Behan's professional history.  Find out previous places Robert E Behan has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Robert E Behan Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Illinois College of Optometry
               
Robert E Behan's Experience
Title: 
               Company: Illinois College of Optometry
Job Details
               The Illinois College of Optometry, founded in 1872 by Dr. Henry Olin, provides excellence in optometric clinical education and is among the world's leading urban optometric institutions. Located in Chicago, ICO has a distinguished legacy of providing aspiring optometrists the education and experience needed to meet the challenges of a changing health care environment and become leaders who will champion their patients and the profession alike.
Additional Professional Information on Robert E Behan

 See Robert E Behan's LinkedIn Profile



Robert E Behan's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Robert E Behan


Robert E Behan's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Robert E Behan's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Robert Behan
Username Matches

                  RobertBehan
                  BehanRobert
                  Robert.Behan
                  Behan.Robert
                  Robert_Behan
                  Behan_Robert
                  Robert-Behan
                  Behan-Robert
                  RBehan
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
R Behan







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Robert Behan, Metropolitan Vision Correction Associates - Optometry Doctor in New York, NY









































Skip to contentCheck Your Symptoms Find A Doctor Find Lowest Drug PricesSign In Sign UpSubscribeMy ProfileWelcome My ToolsMy WebMD PagesMy AccountSign Out  Subscribe



Back to Results | Physician Directory  Optometry  New York  New York  Dr. Robert E. Behan














Physician Directory

Hospital Directory
Pharmacy Directory
Insurance Directory



Find a Doctor







Search by Name, Specialty, Condition or ProcedureEnter Zip Code or City, State





Is this you?Enhance your profile.


Robert E. Behan
Optometry


Be the First to Rate This Doctor

Metropolitan Vision Correction Associates
22 W 13th StNew York, NY 10011


(212) 807-0019







Dr. Behan's Overview
 Dr. Behan works in New York, NY and specializes in Optometry. Dr. Behan is affiliated with New York Eye & Ear Infirmary Of Mount Sinai.Dr. Behan's Experience
Years in Practice: Not Available

Procedures Performed by Dr. Behan

Ophthalmological Exam
View More



Dr. Behan's Specialties
Optometry


Dr. Behan's Education & Training
Medical School: Not Available
Dr. Behan's RatingRate This Doctor
Overall Rating
Physician

Explains conditions & treatments
Takes time to answer my questions
Provides follow-up as needed
View All Ratings
Dr. Behan's Accepted Insurance
Please verify insurance information directly with your provider's office as it may change frequently.

Not Available
Dr. Behan's Office Information & Appointments

Office Locations
Metropolitan Vision Correction Associates
22 W 13th StNew York, NY 10011(212) 807-0019
Directions
Office Hours and Information
Fax: (212) 727-2395
Practice Website: Not Available
Accepting New Patients:  Yes
Medicare Accepted:  Yes
Medicaid Accepted:  Yes



Monday 
8:00 AM - 5:00 PM


Tuesday 
8:00 AM - 5:00 PM


Wednesday 
8:00 AM - 5:00 PM


Thursday 
8:00 AM - 5:00 PM


Friday 
8:00 AM - 5:00 PM


Saturday 
Closed


Sunday 
Closed







Other Physicians in Dr. Behan's Practice

Traci M. GoldsteinOptometry
Arthur D. JungOptometry
Richard S. Koplin, MDOphthalmology
Frederic K. NevinsOptometry
View More



Dr. Behan's Hospital Affiliations

New York Eye & Ear Infirmary Of Mount Sinai


Next: Dr. Behan's Experience












Office Locations 




View More Locations





Other Optometrists Near New York, NY



Traci M. Goldstein
22 W 13th StNew York, NY 10011


Arthur D. Jung
22 W 13th StNew York, NY 10011


Frederic K. Nevins
22 W 13th StNew York, NY 10011


Susan M. Bellante
235 Park Ave S FL 2New York, NY 10003


Ester Kohen
235 Park Ave S FL 2New York, NY 10003


View More Optometrists

















Appointments Provided by HealthPost*




*By selecting an appointment time above you are leaving the WebMD site and going to HealthPost, a third-party. HealthPost is solely responsible for this service.



Online Appointments*
Book an Appointment with a Doctor Online Today

Quick and easy process
No need to wait on hold for an appointment

Continue

*Online appointments for this doctor are managed by HealthPost, a third party. By clicking on continue, you will be taken to a screen managed by HealthPost. HealthPost is solely responsible for this service.


















Top US Metropolitan Areas


Atlanta
Austin
Baltimore
Birmingham
Boston
Buffalo
Charlotte
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland


Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Hartford
Houston
Indianapolis
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas


Los Angeles
Louisville
Memphis
Miami
Milwaukee
Minneapolis
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma City


Orlando
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Pittsburgh
Portland
Providence
Raleigh
Richmond
Sacramento
Saint Louis


Salt Lake City
San Antonio
San Bernardino
San Diego
San Francisco
San Jose
Seattle
Tampa
Virginia Beach
Washington DC


View All Locations


Health Solutions From Our Sponsors




Knee Pain Management


Bent Fingers?


Cancer Treatments


Online Hearing Test


Managing Diabetes


Expert Orthopedic Care


Cancer Support


Treat Pet Anxiety


Advanced Breast Cancer


Care for Valve Disease?


Pet Food Facts


Hearing Loss Help


Ringing in the Ears


Find Infant Formula


Aortic Valve Stenosis























  


















About ABP Food Group | Meat processing | Ireland UK Europe | ABP Food Group





























Quick links 




Select a language

English


Français


Español


Italiano


Deutsch


Polski


中国





























                        Delivering quality
                    


                            and flavour since 1954.
                        






About us





Our Business

At ABP Food Group we have built our success on entrepreneurship, technological investment and a deep knowledge of the sectors in which we operate. As key stakeholders in the food supply chain we’re dedicated to ensuring the full traceability of our products.



ABP Food Group works with a network of over 35,000 farmers and is renowned for paying its suppliers on the day of delivery at strategically located local abattoirs that minimise animal transport distances.
ABP Food Group contributes an estimated €1.3bn each year into the rural economies in which it operates.
We recognise that the farmers who supply meat to us are vital partners in ensuring that the quality of our product is maintained and traceability is ensured.
Our core business – ABP Beef – is supported by its renewable, pet food and protein divisions, which combine to ensure the value of by-products is maximized and the environmental impact of our business and customers is minimized.
 











































Our Vision


At ABP Food Group our vision is pretty simple; to be the best at what we do.
We’re not content just to be a market leader in terms of size and scale. We want to lead on quality, efficiency, traceability and sustainability.
So we’re committing to doing just that; continuing to develop, research, innovate and invest in every area of our business so that our future will be as distinguished as our past.
 




Our Values



            Quality
        

We will never compromise on quality. As a cornerstone of our business, all of our operations, processes and innovations are dedicated to the consistent delivery of quality to our customers.



            Integrity
        

We firmly believe in the integrity of our products and operations - and we always will. Our meat is sustainably reared and completely traceable. Our processes are lean and transparent.



            Customer Focus
        

We consider our customers to be valued partners. We believe in generating relationships based on mutual trust and shared expertise, so that we can deliver our customers a true commercial advantage.



            Service
        

Regardless of the service we provide, impeccable customer relations will be a constant. We don’t believe in resting on our laurels, we believe in going above and beyond in service of our customers each and every day.






Senior Management




            Frank Stephenson
        

            Group Chief Executive
        

Frank Stephenson was appointed Group Chief Executive in October 2016. He joined ABP Food Group in 2015 as Chief Operations Officer. Frank previously worked for Glanbia Plc, the international nutrition company, in various senior roles in Ireland and USA. Frank is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland.





            Finbarr McDonnell
        

            Chief Operating Officer
        

Finbarr McDonnell joined the ABP in 1973 and has held a variety of positions with the company including Group Production Manager and Factory Manager at the Cahir plant. He was appointed Chief Executive of ABP Beef (Ireland) in January 2008





            Tom Kirwan
        

            MD, ABP Beef (UK)
        

Tom Kirwan joined the Group in June 1982 after completing a degree in Marketing at Trinity College Dublin. Tom has worked in varying positions in the Group and in 1990 he transferred to the UK Division in order to head up the Groups first venture in the convenience food sector. He was largely responsible for the growth and development of this division since then. In April 2009 Tom was appointed Chief Executive of ABP Beef (UK).





            Eddie Lowry
        

            MD, ABP Proteins
        

Eddie Lowry joined the Group in 1982 and became head of ABP Proteins operations in 1983. Prior to joining the company Eddie worked with the state body An Foras Taluntais – the national body providing integrated research, advisory and training services to agriculture and the food industry (now known as Teagasc) – in both Ireland and the Middle East.





            Philip Reynolds
        

            MD, ABP Pet Foods
        

ABP’s pet food division is the largest private label Petfood business in Europe. Originally owned by Philip, he sold a majority interest in the business to ABP in 2011. Philip continues to run the operation which has manufacturing plants in six European Countries. Born in 1964 he joined C&D at 18 years of age and took over as CEO at the age of 25 in 1990





            Robert Behan
        

            MD, ABP Renewables
        

Robert Behan joined the Group in October 2005 as chief executive of the newly formed Renewables Division. He holds a Bachelor of Commerce Honours Degree from University College Dublin together with a higher diploma in French from Universite de Sorbonne. He brings with him significant management experience in commodity processing and risk management from the positions held with Cargill Plc in the United Kingdom, Netherlands and Singapore between 1993 and 1999. This was followed by five years as Managing Director of a multi plant beef processing company in Ireland. ABP Renewables operates under the Olleco brand.








                        Policies
                    


                            ABP Food Group Code of Conduct
                        

                            ABP Food Group Ethical Trading Policy
                        

                            ABP Food Group Anti-Slavery and Human Trafficking Policy
                        









