








	Candace K. Beinecke





























Alstom






Press|
                        

Investors|
                        

Candidates|
                        

Suppliers|
                        

Services customers










Change Language 
                    









About us



Corporate Governance

Strategy

Ethics

Sustainability




Corporate Governance



Board of Directors

Management Team

Compensation of Executive Officers




Board of Directors



Lead Director

Audit Committee

Nominations and Remuneration Committee

Ethics, Compliance and Sustainability Committee




                Candace K. Beinecke










Candace K. Beinecke




Age: 70.
Nationality: American.
Professional address: Hughes Hubbard & Reed LLP –  One Battery Park Plaza, New York, NY 10004 – 1482 (USA).
Principal function: Senior Partner of Hughes Hubbard & Reed LLP.
End of current mandate: AGM 2019.
First mandate: 24 July 2001-26 June 2007.
Member of the Nominations and Remuneration Committee.
Holds 2,000 shares.

Other current directorships and positions:
In France:
–
Abroad:
Chairperson of the First Eagle Funds (*), a  leading US public mutual fund family;
Lead independent Trustee of Vornado Realty Trust  (NYSE) (*);
Member, Board of Directors, Rockefeller  Financial Services, Inc. and Rockefeller & Co., Inc.
Non-profit  organisations:
Director, Vice-Chair, the Partnership for New York City ;
Chair, The Wallace Foundation ;
Trustee, The Metropolitan Museum of Art. 
 
Biography:
Ms Candace K. Beinecke, Senior Partner of Hughes Hubbard & Reed LLP, was named in 1999 the first woman to chair a major New York law firm. Ms Beinecke is also a practicing partner in Hughes Hubbard’s Corporate Department. Ms Beinecke serves as Chairperson of First Eagle Funds, a leading US public mutual fund family. She is a Lead Independant Director of Vornado Realty Trust (NYSE) and a Board member of Rockefeller Financial Services, Inc. and Rockefeller & Co., Inc. She also serves as a Director, Vice‑Chair and Executive Committee member of the Partnership for New York City, as Chair of The Wallace Foundation, and as Trustee of The Metropolitan Museum of Art. She is also a member of the Board of Advisors, Yale Law School Center for the Study of Corporate Law. She has been included in The Best Lawyers in America, in Chambers, and in the National Law Journal’s 100 Most Influential Lawyers in America, and one of the “25 New York executives whose contributions in and beyond business changed the City”.
 
(*) Listed company.
 


















Back to

Board of Directors
Nominations and Remuneration Committee









×
Select Your Country




Australia


Brazil


China


Czech Republic


France


Germany


Hungary


India


Nordics


Italy


Poland


CIS


South Africa


Spain


Switzerland


Turkey 


UK


USA







×
Select Your Language



English
Français









Alstom develops and markets the most complete range of systems, equipment and services in the railway sector







Alstom provides innovative and environmentally-friendly rail solutions to meet mobility needs
















Activity Report 2016/17
About us
Corporate Governance
Strategy
Ethics
Careers














Our commitment to sustainable development
Solutions for sustainable mobility
Stakeholder oriented organisation
Responsible operations
Integrity










Innovative and competitive, Alstom’s products and services provide a leading edge response to the new challenges of urban transport







From very high-speed trains to freight solutions, Alstom offers a complete and competitive range of products and services









Urban






Urban universe
Urban rolling stock
Urban signalling
Urban infrastructure
Urban systems
Services
Components







Main line






Main line universe
Main line trains
Main line signalling
Main line infrastructure
Main line systems
Services
Components















 Australia    
  Azerbaijan
 Brazil    


 China  
  Czech Republic 
 Finland  


 Germany 
  France  
 Hungary


 India 
  Italy     
 Kazakhstan  


 Norway 
  Poland
 Russia  


 South Africa
  Spain
 Sweden 


 Switzerland 
  UK  
 US












View Location Map







Country factsheets



























Candace K. Beinecke | Senior Partner at Hughes Hubbard & Reed  























































MyHHR
News
Locations







											Experience & Results
						






											People
						






											Careers
						


Associate Recruiting
Working At HHR
Available Positions






											Culture
						


About Us
Diversity
Pro Bono







































											Experience & Results
						






											People
						






											Careers
						


Associate Recruiting
Working At HHR
Available Positions






											Culture
						


About Us
Diversity
Pro Bono























MyHHR
News
Locations







Experience & Results



People



News




		View All Results >
	






				Return To People
			






							Candace K. Beinecke
					




									Senior Partner
							








													New York City
											



													+1 (212) 837-6040
											








candace.beinecke@hugheshubbard.com




Download V Card

















 










Saved To MyHHR

“Candace K. Beinecke”



General Folder












View MyHHR







Share/Print

Email
Print

 
 









Biography


News







Candace K. Beinecke is Senior Partner of Hughes Hubbard & Reed, an international law firm ranked for 11 years, including five years in a row as the top-ranked New York-based firm on The American Lawyer’s A-List of what the magazine calls “the top firms among the nation’s legal elite.” She has held that position since 1999 when she became the first female chair of a major New York firm. Candace’s practice focuses on corporate governance and sensitive matters and investigations.Candace serves as Chairperson of First Eagle Funds, Inc., a public mutual fund family; as Lead Independent Trustee of Vornado Realty Trust (NYSE); and as a board member of ALSTOM (Paris), Rockefeller Financial Services, Inc. and Rockefeller & Co., Inc. She also serves as a Director and Vice Chair of the Partnership for New York City, Trustee of The Metropolitan Museum of Art and Chair and Trustee of The Wallace Foundation. Professional ActivitiesMember, Council on Foreign RelationsMember, Leaders Council of senior representatives from law, accounting and industry to examine global regulation, accounting and marketsMember, Women’s ForumMember, board of advisors, Yale Law School Center for the Study of Corporate LawFrequent panelist on subjects ranging from corporate governance and transactions to law firm leadershipRecognitionRecognized for her mergers and acquisitions (M&A) and corporate governance experience by many prominent legal publications such as Chambers, The Best Lawyers in America, The International Who’s Who of Corporate Governance Lawyers and The International Who’s Who of Business LawyersNamed in the past four consecutive issues of Crain’s New York Business as one of the “50 Most Powerful Women in New York”Selected by The National Law Journal as one of the 50 most influential women lawyers in AmericaSelected by The National Law Journal as one of the 100 most influential lawyers in AmericaSelected by Crain’s for its Hall of Fame as one of 25 executives whose contributions changed New York CityProfiled in such publications as The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, American Lawyer, National Law Journal and Crain’sNamed by New York Super Lawyers as one of the “Top Woman Attorneys in the New York Metro Area”Honoree, New York County Lawyers’ Association 90th Annual Dinner Celebrating Outstanding Women of the BarRecipient, New York City Chapter of The National Organization for Women, Women of Power and Influence Awards


 ​TerraForm Power Agrees to Sell Majority Stake to Brookfield  News & Events | Corporate  View News Article  ​Hughes Hubbard Chair Named to Crain’s 2015 List of '50 Most Powerful Women in New York'  News & Events  View News Article  Hughes Hubbard Again Tops List of ‘All-Around Best’  News & Events | Awards  View News Article  Accomplished Litigator Named Partner by Hughes Hubbard  News & Events | Litigation, Arbitration and Investigations | People  View News Article  HHR Chair Wins Chambers USA ‘Women in Law’ Award  News & Events  View News Article  Hughes Hubbard’s Chair Announces New Managing Partner to Succeed Chuck Scherer, Retiring After a Long and Highly Successful Tenure  News & Events | People  View News Article  Beinecke in Crain’s “Hall of Fame”  Articles & Press  View News Article  Hughes Hubbard Takes Top Spot on AmLaw's Pro Bono List  News & Events | Pro Bono  View News Article 






Education



Rutgers University School of Law, J.D.New York University (NYU), A.B.




Bar Admissions



New York




Areas of Focus






Banking & Financial Services




Corporate




Corporate Governance




Mergers & Acquisitions





















Trustees - Candace K. Beinecke


























Toggle navigation 






Home

Investor Relations 


Quarterly Financial Packages
Corporate Governance
Board of Trustees
Committee Charters
Audit Committee
Compensation Committee Charter
Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee
Governance Guidelines
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Executive Management
Committee Composition
Contact the Board
Annual Reports
Presentations
Credit Information
Equity Analyst Coverage
SEC Filings
SEC Groupings Description
Dividend Information
Committee Composotion - Steven Roth
Committee Composition - Michael D. Fascitelli
Committee Composition - Robert P. Kogod
Committee Composition - Russell B. Wight, Jr.
Committee Composition - Richard R. West
Committee Composition - Anthony W. Deering
Committee Composition - Ronald Targan
Committee Composition - Daniel R. Tisch
Committee Composition - Michael Lynne
Committee Composition - Candace K. Beinecke
Committee Composition - David Mandelbaum
Trustees - Steven Roth
Trustees - Candace K. Beinecke
Trustees - Anthony W. Deering
Trustees - Michael D. Fascitelli
Trustees - Robert P. Kogod
Trustees - Michael Lynne
Trustees - David Mandelbaum
Trustees - Ronald Targan
Trustees - Daniel R. Tisch
Trustees - Richard R. West
Trustees - Russel B. Wight, Jr.
Senior Management - Steven Roth
Senior Management - Michael D. Fascitelli
Senior Management - Michelle Felman
Senior Management - Michael J. Franco
Senior Management - Joseph Macnow
Executive Management
Senior Management - David R. Greenbaum
Senior Management - Sandeep Mathrani
Senior Management - Christopher Kennedy
Senior Management - Mitchell N. Schear
Senior Management - Wendy Silverstein
Senior Management - Stephen Theriot
Dividend Info
Stock Information
Tax Treatment Information from 2004 to 2009

















Trustees - Candace K. Beinecke



Home
Trustees - Candace K. Beinecke


















Trustees - Candace K. Beinecke





Board of Trustees




Candace K. Beinecke

Ms. Beinecke has served as Chair of Hughes Hubbard & Reed LLP, a New York law firm, since 1999 and is a practicing partner in Hughes Hubbard’s Corporate Department.  Ms. Beinecke also serves as Chairperson of the Board of Arnhold & S. Bleichroeder Advisors LLC’s First Eagle Funds, Inc. (a U.S. public mutual fund family), and as a board member of ALSTOM (a public French transport and power company).








 
Back to Board of Trustees










Copyright 2017, © S&P Global Market Intelligence  Terms of Use





×
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
























The investor relations site ("Site") with which this document is associated is maintained by S&P Global Market Intelligence ("S&P") on behalf of the organization featured on the Site (S&P's "Client"). These Terms and Conditions of Use ("Terms of Use") set forth the terms on which you may use the Site, and the information and materials contained therein (the "Contents"). By using the Site, you agree to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you are not authorized to use the Site or Contents in any manner, and you should immediately discontinue any use of the Site or the Contents.
S&P and/or its Client shall have the right at any time to modify or discontinue any aspect of the Site or any part of the Contents. S&P may also modify these Terms of Use without notice. You agree to monitor these Terms of Use, and to cease all access or use of the Site if you no longer agree to abide by the Terms of Use. Your continued use of the Site shall constitute acceptance of such modification.
S&P and the Client grant to you a limited, personal license to access the Site and to access and download the Contents, but only for your own personal, family and household use. You may not use, reproduce, distribute or display any portion of the Site for any other purpose, including without limit any commercial purpose. You may use the Site and the Contents for lawful purposes only. S&P and Client reserve all rights not expressly granted, including the right to terminate your use of the Site without notice.
The Site contains copyrighted material, trademarks and service marks, and other proprietary information, including but not limited to text, software, and graphics, which materials are owned by S&P and/or its Client. S&P and Client reserve all rights in the Contents. You agree not to reproduce, distribute, sell, broadcast, publish, retransmit, disseminate, circulate or commercially exploit the Site or the Contents without the express written consent of S&P and the Client.
You agree to access the Contents and the Site manually, by request, and not automatically, through the use of a program, or other means. You agree not to take any action, alone or with others, that would interfere with the operation of the Site, to alter the Site in any way, or to impede others' access to and freedom to enjoy and use the Site as made available by S&P and S&P’s Client.
THE SITE AND THE CONTENTS ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS. S&P, ITS CLIENT, AND ANY OTHER PROVIDERS OF THE INFORMATION EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTY OF ACCURACY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
NEITHER, S&P, THE CLIENT NOR EITHER OF THEIR AFFILIATES, SHAREHOLDERS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR REPRESENTATIVES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY , PUNITIVE SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE SITE, THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE, OR THE CONTENTS, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN PARTICULAR, S&P WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY YOUR RELIANCE ON INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE.
                                    
It is your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any of the Contents available on the Site. Please seek the advice of professionals regarding the evaluation of any of the information on the Site.
The Site does not represent an offer or solicitation with respect to the purchase or sale of any security.
These Terms of Use are the entire agreement between the parties with respect to its subject matter, and it can be amended only via written agreement by S&P. These terms and conditions shall be governed by the law of New York, without regard to principals of conflicts or choice of laws.


























	Candace K. Beinecke - Board of Directors - Director Bios - The Wallace Foundation









































































































You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server. Please enable scripts and reload this page.



Turn on more accessible modeTurn off more accessible modeSkip Ribbon CommandsSkip to main contentTurn off AnimationsTurn on Animations



































The Wallace Foundation / About Wallace / People / Candace K. Beinecke












				Candace K. Beinecke
			

				Board chair
			





Rollup Image 


Page ContentCandace Beinecke, who became chair of The Wallace Foundation’s board of directors in June 2016, joined the board  in 2007.Beinecke is the chair of Hughes Hubbard & Reed LLP, long selected as one of the top 20 firms on The American Lawyer’s “A-List” of elite law firms in the U.S. and recognized as a leader in promoting diversity and pro bono service.She also serves as chairperson of First Eagle Funds, Inc., as lead director of Vornado Realty Trust (NYSE), and as a board member of ALSTOM (Paris), Rockefeller Financial Services, Inc. and Rockefeller & Co., Inc.  Beinecke is a director and vice chair of the Partnership for New York City, and a trustee and member of the executive committee of The Metropolitan Museum of Art.  She is a member of the board of advisors, Yale Law School Center for the Study of Corporate Law, and a member of the Women’s Forum.Beinecke is included in such publications as Legal 500 and Chambers for her corporate governance and M&A expertise.  She was named to The National Law Journal’s “100 Most Influential Lawyers in America” and was the recipient of Chambers’ USA inaugural “Lawyer of the Year” award for outstanding contribution to private practice as well as Inside Counsel’s Transformative Leadership Award for promoting diversity.  Beinecke was named one of the “50 Most Powerful Women in New York” and one of the “100 Most Influential Women in NYC Business” by Crain’s New York Business and is listed as one of the “25 New York executives whose contributions in and beyond business changed the City.”























MissionA Brief HistoryFinancials and GovernancePeopleCurrently selectedAnnual ReportsFunding GuidelinesOur GranteesEmploymentLocation and Directions





Site Contents

























Search Entire Site






			    
                Search Resources by Keyword
		    



















Search Our Knowledge Center






			    
                Search Resources by Keyword
		    












                
                Filter Resources
            

clear all









Topic













Advancing Philanthropy





Afterschool



Collecting and Using Data



Coordinating Afterschool Resources



Engaging Older Youths



Evaluations



Financial Management for Nonprofits



Quality and Cost





Arts Education



Arts Classroom Instruction



Community Approaches to Building Arts Education





Building Audiences for the Arts



Audience Surveys



State Arts Policy



Strategies for Expanding Audiences





Videos and Presentations





News







School Leadership



District Policy and Practice



Effective Principal Leadership



ESSA



Principal Evaluation



Principal Pipelines



Principal Supervisors



Principal Training



State and Federal Policy





Expanded Learning





Past Initiatives



Adult Literacy



Libraries



School Counseling



Teacher Recruitment



Urban Parks





Summer Learning










Type











Report



Video



Slide Presentation



Research Series



Case Studies



Tool



News



Tip Sheets



Article



Infographic







































Get the latest news and ideas from Wallace








Sign Up 











 




PUBLIC LIVES; Charm at the Top: It Only Looks Easy, Folks - The New York Times

























































































































NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.
LEARN MORE »









Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
View mobile version




The New York Times





N.Y. / Region|PUBLIC LIVES; Charm at the Top: It Only Looks Easy, Folks







Search

Subscribe Now
Log In
0
Settings




Close search












Advertisement








Supported by



N.Y. / Region
| PUBLIC LIVES 
PUBLIC LIVES; Charm at the Top: It Only Looks Easy, Folks

By JAN HOFFMANJUNE 2, 1999



Continue reading the main story
Share This Page

Continue reading the main story









Correction AppendedTHERE is certainly ample reason to harbor unkind thoughts -- O.K., full-blown resentment -- toward Candace Krugman Beinecke.As Ms. Beinecke, she is a highly regarded corporate lawyer with blue-chip clients like Viacom, the entertainment giant, and PricewaterhouseCoopers, the accounting megalosaur. As Mrs. Beinecke, she has married into a family of great wealth and position, who give to the arts, the environment, Andover and Yale.It gets worse.She is naturally thin and never exercises.She doesn't need a lot of sleep.She doesn't look her age (52).She remembers to send thank-you notes -- her penmanship is clean and elegant -- and has taught her two sons the importance of doing so.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

Do we hate her yet? No? Wait. Here's the killer:Her own relatives and in-laws love one another so much that they vacation together, even when she's not on the trip! Continue reading the main story







Advertisement

Continue reading the main story





But in person, Ms. Beinecke is difficult to growl at, for she turns out to be possessed of a low-key charm and approachable warmth. Those qualities, as well as her prodigious work habits, helped insure that the recent vote by the executive committee of Hughes Hubbard & Reed to name her its new ''chair'' (the firm's term) was unanimous. Ambitious female lawyers, take heart: while Ms. Beinecke is the first woman, no kidding, to lead a major New York law firm, she got there by being good at what she does and, apparently, by not creating a welter of competitive jealousy among the male and female partners she surpassed.Ms. Beinecke advises female lawyers in particular to develop their own style and not mimic role models. ''Don't wear someone else's clothes if they don't fit,'' she said. ''I tried on several when I was starting out. I looked at big, brash, bullying types and tried yelling and screaming.'' She rolled her eyes. (She is soft spoken.)''I had a brief phase of wearing corporate-looking suits. I even tried wearing very short skirts. I had no idea what I was doing.''Eventually she settled on an untraditional look. Yesterday, in her office overlooking New York Harbor, she was wearing navy gabardine pants, heels with ankle straps, a glass necklace and matching earrings of surprisingly vivid hues, and an apple-green blazer. There was nothing corporate-looking about this quintessentially corporate lawyer.AND she has occasionally taken an untraditional approach in negotiating rooms, relying on gentle charm to defuse tension. During a volatile session involving a half-billion-dollar acquisition, Ms. Beinecke's client, the buyer, insisted that the seller agree to ongoing liability insurance. The angry seller packed up his papers, saying, ''I can't let my kids be part of this!''
Newsletter Sign Up
Continue reading the main story

  


Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box.
Invalid email address. Please re-enter.
You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.



Sign Up







You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.





Thank you for subscribing.
An error has occurred. Please try again later.
You are already subscribed to this email.
View all New York Times newsletters.


See Sample
Manage Email Preferences
Not you?
Privacy Policy
Opt out or contact us anytime




Determined to rescue the deal, Ms. Beinecke replied, with a light laugh, ''Oh, please let me be one of those children!'' Her client turned ashen. But the seller chortled and sat back down at the table.Clients say her charm is a cloak for a tenacious, imaginative negotiator. Even when she has bested her opponents, she leaves a residue of good will. In 1987, when Sumner M. Redstone made a competitive and ultimately successful bid to take over her client, Viacom, ''She was tough, fair and she listened,'' said Philippe Dauman, Viacom's deputy chairman and executive vice president. The new team swept out most of the old team, but kept her and her firm.Ms. Beinecke, who has been with the 300-lawyer firm since graduating from Rutgers Law School, said that as a baby lawyer she assumed she would become a litigator, fighting for clients in court. But she discovered that she preferred corporate practice, giving legal and financial advice to clients on reorganization, divestiture, acquisition.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

''Clients came to know me and appreciate that I would kill myself for them,'' she said genially.In 1970, when she entered the job market, women were asked by prospective employers whether they could handle the demanding hours of a corporate practice as well as family responsibilities. These days, the question is not raised, but the issue remains. Although Hughes Hubbard is known as a good place for women to practice -- it has flex-time arrangements and a fifth of its partners are women -- Ms. Beinecke did come up the hard way, working endless hours and taking a first maternity leave of only two months.''There were many nights when I wasn't home and I would have loved more time with my kids,'' she said. ''But you teach by example. My sons understand that it's exciting to be engaged and involved in work. And they learned how to have dinner at 9 P.M.''She grew up in Paterson, N.J., where her father practiced law and her mother, who was known professionally in the 1940's as Tippie Taylor, a radio host (but privately as Sylvia Altschuler), encouraged her to be a lawyer.In terms of credibility, Ms. Beinecke's biggest obstacle, perhaps, has not been her sex, but her status as Mrs. Beinecke, the wife of Frederick Beinecke, a scion of a great family.  (Yes, as in that Yale library.) There are boards that need attending to, benefits to grace, households to run.''People say to me, 'Why do you do this?' '' she said.She manages by being a perfectionist who is hyperorganized (all the hangers in her closet match). Her self-control is present in her personal as well as her professional life. She can walk into an antiques store, desire a choice piece of 18th-century English furniture, and then walk out, without buying, just to think it over.Correction: June 9, 1999, Wednesday  A Public Lives profile last Wednesday about Candace K. Beinecke, a partner with the Manhattan law firm of Hughes, Hubbard & Reed, referred imprecisely to the precedent set by her appointment to head the firm. Another sizable firm in New York, Patterson, Belknap, Webb & Tyler, was managed from 1990 to 1997 by a woman, Antonia Grumbach. Continue reading the main story






We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.

















What's Next


Loading...









Go to Home Page »

Site Index

The New York Times



























Expert Guides - Beinecke, Candace K





























































































Close












Candace K Beinecke Hughes Hubbard & Reed






            Loading 










                            Profile
                        










Location



New York



US








Practice areas




                    Corporate Governance
                
 


                    Women in Business Law
                
 






















Candace Beinecke, Hughes Hubbard & Reed LLP: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  


























Feedback





Candace Beinecke

Chairman/Partner,
Hughes Hubbard & Reed LLP






Career History




Chairman
Wallace Foundation, 6/2016-PRESENT


Chairman
First Eagle Funds, 12/1999-PRESENT


Chairman/Partner
Hughes Hubbard & Reed LLP, PRESENT


Co-Vice Chairman
Partnership for New York City Inc/The, PRESENT


Chairman
Hughes Hubbard & Reed LLP, 1999-UNKNOWN


Chairman
First Eagle Investment Management LLC, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.hugheshubbard.com






Corporate Information
Address:

One Battery Park Plaza
New York, NY 10004-1482
United States


Phone:
1-212-837-6000


Fax:
1-212-422-4726


Web url:
www.hugheshubbard.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Rutgers University School of Law/Newark
JD, 1970


New York University
Bachelor's Degree, 1967








Awards & Publications



Certificates




Bar Admitted, 1970









Memberships



Board Memberships




Rockefeller Financial Services Inc


Board Member, PRESENT




Partnership for New York City Inc/The


Vice Chairman, PRESENT




Rockefeller & Co Inc


Board Member, PRESENT




Hughes Hubbard & Reed LLP


Chairman, PRESENT




Wallace Foundation


Chairman, PRESENT




Vornado Realty Trust


Lead Director, 3/2016-PRESENT




Alstom SA


Board Member, 7/2001-PRESENT




First Eagle Funds


Chairman, 12/1999-PRESENT




Vornado Realty Trust


Trustee, 9/2007-3/2016




First Eagle Investment Management LLC


Chairman, FORMER




Wallace Foundation


Board Member, 2007-UNKNOWN




Hughes Hubbard & Reed LLP


Chairman, 1999-UNKNOWN



Show More





Other Memberships




Merce Cunningham Dance Foundation


Board Member




Jacob's Pillow Dance Festival


Member




Thomas J Watson Library Visiting Committee


Member




Bar of City of New York


Member




New York State Bar Assn


Member




Yale Law Schl Center for Study of Corp Law


Member




Womens Forum


Member




Partnership for New York City


Vice Chairman




The Wallace Foundation


Trustee




The Metropolitan Museum of Art


Trustee



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Candace K. Beinecke










This is a beta version of NNDB







Search: 
      
All Names
Living people
Dead people
Band Names
Book Titles
Movie Titles
Full Text

      for 
      











Candace K. BeineckeBorn: 26-Nov-1946Gender: FemaleRace or Ethnicity: WhiteOccupation: AttorneyNationality: United StatesExecutive summary: Chairman of Hughes Hubbard & Reed    University: BA, New York University (1967)    Law School: JD, Rutgers University School of Law (1970)    Administrator: Director, Trinity Episcopal School Corporation (1988-95)    Hughes Hubbard & Reed Chairman (1999-)
    Member of the Board of Alstom (2001-)
    Member of the Board of Arnhold & S. Bleichroeder Advisors (as Chairman)
    Member of the Board of Rockefeller Financial Services 
    Member of the Board of Rockefeller & Co. 
    Bill Bradley for President     Fund for New York's Future Board of Directors
    Merce Cunningham Dance Foundation Board of Directors
    Metropolitan Museum of Art Visiting Committee, Thomas J. Watson Library    Friends of Hillary     Hillary Clinton for President     McCain 2000     New York State Bar Association 1971    Partnership for New York City Vice Chair    Women's Forum 





New!
NNDB MAPPER
Create a map starting with


Candace K. Beinecke


Requires Flash 7+ and Javascript.

Do you know something we don't?
Submit a correction or make a comment about this profile

Copyright ©2014 Soylent Communications




NNDB MAPPERBermuda Re wo PolsCandace K. BeineckeRequires Flash 7+ and Javascript.Related TopicsLawyerHelix Fossil




