


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Madeline Bell, Children's Hospital of Philadelphia/The: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  




















Feedback





Madeline Bell

President/CEO,
Children's Hospital of Philadelphia/The






Career History




President/CEO
Children's Hospital of Philadelphia/The, 7/2015-PRESENT


President/COO
Children's Hospital of Philadelphia/The, 2010-7/2015


Pediatric Nurse
Children's Hospital of Philadelphia/The, 1983-UNKNOWN









Website:
www.chop.edu






Corporate Information
Address:

34th Street and Civic Center B
Philadelphia, PA 19104
United States


Phone:
1-215-590-1000


Fax:
1-215-590-2990


Web url:
www.chop.edu











From The Web












Memberships



Board Memberships




Comcast Corp


Board Member, 2/2016-PRESENT






Other Memberships




Children’s Hospital Association Board


Chairman




Schuylkill River Development Corporation


Board Member




Solutions for Patient Safety And Greater Philadelphia Chambe


Board Member




Chamber’s CEO Council for Growth


Member




Villanova University College of Nursing Board of Consultors


Chairman



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































SecondSpin -  Used CD / Madeline Bell - Blessed





































Login
My Account
Order Status
Help
Store Locations
0 Items


SecondSpin.com
No one Pays more for your Used Music, Movies & Games





Buy 
Sell 







Search 









CD

Just In
Clearance
Top Sellers
Collectible
Browse CDs


BluRay

Just In
Clearance
Top Sellers
Collectible
Browse BluRays
4K Ultra HD


DVD

Just In
Clearance
Top Sellers
Collectible
Browse DVDs


Games

Just In
Clearance
Top Sellers
Collectible
Browse Games



Vinyl

New Releases
Top Sellers
Exclusives
Browse Vinyl


Deals

Personal Favorites










Search 





										« Search for what you'd like to sell.
									





My Stuff
Sell in Bulk

































Want to Sell your Copy?


Madeline Bell
Blessed



					
						Availability: Out of stock
					
					PRICE:
						
			                
						
					
Add to Personal Favorites
















					Format: Used CD
					Release Date: 09/12/2000
					UPC: 608917503623
					Product ID: 1023575
					Weight: 0.25

Learn more about used




Customers Also bought View More »






Off the Wall [Remast...
Michael Jackson






It's Christmas
Ledisi






Absolute Benson
George Benson






Patsy Cline Story
Patsy Cline






Smokin' Section
Tom Scott & the L.A....






Glee: The Music Show...
Glee





Track Listing





previous
play
pause
next
stop
mute
unmute
max volume












shuffle
shuffle off
repeat
repeat off








Update Required
							    To play the media you will need to either update your browser to a recent version
							    or update your Flash plugin.
							




You may Also Like



Freda Payne
Florence Ballard
Maxine Brown





Patti Drew
Betty Everett
Eloise Laws







You may Also Like 



Freda Payne
Florence Ballard
Maxine Brown




Patti Drew
Betty Everett
Eloise Laws






Sub-Genres 


								Jazz

								Vocal Jazz



Review 
Madeline Bell's many years of experience vocalizing in a wide variety of musical genre come together wonderfully on Blessed, her fourth album for the Dutch label Challenge. Bell grew up with gospel and soul, sang with a U.K. rock group, worked in popularized versions of classics by Beethoven, Verdi, and Handel in The Netherlands, and sang and recorded jazz. Kicking matters off with "The Look of Love," a tune made popular by top pop/soul singer Dionne Warwick, she moves easily to other forms of vocal stylings. There's a poignant classical-like rendition of George Gershwin's "Home." Rhythm and blues is represented by "Before I Open My Mouth," replete with squawking sax of Allard Buwalda, dancing vibes of Frits Landesbergen, and honky tonk piano of long time playing partner, Cor Bakker. Motown influences, especially of Diana Ross, are obvious on "The Last Laugh," which comes complete with background singers. The Latin comes in with "To Dance the Samba." As far as gospel goes, her exposure in her adolescent years to this music is apparent on almost every track. Even "Beach Boys Medley" wouldn't seem out of place in a Sunday morning church service. As befitting a vocalist with broad experience and success, Bell has an extraordinarily versatile singing style which she is able to apply without any stain to the type of song being performed. While her voice isn't necessarily that strong, it is clear and pristine in its earthiness. Her phrasing is impeccable and she articulates the lyrics with the right level of emotion and always with clarity. Fortunately, the electronic gimmicks (synthesizers, etc.) on the album are handled with discretion and don't overwhelm her vocals or otherwise generally clutter up the session as they are wont to do. Strongly backed by top European jazz musicians, Bell's album is recommended. ~ Dave Nathan, Rovi





All Genres

Avant-Garde
Blues
Childrens
Classical
Country
Easy Listening
Electronica
Folk
Gospel
Heavy Metal
Holiday
Jazz
Latin
New Age
R&B
Rap
Reggae
Rock
Soundtrack
Spoken Words
Vocal
World












Login
				
				| Cart (0 Items)


Order Status |
                
					Login |
				
				Cart |
				Help |
				Terms of Service |
				Privacy Policy |
				Supplier Code of Conduct |
				Custom Mix CDs |
				Contact Us |
				Careers



					© 2017 All Media Guide, LLC. Portions of content provided by All Music and All Movie Guides 
					Copyright © 1996-2017 SecondSpin, Inc.
				

For Special Offers, Follow Us On:




















































Bell, Madeline CD's and LP's - Record Shop X




















We ship worldwide! Shipping starts at 2,95 €! Credit cards and PayPal accepted.






Home
Funk
Bell, Madeline







Filter


Bell, Madeline



loading...


Product Type



CD's
(1)




LP's
(1)



Categories



Funk
(2)



Price



10-20 euros
(2)



Year



2012
(1)




1968
(1)



Company



(Empty)
(1)




RPM
(1)








2 Bell, Madeline products found


Page 1 of 1


Order by: 





product



price



release date



modified date



recently added













Bell, Madeline
: Doin' Things -reissue




Estimated delivery in 2-3 weeks.

Label

RPM

Release year
1968/2012





CD


14,95 €

Buy














Bell, Madeline
: This one girl








LP


19,95 €

Buy








Page 1 of 1



Add a reminder


Fill in your email address to get a reminder when we get products for artist (Bell, Madeline).








Add reminder



Don't worry, no spamming.











We ship worldwide! Shipping starts at 2,95 €

Items bought from the Internet will be shipped the same day. Read more






More about shipping costs
Shipping costs


Nordea Solo
from 2,95 €


Osuuspankki
from 2,95 €


Danske Bank
from 2,95 €


Handelsbanken
from 2,95 €


Sp/POP payment
from 2,95 €


S-Bank
from 2,95 €


Tapiola Bank
from 2,95 €


Credit cards
from 2,95 €


PayPal
from 2,95 €
















biography




 
    



 





 BLACK NATIVITY

 SESSIONS



 OWN RECORDINGS

 BLUE MINK



     FILM
    THEMES

TODAY


Click on
subjects above to go straight to that area.



Born
    Madeline Bell Brodus on 23 July 1942 in Newark, New Jersey, USA,
    and raised by her grandmother, who was originally instrumental
    in encouraging Madeline's natural singing talent at the age of
    five. She sang gospel music in church and at school, approximately
    eight years later Madeline became aware of pop music, inspired
    by Sam Cook.
During
    her High School years Madeline met singers at school who targeted
    their gospel music towards pop music. In addition Madeline sang
    on corners of streets, local clubs, and talent shows. Madeline
    was a prominent member of the local gospel choir and at the age
    of fourteen her voice was unique and powerfully penetrating,
    with such range it could be distinctly heard above a one hundred
    and fifty strong gospel ensemble.
Madeline
    was sixteen when she joined her first gospel group The Glovertones
    and sang in church halls all over New Jersey and New York. This
    superb group toured America's Deep South with Madeline's illuminating
    voice impressing audiences everywhere. Madeline stayed with "The
    Glovertones" for two years until her involvement with the
    Alex Bradford Singers.


Alex Bradford who formed and
    pioneered America's most famous gospel group was immediately
    magnetised by Madeline's compelling and creative voice. He instantly
    recruited her to the group being acutely aware that Madeline's
    presence in the Alex Bradford Singers would enhance their vocal
    performances. The Alex Bradford Singers sang all over America
    and toured Europe as part of the off-Broadway hit show "Black
    Nativity" written by Langston Hughes. The musical was also
    recorded for television. Madeline played an integral part in
    the show projecting her magnificent voice to the full. Such artists
    as Cliff Richard and Chris Barber acclaimed "Black Nativity"
    when it was staged in London in 1962. After completion of the
    "Black Nativity" tour Madeline decided to make her
    home in England.


Norman Newell, who was Shirley
    Bassey's recording manager, was so enthralled by Madeline's vocal
    diversity of style that he was inspired to sign her to Columbia
    Records. She embarked on a solo recording career making some
    excellent and outstanding singles and working in cabaret. Madeline's
    first cabaret date was in 1964 at the "La Dolce Vita"
    nightclub in Newcastle upon Tyne. Also on the bill were Lionel
    Blair and comedian Les Dawson.
She moved into vocal backing work having
    signed to sing vocal backing along with Lesley Duncan and Doris
    Troy on the legendary Dusty Springfield hit "In The Middle
    Of Nowhere". Later more impressive quality vocal backing
    followed on future Dusty recording sessions, joined mainly by
    her colleagues Lesley Duncan, Kiki Dee and Kay Garner. Madeline
    proceeded to be signed to Philips Records and made some spectacular
    singles to include Bacharach and David's "What The World
    Needs Now Is Love", Rogers and Hammerstein's "Climb
    Every Mountain" and Motown songwriters Ashford and Simpson's
    "One Step At A Time". Madeline also provided exhilarating
    vocal backing for Cliff Richard, Tom Jones, Scott Walker, Long
    John Baldry, Joe Cocker, Elton John and many more singers too
    numerous to mention.
Her
    vocal contribution on these stars' records added that necessary
    golden ingredient to make the recordings more noticeable. It
    is a certain fact that Madeline assisted in making many known
    singers worldwide celebrities. Madeline's powerful voice was
    clearly ahead of its time and that all-important British hit
    single eluded her. Madeline achieved another aspect to her career
    by making T.V. Jingles including British Gas, Tea, McDonalds
    and other significant brand leading product commercials. Madeline's
    delectable voice radiated through many of these Jingles, bringing
    her majestic voice into the homes of the British public. This
    valuable T.V. work proved to be both promotional and lucrative
    for her.

Madeline
    became very popular on the continent especially in Holland, Spain
    and Germany. She recorded the beautiful song "I'm Gonna
    Make You Love Me". Dee Dee Warwick sister of the famous
    Dionne originally recorded this. The Supremes and the Temptations
    had the biggest hit but the record buying public need to be alerted
    to the fact that it was Madeline Bell who had the first impressive
    USA hit in 1968 reaching an incredible number 26 and staying
    in the charts for 6 weeks. Madeline's lovely version of the song
    is stimulating and possesses the essence of professionalism.
    Madeline promoted the song in America and released an album there.

    Her first UK album in 1967 entitled "Bell's A Poppin"
    included Madeline's USA hit "I'm Gonna Make You Love Me"
    which incidentally featured the international singing legend
    and "Icon Of Music" Dusty Springfield providing vocal
    backing on the song. Another excitingly terrific track from this
    gem of an album "Picture Me Gone" narrowly missed the
    charts in 1967 despite constant promotion, however, the song
    is now recognised as a momentous Northern Soul classic and is
    frequently heard in many soul venues and if remixed and reproduced
    it has all the necessary qualities to be a smash hit single.
    The "B" side to the tremendous single "Picture
    Me Gone" called "Go Ahead On" was superbly written
    by Madeline and the late great Dusty Springfield OBE. "Go
    Ahead On" is also the "B" side to superstar Dusty's
    gigantic hit "All I See Is You" 1966 (No 9). Another
    dynamic emotional heartbreaker of a song called "I'm Gonna
    Leave You" was penned by Dusty, Madeline and Stockton on
    Tees born Lesley Duncan. "I'm Gonna Leave You" is featured
    on Madeline's album "Bell's A Poppin" 1967 and is also
    the "B" side to Dusty's everlasting hit "Goin'
    Back" 1966 (No 10). Dusty was also Honorary President of
    Madeline's fan club which commenced late '65 early '66, it was
    extremely productive and based initially in the North East of
    England in the village of Dipton. Honorary Members included Motown's
    Martha and The Vandellas and Elvis Presley. Madeline was selected
    to be a support act for the "Four Tops" when they arrived
    in England in 1966 for a nation wide tour. She gave an outstanding
    performance of her songs and was a huge success with British
    audiences.
Madeline
    entertained the public in another capacity as Disc Jockey on
    BBC Radio 1 for a while displaying a flair for other aspects
    of the music industry. She has also appeared many times on a
    variety of television programmes to include "Top Of The
    Pops" and other popular music shows singing with her powerhouse
    of unique vocal talents. Various radio stations have given Madeline
    a vast amount of airplay for her songs.


Along with singer and song writer
    Roger Cook ,Madeline became a central part of the invigorating
    group "Blue Mink" and recorded a fantastic memorable
    song called "Melting Pot" which became a huge British
    hit in 1969, reaching number 3 in the hit parade and remaining
    in the charts for 15 weeks, bringing Madeline's voice centre
    stage and finally to the noticeable attention of the British
    public. The group succeeded in having 7 hit singles, spending
    a total of 84 weeks in the charts throughout their career. The
    band toured the world and Madeline's voice was projected into
    the international music scene. It was Elton John who announced
    them onto stage whilst performing "The Troubadour"
    in Los Angeles, Madeline continued to release other UK albums
    with "Blue Mink" as well as her own treasure trove
    of recordings. She recorded a duet with David Martin called "East
    Side-West Side", once again displaying her brilliant vocal
    talents. "Blue Mink" finally parted in May 1974 after
    a very successful career.

Madeline's diverse talents were
    utilised to their full potential on soundtracks to films to include
    "Hammerhead", "A Touch Of Class", and "The
    Greek Tycoon" and in addition displayed remarkable diversity
    in writing some of her own songs and appearing in the Dutch production
    of the "The Cotton Club" and Lionel Bart's splendid
    "La Strada", where she performed lead vocal. John Paul
    Jones from the famous Led Zeppelin group wrote songs with Madeline
    and provided backing for her T.V. shows. 

    Madeline worked for James Last on a world tour and provided exquisite
    vocal backing on his shows and albums. She was a vital component
    in making James Last's work more entertaining. Madeline's contribution
    to his musical work is electrifying and significantly essential
    to the overall effect.
Madeline
    has worked many times with the BBC's Big Band and was their special
    guest on 19 August 1999 at the "Royal Albert Hall"
    London impressing everyone with her incredible vocal dynamics.
    She has performed at the world famous Ronnie Scott's club in
    London since 1987 and on every occasion received a tumultuous
    reaction from enthusiastic audiences. Madeline has released numerous
    CDs of her work in the 90's, revealing supreme talents and array
    of styles, and on her recordings, plus live performances Madeline's
    backing musicians have provided ultimate professionalism.


Madeline
    has enraptured Holland many times with her glittering performances
    and completed a nine-week tour, which proved to be a resounding
    success. In Holland Madeline became famous because of her substantial
    contribution to the CD productions with Tom Parker. These productions,
    which are popular arrangements of classical composers like Beethoven,
    Verdi, and Handel, have attained massive sales. Madeline has
    worked with the Netherlands Metropole Orchestra which comprises
    of no less than sixty one musicians and has recorded a CD called
    "Beat Out That Rhythm On A Drum", which is on the Koch
    International Label 1998. Her versions of "Bridge Over Troubled
    Water" and "Evergreen" are adorable musical masterpieces.
    The orchestra is a national and international phenomenon and
    has also worked with Celine Dion, Andy Williams, Natalie Cole,
    Sarah Vaughan, Andrea Bocelli, Ella Fitzgerald, Art Garfunkel
    and many more worldwide entertainers.
    Boyzone were enthusiastically interested in working with Madeline
    and in 1996 recorded a new version of her outstanding hit "Melting
    Pot", which is featured on the Boyzone hit CD "A Different
    Beat" 1996, track 3. It was Madeline who was the prime motivator
    in this musical collaboration working extensively on the project.
    The song was to have been released as a single however, negotiations
    failed to reach fruition. It proved to be an impressive version
    with Madeline's voice excelling incredibly vocally.


    Madeline Bell is immensely talented her voice range can tower
    to spectacular heights then swoop to deep emotional intensity,
    vibrant and expressive in its delivery. She possesses a quality
    voice. Madeline can hold the listener spellbound and firmly entranced
    in vocal splendour with her incredible range and diverse styles.
    All Madeline's colleagues agree she has one of the best voices
    in the business. It was Joe Cocker who insisted on waiting one
    year until this most in demand session singer was free to record
    with him on the song "With A Little Help From My Friends"
    which became a British number one, thanks to the outstanding
    vocal performance of Madeline Bell.
Having
    started out as a gospel singer in 1956, toured Europe with the
    successful show "Black Nativity" in 1962, provided
    many stars with quality vocal backing and recorded superb singles
    and albums of her own. Worked and recorded hits with "Blue
    Mink", provided vocal backing for "James Last",
    toured the Netherlands and impressed inner Europe with outstanding
    performances. Played a major role in London's recording studios
    and written a considerable amount of her own songs, Madeline
    continues to enthral the public with her excellent voice and
    dynamic personality. Madeline has achieved many other significant
    show business events throughout her career which are not mentioned
    here, indeed sufficient to fill a book. The 9 July 1999 brought
    about a tremendous occasion in the singing career of this amazing
    lady when Madeline was given full acclaim and recognition for
    her work in the form of an award, which was presented by The
    International Alliance For Women In Music. Record Producers,
    Song Writers, T.V. Producers, Musical Directors of shows and
    the Global Press need look no further than Madeline, for they
    have a golden talent in their vision ready to enter the hall
    of fame where she will remain as a brilliant perpetual star.
    The June Mendoza portrait of Madeline at Ronnie Scott's Club
    in London will be touring the UK Art Galleries for 18 months
    until June 2001.
On
    the 22 June 2003 Madeline was honoured with a LIFETIME ACHEIVEMENT
    AWARD, presented by the Music Heritage Foundation for her significant
    and outstanding contribution to the music industry. The event,
    held at the Grosvenor Hotel, Park Lane, London, was attended
    by many prominent celebrities. This award is long overdue and
    more than well deserved for a lady whose musical career is diamond
    studded with great songs and immaculate performances this prestigious
    award will place Madeline at the top of the ladder of international
    stardom where she belongs as a magnetic and outstanding entertainer
    whose class and quality voice has spanned the decades and remained
    impeccably intact.
The
    world zoomed into the Millennium on 1 January 2000 and the "Celebration
    Bells" rang out, our own magnificent Madeline Bell was ready
    to continue holding the universal public transfixed with her
    miraculous vocal ability, inspiring hearts and minds musically
    way into the 21st Century.

Madeline's
    career has continued to blossom proving that her supreme vocal
    ability has sustained its excellent driving force. Madeline has
    worked regularly with the SAS rock band once again showing audiences
    diverse sides of her voice, which covers all aspects of music.
    With the SAS band Madeline has sang outstanding versions of Natural
    Woman, Higher Ground, Lady Marmalade and Move on Up.
 
Madeline
    has recently completed over fifty interviews for BBC and Independent
    Radio nationwide in the UK giving an account of her remarkable
    career, in addition Madeline has contributed to many TV programmes
    through interviews relating to the music industry. Madeline continues
    to work with the BBC Big Band and is involved in concerts titled
    The 3 Divas. These shows have impressed audiences everywhere
    and have included other top singers, Sheila Ferguson, Ruby Turner
    and PP Arnold.
A
    considerable amount of Madeline's time is spent in Holland performing
    with a great Dutch band headed by Frits Landesbergen all the
    musicians are excellent and tours continue to be successful.
    Memorable Christmas tours are brilliant. Madeline also continues
    to work in Germany.
Madeline
    is now involved in a great enterprise and has completed a series
    of shows in Movie Theatres in the Netherlands and Belgium. These
    important shows incorporate the film "Ray", and Madeline's
    vocal tribute to the great Ray Charles's Music. The full extravaganza
    which includes an introduction to Ray's music with Madeline involved,
    the film Ray with actor Jamie Fox giving an awe inspiring performance
    as "Ray", then the entire Jazz orchestra of the Concertgebouw
    with Madeline performing in front of the screen where the film
    had just been shown, Madeline gives an electrifying vocal tribute
    to Ray Charles's songs.
Madeline's
    rendition of Ray's songs is spectacular and audiences responded
    enthusiastically in respect of Madeline's great voice and personality
    a live CD entitled Tribute to Ray Charles Jazz Orchestra of the
    Concertgebouw featuring Madeline is on release, e-mail @jazzorchesta.nl.
    It is miraculous that Madeline's voice continues to mature and
    no doubt she will be involved in many more musical adventures
    way into 2006 and beyond.


    Alan Hodgson.


BACK
TO MADELINE'S

HOMEPAGE




































































Madeline Bell  CD : Bell's A Poppin' - Bear Family Records















































To be able to use Bear Family Records in full range, we recommend activating Javascript in your browser.







BEAR FAMILY RECORDS
Musik ist unser Leben -  ♬  Vinyl, CD, DVD  ♬  - These Cats Dig Music








 





Bear Family Records




           My account
        

			Wish list 		


Service/Help




                Help / Support
            



                A-Z
            



                Catalog
            



                Encyclopedia
            



                About us
            



                Contact
            



                Newsletter
            

























Deutsch
Englisch
Französisch



 





				Shopping cart			



$0.00*




				Display positions
				
				 


 


            Bonus points: 0

 









Werde Fan auf Facebook
Folge uns auf Twitter!
Treffe uns auf Google
Unser YouTube Channel
Zu unserem Blog


+49 (0)4748 / 821 60
info@bear-family.de












News 




Bear Family 




Rock'n'Roll 




Rock / Pop 




Elvis 




Country 




Blues 




Schlager 




Vinyl 




more sections 





SALE





Sie sind hier:

/

Blues

/

R&B / Soul / Gospel

/

Soul - Gospel

/

Madeline Bell: Bell's A Poppin'











Zurück


Vor





Back to general view



Write a review
Question about an item?
Add to wish list




Money-back guarantee  Customer call centre
Shipping within EU: 6,99 €  100 days right of return
More than 50,000 different items available ex-warehouse.






Madeline Bell Bell's A Poppin'
















 





Please inform me as soon as the product is available again.







Your email address

 



 



catalog number: CDRPM281
weight in Kg 0,100

 

Item is temporarily out of stock. Approx. delivery time: up to 3 weeks. (if available from supplier)





$17.17 *



Prices incl. VAT plus shipping costs






 


 


Description




Review (0)






Madeline Bell: Bell's A Poppin'
(2004/RPM) 20 tracks Philips 1965-67

 

Songs





Bell, Madeline - Bell's A Poppin' CD 1




1:




Picture Me Gone








2:




You Don´t Love Me No More








3:




Baby I´ll Come Right Away








4:




Beat The Clock








5:




Mr Dream Merchant








6:




Can´t Get Used To Losing You








7:




Soul Time








8:




I´m Gonna Make You Love Me








9:




I´m Gonna Leave You








10:




Last One To Be Loved








11:




I Didn´t Wanna Have To Do It








12:




Mercy Mercy Mercy








13:




What The World Needs Now Is Love








14:




I Can´t Wait To See My Baby´y Face








15:




Don´t Come Running To Me








16:




I Really Got Carried Away








17:




One Step At A Time








18:




You Wan´t See Me








19:




Climb Ev´ry Mountain








20:




It Makes No Difference Now










 


Artikeleigenschaften von Madeline Bell: Bell's A Poppin'




Interpret:
 Madeline Bell




Albumtitel:
 Bell's A Poppin'




Format


CD



 
Genre


R&B, Soul

 


Music Genre


Soul




Music Style


Soul




Music Sub-Genre


254 Soul




Title


Bell's A Poppin'




Release date


2004



 
Label


RPM

 

 
SubGenre


R&B Music - Soul

 
EAN: 5013929528123
weight in Kg 0.100

 


Presseartikel über Madeline Bell - Bell's A Poppin'



Customer evaluation "Bell's A Poppin'"
 

Evaluations will be activated after verification


Schreiben Sie eine Bewertung für den Artikel "Madeline Bell: Bell's A Poppin'"






Your name*: 

 


Summary*:

 


Evaluation *:

10 excellent
9
8
7
6
5
4
3
2
1 very poor

 


Your opinion

 




Please enter the digits and letters in the following text field.

 


 

The fields marked with * are required.




 






 
 
Similar products Bell, Madeline


 
                
            


Madeline Bell: Bell's A Poppin'


$17.17 *



#SimilarBoxLinkDetails#





 
                
            


Madeline Bell: Voice Of Soul & Sound Of Soul (1976)


$10.75 *



#SimilarBoxLinkDetails#





			Alle "Madeline Bell" Artikel anzeigen
		


Alle Madeline Bell Artikel anzeigen





 
 











































 



Viewed
















Top Categories



A-Z Artists List




Bear Family - Press Archive




Bear Family A-Z list




Bear Family Artist Spezial




Bear Family Catalogues




Bear Family Encyclopedia




Bear Family On The Road




Bear Family Radio





Top Label



Bear Family Records




Buffalo Bop




Cow Island




Cree Records




Dee Jay Jamboree




Delmark Records




Mississippi Records




Sundazed Records




Valcour Records





Social Media



Bear Family Apple Apps




Bear Family Google Apps




Bear Family News Blog




Facebook




Mobile Shopping




MySpace




Twitter




Youtube





Top Links



A MUST HAVE...




Awards for Bear Family




Bear Family A Record Label




Baer Family  - Features







Hotline & Contact
For helpdesk and personal assistance, please dial+49 47 48 - 82 16 0from the USA dial011 49 4748 82160Mondays through Thursday 9:00-18:00 CETFridays 9:00-16:00 CET
E-Mail:bear[at]bear-family.deTelefax: +49(0) 47 48 - 82 16 - 20Contact form

Please, subscribe to our free newsletter. You won't miss any of our special offers and news.










Payment and shipping



Vorkasse


Rechnung


Lastschrift


Debitcard




More about our methods of payment


Climate neutral shipping with DHL GO GREEN
Shipping with DHL EXPRESS
Shipping with DPD

More about our shipping costs


Excellent shopping

pixi*
 Ausgezeichnet.org 



Your advantages with us

 Fast service 100-day money back guarantee Purchase on account (Euros 200 max.) Convenient payment by PayPal Express Customer call centre 


More Information




Bonus Points Program




Help / Support




Cancellation Policy




Defective product




Return




Contact




Delivery times**




Newsletter






FAQ




Shipping & Shipping Costs




General Terms and Conditions




Payment




Privacy




Affiliate program




Site Map




The media


...


* All prices incl . VAT and excl. Shipping costs.



General Terms and Conditions Cancellation Policy Privacy Impressum Sitemap RSS







Specialised in premium quality re-issues. One of the world's most renowned, multiple award-winning record companies. Our catalog contains country music, rock'n'roll, rhyhm'n'blues, folk, beat, oldies, jazz, chansons, cabaret, and culture. Here you will find updates, news and in-detail product informations

© 2013 eCommerce Agentur Rhinos Media®



Realized by Shopware



















Madeline S. Bell































Media + Technology


 Go to Media + Technology
				
Comcast is working to shape the future of media and technology. We strive to create the best content and constantly pursue innovation to delight our customers.



Technology
Parks and Resorts
TV
Film
Internet
Communications
Sports
Entertainment




Home Management
Business Services
News
Advertising
Comcast Ventures
Customer Experience






News + Info

 Go to News + Info
				




News Feed
Logo + Media Library
Customer Experience




Resources
Company Overview
Executive Biographies
Timeline
Public Policy
Awards & Recognitions
NBCUinversal Transaction
Press & Industry Analyst Contacts
Press Kit PDF




Connect With Comcast
Email Alerts
RSS Feed






Our Company

 Go to Our Company
				
Inspired by a rich heritage, Comcast NBCUniversal has the experience, creativity and leadership to shape the future of media and technology.



Leadership
Businesses
Comcast Cable
NBCUniversal
Comcast Spectacor
Comcast Ventures
50 Iconic Moments






Our Values

 Go to Our Values
				




Community Investment
Digital Literacy
Community Service
Youth Education & Leadership
Media That Matters
Philanthropy & Partnerships







Diversity & Inclusion
Governance
Our People
Supplier Diversity
Programming
Community Investment
Accessibility




Environment
Green Is Universal
Smarter Operations
Integrity
Compliance Program
Code of Conduct
Comcast Listens
Compliance Risk Management






Investors

 Go to Investors
				




Stock Performance
Key Facts
Stock Quotes
Historical Stock Price Lookup
Investment Calculator
Dividends & Stock Splits
Investor News
Events & Presentations




Shareholder Services
My Shareholder Account
Cost Basis Guide
FAQs
Financials
Earnings
Annual Reports
SEC Filings




Corporate Governance
Executive Officers
Board of Directors
Board Committees
Articles of Incorporation
By-Laws
Corporate Governance Guidelines
Director and Executive Officer Ownership
Related Party Transactions Policy






Careers

 Go to Careers
				
We reimagine industries, invent new technologies and are the creators of movies, TV shows, theme park rides and experiences that thrill and entertain millions of people every day.



Opportunities
Culture
Career Sites


















Bio
Madeline S. Bell, Director, Comcast Corporation












Madeline S. Bell has served as a director since February 2016.  Ms. Bell is the President and CEO of The Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia (CHOP), a top-ranked children’s hospital in the United States. Prior to being promoted to CEO in July of 2015, Ms. Bell served as CHOP’s Chief Operating Officer for eight years. Ms. Bell began her career as a nurse in pediatrics and moved from a variety of different nursing roles into hospital administration in 1989. Ms. Bell is a fellow of the Philadelphia College of Physicians, Chair-elect of the Children’s Hospital Association and also serves on the boards of the University City District, the Schuylkill River Development Corporation, Delaware Valley Healthcare Council, Health Alliance, Solutions for Patient Safety, Greater Philadelphia Chamber of Commerce and is a member of the Chamber's CEO Council for Growth. Ms. Bell also serves on the Philadelphia Federal Reserve Bank Economic Advisory Board and the Villanova University College of Nursing Board of Consultors. 






		Share 















































Comcast brings together the best in media and technology. We drive innovation to create the world's best entertainment and online experiences.  





Home




Media + Technology
News + Info
Our Company
Our Values
Investors
Careers
Blog
Sitemap







CONNECT
COMCAST VOICES BLOG
SUBSCRIBE VIA EMAIL
SUBSCRIBE VIA RSS


CONTACT
CONTACT INFORMATION
FIND US ON GOOGLE+






Terms
				 |  
				Privacy
				 |  
				Comcast Home Page
				 |  
				XFINITY Deals
				 |  
				Business Services
				 |  
				Comcast Customer Service
				 |  
				Internet Service
				 |  
				TV Service
				 |  
				Parental Controls
				 |  
				XFINITY Home
© 2016 Comcast. This website also contains material copyrighted by third parties.













Products

















































































Madeline Products




Madeline products are available at independent toy stores, book stores and on-line.
 
We hope you'll support the local retailers in your area but, if there's not one near you or you prefer to shop on-line,
a complete selection of Madeline products is available at:










 










Privacy Policy




Contact




Retailers, Librarians & Teachers




Licensing Inquiries





MADELINE TM & © 2014 Ludwig Bemelmans, LLC
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















Amazon.com: madeline bell: CDs & Vinyl







 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















CDs & Vinyl



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store       Settings 























































































1-12 of 51 results for CDs & Vinyl : 
"madeline bell"


"madeline bell" 
                                





                                 Cancel









Sort by 
Relevance
Featured
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Avg. Customer Review
Release Date





























Bell's a Poppin2004 | Importby BELL,MADELINE
5 out of 5 stars
2
Audio CDfrom $159.19

New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $159.19

Doin Things2004 | Importby Madeline Bell
4 out of 5 stars
1
Audio CDfrom $225.11

New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $225.11

Together Again2012 | Importby Madeline Bell and David Martin
Audio CD$18.63PrimeOnly 1 left
FREE Shipping on eligible orders
New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $12.37

Young Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart1987 | Importby The New London Chorale
Audio CDfrom $12.99

New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $12.99











Blessed2000 | Importby Madeline Bell
3 out of 5 stars
1
Audio CDfrom $39.94

New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $39.94

Madeline Bell2010 | Importby Madeline Bell
Audio CDfrom $39.99

New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $39.99

Hammerhead(original soundtrack LP)vinylby David Whitaker and Madeline Bell
Vinylfrom $25.00

New and Used:
Vinylfrom $25.00

British Invasion: Dusty Springfield - Once Upon a Time, 1964-19691964 | Multiple Formatsby Dusty Springfield and Burt BacharachDVD$17.29$19.99PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 8 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$10.15(24 used &amp new offers)See All Formats
4.9 out of 5 stars
29Starring:Dusty Springfield, Burt Bacharach, et al.Directed by:David PeckRuntime:1 hr 24 minsTribute to Ray Charles2012by Concertgebouw Jazz Orchestra and Madeline Bell
5 out of 5 stars
1
Audio CD$18.27PrimeOnly 1 left
FREE Shipping on eligible orders
New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $8.75

Singer2016by Georgie Fame & Madeline Bell
4 out of 5 stars
1
Audio CD$17.31PrimeTemporarily out of stock. Order now and we'll deliver when available.MP3 Music$8.99
FREE Shipping on eligible orders
New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $7.65

My Little Pony - The Movie1986 | Multiple Formatsby Danny DeVito and Madeline KahnDVD$3.00(21 used &amp new offers)DVD30th Anniversary Edition$7.99PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$2.03(31 used &amp new offers)See All Formats
4.4 out of 5 stars
214Trade in this item for an Amazon.com Gift CardStarring:Danny DeVito, Madeline Kahn, et al.Directed by:Mike JoensRuntime:1 hr 26 minsBlue Mink (Madeline Bell) ~ Melting Pot LP
Vinylfrom $13.95

New and Used:
Vinylfrom $13.95














 
Previous Page
1
2
3
4
5
 
Next Page
















Sponsored Links
(What's this?)












Search FeedbackDid you find what you were looking for?YesNo
Choose a category that best describes the issue that you are having with the search:Choose a category…I need to talk to customer service.I still haven't found what I'm looking for.How do I filter or sort my search ?Something is broken.A picture or description looks wrong.Could you add a feature ?Could you start carrying a product not listed here ?Choose a category…







Leave us some comments about your search; your comments can help make our site better for everyone.Submit

Get Express customer service or contact us by e-mail or phone.contact us

Thank you for your feedback.
If you need help or have a question for Customer Service, please visit the Help Section.
















Show results for
                                Any CategoryCDs & VinylDance & ElectronicVocal JazzDance PopSoul-Jazz & BoogalooEasy ListeningRap & Hip-HopR&BVocal PopSoulPop RapBluesClassic RockClassicalJazzPopRockSoundtracksWorld MusicSee moreRefine byAmazon PrimeEligible for Free ShippingFree Shipping by AmazonMusic ArtistBurt BacharachDusty SpringfieldPackaging OptionFrustration-Free PackagingAvg. Customer Review4 Stars & Up & Up3 Stars & Up & Up2 Stars & Up & Up1 Star & Up & UpInternational ShippingAmazonGlobal EligibleConditionCollectibleNewUsedAvailabilityInclude Out of Stock












































































There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















































        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.








Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates




















Amazon.com: madeline bell: CDs & Vinyl







 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















CDs & Vinyl



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store       Settings 























































































1-12 of 51 results for CDs & Vinyl : 
"madeline bell"


"madeline bell" 
                                





                                 Cancel









Sort by 
Relevance
Featured
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Avg. Customer Review
Release Date





























Bell's a Poppin2004 | Importby BELL,MADELINE
5 out of 5 stars
2
Audio CDfrom $159.19

New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $159.19

Doin Things2004 | Importby Madeline Bell
4 out of 5 stars
1
Audio CDfrom $225.11

New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $225.11

Together Again2012 | Importby David Martin and Madeline Bell
Audio CD$18.63PrimeOnly 1 left
FREE Shipping on eligible orders
New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $12.37

Young Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart1987 | Importby The New London Chorale
Audio CDfrom $12.99

New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $12.99











Blessed2000 | Importby Madeline Bell
3 out of 5 stars
1
Audio CDfrom $39.94

New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $39.94

Madeline Bell2010 | Importby Madeline Bell
Audio CDfrom $39.99

New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $39.99

Hammerhead(original soundtrack LP)vinylby David Whitaker and Madeline Bell
Vinylfrom $25.00

New and Used:
Vinylfrom $25.00

British Invasion: Dusty Springfield - Once Upon a Time, 1964-19691964 | Multiple Formatsby Dusty Springfield and Burt BacharachDVD$17.29$19.99PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 8 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$10.15(24 used &amp new offers)See All Formats
4.9 out of 5 stars
29Starring:Dusty Springfield, Burt Bacharach, et al.Directed by:David PeckRuntime:1 hr 24 minsTribute to Ray Charles2012by Concertgebouw Jazz Orchestra and Madeline Bell
5 out of 5 stars
1
Audio CD$18.27PrimeOnly 1 left
FREE Shipping on eligible orders
New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $8.75

Singer2016by Georgie Fame & Madeline Bell
4 out of 5 stars
1
Audio CD$17.31PrimeTemporarily out of stock. Order now and we'll deliver when available.MP3 Music$8.99
FREE Shipping on eligible orders
New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $7.65

My Little Pony - The Movie1986 | Multiple Formatsby Danny DeVito and Madeline KahnDVD$3.00(21 used &amp new offers)DVD30th Anniversary Edition$7.99PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$2.03(31 used &amp new offers)See All Formats
4.4 out of 5 stars
214Trade in this item for an Amazon.com Gift CardStarring:Danny DeVito, Madeline Kahn, et al.Directed by:Mike JoensRuntime:1 hr 26 minsBlue Mink (Madeline Bell) ~ Melting Pot LP
Vinylfrom $13.95

New and Used:
Vinylfrom $13.95














 
Previous Page
1
2
3
4
5
 
Next Page
















Sponsored Links
(What's this?)








Ad feedback











Search FeedbackDid you find what you were looking for?YesNo
Choose a category that best describes the issue that you are having with the search:Choose a category…I need to talk to customer service.I still haven't found what I'm looking for.How do I filter or sort my search ?Something is broken.A picture or description looks wrong.Could you add a feature ?Could you start carrying a product not listed here ?Choose a category…







Leave us some comments about your search; your comments can help make our site better for everyone.Submit

Get Express customer service or contact us by e-mail or phone.contact us

Thank you for your feedback.
If you need help or have a question for Customer Service, please visit the Help Section.
















Show results for
                                Any CategoryCDs & VinylDance & ElectronicVocal JazzDance PopSoul-Jazz & BoogalooEasy ListeningRap & Hip-HopR&BVocal PopSoulPop RapBluesClassic RockClassicalJazzPopRockSoundtracksWorld MusicSee moreRefine byAmazon PrimeEligible for Free ShippingFree Shipping by AmazonMusic ArtistBurt BacharachDusty SpringfieldPackaging OptionFrustration-Free PackagingAvg. Customer Review4 Stars & Up & Up3 Stars & Up & Up2 Stars & Up & Up1 Star & Up & UpInternational ShippingAmazonGlobal EligibleConditionCollectibleNewUsedAvailabilityInclude Out of Stock












































































There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















































        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.








Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates










