

























Just Before Dawn: Ralph Seymour, Katie Powell, John Hunsaker, Charles Bartlett, Jamie Rose, Hap Oslund, Barbara Spencer, Gregg Henry, Mike Kellin, Chris Lemmon, Deborah Benson, George Kennedy, Jeff Lieberman: Amazon.co.uk: LOVEFiLM By Post













































Amazon.co.uk




    Try Prime
  


















LOVEFiLM by Post



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Global Store
Amazon Pantry
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Apps & Games
Baby
Beauty
Books
Car & Motorbike
CDs & Vinyl
Classical Music
Clothing
Computers & Accessories
Digital Music 
DIY & Tools
DVD & Blu-ray
Electronics & Photo
Fashion
Garden & Outdoors
Gift Cards
Grocery
Handmade
Health & Personal Care
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Jewellery
Kindle Store
Large Appliances
Lighting
LOVEFiLM by Post
Luggage
Luxury Beauty
Musical Instruments & DJ
PC & Video Games
Pet Supplies
Shoes & Bags
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Stationery & Office Supplies
Toys & Games
VHS
Watches





Go

















Shop byDepartment





Hello. Sign inYour AccountTryPrimeYourLists Basket0






Your Amazon.co.ukToday's DealsGift Cards & Top UpSellHelp






LOVEFiLM By Post Movies TV Shows Amazon Video Help Getting Started Settings Your LOVEFiLM Rental List




















































































 
    Just Before Dawn
        1981

Subtitles




LOVEFiLM By Post




Movies and TV seasons on DVD and Blu-ray to rent By Post.


                        
                        Start your 30-day free trial
                        
                        
                    



 
 







3.4 out of 5 stars



    (19)
  







                LOVEFiLM By Post
            







Low-budget horror. Five campers take a trip into the backwoods despite the warnings from a local forest ranger about a homicidal maniac who has been terrorising the area. When the gang ignore the warnings and set up camp, it isn't long before they start getting picked off, one by one. 


Starring:Ralph Seymour, Katie Powell
Rental Formats:DVD, Blu-ray
















        Send us Feedback
    





Share












































            Customers Who Rented This Disc Also Rented
          




 

 


 

 

 


 

 

 


 

 

 


 

 

 


 

 

 


 

 

 


 

 

 


 

 

 


 

 

 


 

 

 


 

 

 


 

 

 


 

 

 


 

 

 


 

 

 


 

 

 


 

 

 


 

 

 


 







    Product details




            DVD
        

            Blu-ray
        




 
                    Discs
                



Feature
ages_18_and_over





 
                    Runtime
                

                    1 hour 30 minutes
                


 
                    Starring
                

Ralph Seymour, 
        Katie Powell, 
        John Hunsaker, 
        Charles Bartlett, 
        Jamie Rose, 
        Hap Oslund, 
        Barbara Spencer, 
        Gregg Henry, 
        Mike Kellin, 
        Chris Lemmon, 
        Deborah Benson, 
        George Kennedy



 
                    Director
                

Jeff Lieberman



 
                    Genres
                

Horror



 
                    Studio
                

                    Wildstar Sales
                


 
                    Rental release
                
 
                    24 July 2017
                


 
                    Main languages
                

                    English
                


 
                    Subtitles
                

                    English
                






 
                    Discs
                



Feature
ages_18_and_over





 
                    Runtime
                

                    1 hour 30 minutes
                


 
                    Starring
                

Ralph Seymour, 
        Katie Powell, 
        John Hunsaker, 
        Charles Bartlett, 
        Jamie Rose, 
        Hap Oslund, 
        Barbara Spencer, 
        Gregg Henry, 
        Mike Kellin, 
        Chris Lemmon, 
        Deborah Benson, 
        George Kennedy



 
                    Director
                

Jeff Lieberman



 
                    Genres
                

Horror



 
                    Studio
                

                    Wildstar Sales
                


 
                    Rental release
                
 
                    24 July 2017
                


 
                    Main languages
                

                    English
                


 
                    Subtitles
                

                    English
                









            Other formats
        




                            DVD
                            

                                    £7.99
                                






                            Blu-ray
                            

                                    £14.99
                                















Customer reviews3.4 out of 5 stars193.4 out of 5 stars5 star54 star63 star32 star11 star4Share your thoughts with other customersWrite a customer reviewSee all 19 customer reviewsTop customer reviews5.0 out of 5 starsNot your average slasher filmByMr. Jonathon T. Becketton 4 December 2008Format: DVD|Verified PurchaseFive friends go camping in the mountains, where one of them Warren(Greg Henry) has bought a plot of land. Ignoring the warnings of forest ranger Roy Mclean(George Kennedy)of the dangers involved, they carry on going unawares that theres a psychotic murderer hitching a ride on the back of their camper van. After setting up camp they start to hear noises in the bushes and soon they all find themselves in terrible danger. Meanwhile Mclean, hearing of a murderer in the vicinity sets off in pursuit of the imperilled campers.This great little film has as much in common with The Hill Have Eyes, Rituals and their modern cousins such as Wrong Turn as it does with the prolific early 80's slasher output which it is often labelled as. Director Leiberman creates a very unsettling film through a mixture of carefully built up tension, some very eerie shots of the surrounding beautiful landscape and theres a very haunting musical score that compliments the film very well. Kennedy is excellent as the world weary Mclean, but the best performance comes from Deborah Benson as Connie who starts off quiet and reserved but due to the terrible situation she finds herself in turns to Lady Vengeance. The transformation is believable and the end result is just a little scary.Theres also an ingenious twist halfway through the film which echoes a comment by one of the campers at the beginning of the film.So an excellent little film, so much more than a generic slaher film, and fans of low budget 80's horror should lap it up. Full marks. 5 out of 5Read more33 Comments|
      6 people found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse1.0 out of 5 starsTexas Chain Saw meets Friday 13th (sort of)ByDaveon 24 July 2017Format: Blu-ray|Verified PurchaseI remember seeing this movie at the cinema in the early 80s.  It was back when there was a support movie before main feature.  Christine or Cujo, i think.Given the age of the film it's not a bad transfer.I made the mistake of watching the extended version first and the quality is pretty bad and I assumed it to be the same as the cinema version.  Thankfully it's not.  It's worth a punt if you collect 80s horrors.Read more0Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse4.0 out of 5 starsA surprisingly dark, too-long-overlooked little horror filmByDaniel JolleyHALL OF FAMETOP 500 REVIEWERon 27 August 2007Format: DVDThe more I think about it, the more I like this movie.  Substituting suspense for an excess of gore, Just Before Dawn is pretty successful at actually bringing you in to the story.  In most horror films, I basically just sit back and look forward to the next death scene, hoping it will be as gruesome and as bloody as possible.  I won't say I actually came to care about the designated victims in this film, but I wasn't hoping for their deaths.  Maybe it's because, for one of the few times in horror film history, these young people didn't invite their deaths by doing incredibly stupid things.  OK, I guess they did a few dumb things - but nothing of the "I'll be right back" variety.  I also liked the casting of George Kennedy as the outside hero who might or might not ride in on his white horse to save the day.  Most of all, though, I liked the ending.I had my doubts early on.  This isn't exactly the first time I've watched a group of young people head off on a camping trip into the unexplored wilderness.  This particular group of three men and two women weren't exactly the sharpest knives in the drawer, either.  When some crazy dude runs out of the woods hollering about a demon that just killed his nephew up the road, I'm turning around and going home - I don't care how liquored up the fellow is.  If a George Kennedy-shaped forest ranger also warns me not to keep going, I'm definitely packing up the Vienna sausages and turning tail.  (Personally, I would also have been a little nervous about the fact that the early scenes kept changing from night to day and back again every couple of minutes.)  These kids, naturally, scoff at such warnings and omens, apparently believing that one of their number's ownership of the land will keep them safe - and you also have to give them the benefit of the doubt, acknowledging the fact that they could hardly have known that some grotesque inbreeds were up there just hoping for some more victims to come their way.  This was 1980, long before Cabin Fever, Wrong Turn, and other "camping kills" films became all the rage.Co-writer and director Jeff Lieberman did a might fine job of filmmaking here, especially given the film's obvious low budget.  He doesn't just dive right into the killings, using the first half of the film to generate a little tension and nervousness among the campers.  The killings themselves, when they do come, are well-conceived and efficient.  Lieberman knows how to work with light and shadows, too, throwing in some really effective shots at crucial times.  And the ending is great because it doesn't completely kowtow to convention.Characters certainly die in this movie, but those deaths aren't overly gory (although the first killing does have a certain savoir faire to it) - so don't start expecting this thing to turn into a cookie-cutter slasher film.  Just Before Dawn isn't so much about the killing as it is the trying to stay alive.  The "monsters" aren't too bright, but they've got a real "get 'er done" mentality, and that's really the way to go if you want to be a truly successful killer.I'll go ahead and tell you that you're going to want to watch this film after dark, without any lights on, because the print is somewhat dark overall and the night-time wilderness scenes can be pretty hard to see in a well-lit environment.  You may also want to avert your eyes and cover your ears during the inevitable dance around the campfire scene because the music is just as bad as the dancing.  (I think Lieberman must have blown his entire music budget on the rights for Blondie's Heart of Glass because the rest of the soundtrack leaves much to be desired.)I just have to say that Just Before Dawn is one of those films that somehow fell through the cracks, and that's a shame because it really is a deceptively good little horror film.  I think it's definitely worth checking out.Read more11 Comment|
      7 people found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse5.0 out of 5 starsFive StarsByDave12on 19 July 2014Format: DVD|Verified Purchasedvd was a gift but reported as being good quality by recipient.Read more11 Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse5.0 out of 5 starsJUST BEFORE DAWN.:classic  backwoods horrorByNelson Viperon 11 June 2013Format: DVD|Verified PurchaseFive twentysomethings go into the woods and encounter  man mountain killer twins.Just Before Dawn is a great 1980 backwoods horror film directed by Jeff Lieberman. He was never a prolific filmmaker, but from Squirm to Blue Sunshine, and even Satan's little Helper, packed all his work with interesting ideas and oddball touches.  Just Before Dawn is one of his best. The atmosphere is  eerie and still. It captures  something  quite primal about the unease nature can bring out in people. There are also some unexpected visuals. For example, a prelude to one of the kills involving, redhead, Jamie Rose seems to reference Millais' Ophelia. The final confrontation between Deborah Benson and one of the hulking killers  is  pretty unique.SHRIEK SHOWThe double disc region 1 Shriek Show release is in widescreen. It features  the option of surround sound  or the original mono soundtrack. Extras include a commentary track by Jeff Lieberman, stills and cast and crew interviews, The Picture quality is not great, but is more down to the film stock used than a poor transfer.ODEONThe much maligned region 2 Odeon disc is actually pretty interesting. I always thought it was just a bad VHS rip. However, it actually runs about nine minutes longer than the region 1 disc. The extended length of some scenes and lack of musical cues in fact suggest that it might have been sourced from an early rough cut of the film and not from the original US VHS release. So if you are a big fan and are tolerant of imperfections it's  worth a look.Read more66 Comments|
      3 people found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse5.0 out of 5 starsFive StarsByAmazon Customeron 23 October 2016Format: DVD|Verified Purchaseexcellent !Read more0Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseSee all 19 customer reviews (newest first)Write a customer review

Most recent customer reviews1.0 out of 5 starsUnfortunately I'm not happy with this productUnfortunately I'm not happy with this product, I pay £20 for this and the picture and sound is terrible, it's not an original DVD, it looks like it has been copied from VHS to a...Read morePublished 3 months ago by Amazon Customer3.0 out of 5 starsThree StarsA bit dated.Published 7 months ago by Mr James Rodger-Brown4.0 out of 5 starsCreepy atmospheric slasher in the woodsIt seems that Jeff Lieberman either made dross or very good movies and thankfully Just Before Dawn is a very good horror movie.Read morePublished 1 year ago by Colonel Decker2.0 out of 5 starsokok for a copyPublished on 2 June 2014 by david5.0 out of 5 starsTHEY DONT AND PROB CANT MAKE EM LIKE THIS ANYMORE, SHAME!GREAT HORROR FULL OF IMAGINATION AND ATMOSPHERE, FROM THE DAYS WHEN NOBODY GAVE A HOOT ABOUT HD, BRING IT ALL BACK!Published on 9 January 2013 by D.POWELL4.0 out of 5 starsDawn of the Inbred!Some teens go camping in the woods only to fall victim to a fat, retarded loon with a penchant for hitting people with a machete and then accessorizing with their clothes...Read morePublished on 23 December 2012 by Arch Stanton3.0 out of 5 starsthe trees have eyes?If you are a fan of "The hills have eyes" you will either love this movie for being similiar or hate it for copying it.Read morePublished on 19 April 2010 by ciaran moore4.0 out of 5 starsBrilliant backwoods slasher film.If you like 80's slasher/horror films then you'll definitely going to love this. Director Jeff Lieberman who also made Squirm a ridiculous film about killer worms directs this...Read morePublished on 8 March 2010 by Puzzle box4.0 out of 5 starsA good little slashfest.This relatively unknown slasher flick must have missed the radar as not many people remember it. I can honestly say this is one of my all time favourite horror films.Read morePublished on 4 March 2010 by Neil BSearch customer reviewsSearch






Customers viewing this page may be interested in these sponsored links  
  (What is this?)
  
















Ad feedback






























        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.







Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout UsUK Modern Slavery StatementMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessAssociates ProgrammeFulfilment by AmazonAdvertise Your ProductsIndependently Publish with UsAmazon PayBecome an Amazon Vendor›See allAmazon Payment MethodsAmazon Platinum MastercardAmazon Money StoreGift CardsAmazon Currency ConverterPayment Methods HelpShop with PointsTop Up Your AccountLet Us Help YouTrack Packages or View OrdersDelivery Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon Mobile AppAmazon AssistantHelp

AustraliaBrazilCanadaChinaFranceGermanyIndiaItalyJapanMexicoNetherlandsSpainUnited States

Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

AbeBooks Books, art & collectables

ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Amazon BuyVIP The European Shopping Club

 

Amazon Tickets Music, Theatre & Comedy

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

 

DPReview Digital Photography

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy

Prime Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Essentials

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

Yoyo.com A Happy Place To Shop For Toys

 

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Warehouse Deals Deep Discounts Open-Box Products

LOVEFiLM DVD & Blu-ray To Rent By Post

Amazon Business Service for business customers


Conditions of Use & SalePrivacy NoticeCookies & Internet Advertising© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates





 Unlimited One-Day Delivery and more 
 Prime members also enjoy exclusive access to movies and TV shows, two million songs and much more. 

      >
      Get Started








There's a problem loading this menu at the moment.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.

















v

























	PASADENA ROSE WATER Trademark of BENSON, BARBARA. Serial Number: 73659342 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Light Beverage Products
PASADENA ROSE WATER










 
Get FREE email alerts













PASADENA ROSE WATER  Trademark Information
 BENSON, BARBARA




Perfect for these industries

Light Beverage Products 





Words that describe this mark
flavored   nonalcoholic   drinks    
                                    




This is a brand page for the PASADENA ROSE WATER trademark by BENSON, BARBARA 
                                in PASADENA, , 91105.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this PASADENA ROSE WATER trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner BENSON, BARBARA of the PASADENA ROSE WATER trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the PASADENA ROSE WATER trademark.
                           






On Thursday, May 07, 1987,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        PASADENA ROSE WATER by 
                        BENSON, BARBARA, PASADENA 91105.
                        The USPTO has given the PASADENA ROSE WATER 
                        trademark serial  number of  73659342.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - INCOMPLETE RESPONSE.
                        The correspondent listed for PASADENA ROSE WATER is 
                        
                        
                                            BARBARA BENSON of 
                                            200 ANNANDALE,  PASADENA, CA  91105,  
                                .
                            The PASADENA ROSE WATER trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Light Beverage Products 
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for PASADENA ROSE WATER 
                            is FLAVORED NON-ALCOHOLIC DRINKS. 
                            





Word mark:
 PASADENA ROSE WATER


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - INCOMPLETE RESPONSE

3/6/1989






  Serial Number:  
73659342


  Filing Date:  
5/7/1987


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
FLAVORED NON-ALCOHOLIC DRINKS


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
N/A


Last Applicant/Owner:

BENSON, BARBARAPASADENA 91105
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing with Words in Stylized form


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("ROSE WATER")


 Correspondent:


BARBARA BENSON
200 ANNANDALE
PASADENA, CA  91105







 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (032) - Beers; mineral and aerated waters and other nonalcoholic drinks; fruit drinks and fruit juices; syrups and other preparations for making beverages. 


First Use Anywhere: 
2/1/1984


First Use In Commerce: 
2/1/1984





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your PASADENA ROSE WATER trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

3/6/1989
ABANDONED - INCOMPLETE RESPONSE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



BARBARA BENSON


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of PASADENA ROSE WATER trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search pasadenarosewater on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for PASADENA ROSE WATER 




PASADENA ROSE WATER is providing FLAVORED NON-ALCOHOLIC DRINKS.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 



























Barbara J Benson - Breinigsville, PA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Barbara J Benson in Breinigsville, PA


Barbara J Benson

                                                                                       Intelius found that Barbara J Benson  is  a female between 50 and 60 years old from Breinigsville, PA.  We have connected them to
                6 addresses,
                3 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Barbara J Moyer
Barbara J Doney
Barbara K Benson


Get Report Now

Age

Barbara J Benson is in her 50s

Barbara Has Lived In

Breinigsville, PA
Coplay, PA
Coopersburg, PA

Barbara's Relatives

Kenneth Benson
William Moyer
Kris Doney
Peng Moyer







Barbara J Benson



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderFemale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Barbara? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Barbara, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Barbara J Benson
Get a Criminal Check on Barbara J Benson
Get a Public Record Report on Barbara J Benson
Get a People Search Report on Barbara J Benson


Barbara J Benson's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Barbara J Benson has lived as well as Barbara J Benson's phone numbers and email addresses.




Barbara J Benson Has Lived in 1 States
Pennsylvania Address for Barbara J Benson


1142 T********** R* 

Breinigsville, PA


Has Lived In

Breinigsville, PA
Coplay, PA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Barbara J Benson

(484) ***-**** - Fogelsville, PA 
() ***-**** - Breinigsville, PA 
(610) ***-**** - Coplay, PA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Barbara J Benson



Get Email Report




Barbara J Benson's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Barbara J Benson's academic history.  Find out which schools Barbara J Benson attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Barbara J Benson received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Barbara J Benson Has Attended 1 School
Quakertown Community High School 1972 – 1976                              


Barbara J Benson's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Barbara J Benson


Barbara J Benson's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Barbara J Benson's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Barbara Benson
Username Matches

                  BarbaraBenson
                  BensonBarbara
                  Barbara.Benson
                  Benson.Barbara
                  Barbara_Benson
                  Benson_Barbara
                  Barbara-Benson
                  Benson-Barbara
                  BBenson
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
B Benson







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.















Barbara's Interiors in Benson, AZ 85602 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Arizona
» Benson
» Personal Services
» Barbara's Interiors













Barbara's Interiors


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





25265 E Apache Trl  Benson, Arizona 85602


(520) 586-9607


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Barbara's Interiors is located at the address 25265 E Apache Trl in Benson, Arizona 85602.  They can be contacted via phone at (520) 586-9607 for pricing, hours and directions.  Barbara's Interiors specializes in Interior, Dining Rooms, Holidays.  Barbara's Interiors has an annual sales volume of 0 - 500K.  .For more information contact Barbara  Corbet, OwnerBarbara's Interiors provides Custom Designing, Maintenance, Estimates to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Barbara's Interiors view the map to the right.  For reviews of Barbara's Interiors see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Shades
, Windows
, Shutters
, Fabric
, Furniture
, Paint
, Flooring
, Curtains
, Carpets
, Bedding



SERVICES


Estimates
, Interior Design Service
, Installations
, Rentals & Leasing
, Custom Work
, New Construction
, Maintenance
, Financing Available
, Custom Designing
, Painting


 BRANDS


Graber
, Sealy
, Lexington
, Hancock & Moore
, Hunter Douglas
, Broyhill
, Kirsch
, Flexsteel
, Stickley
, Ethan Allen


 SPECIALTIES


Interior
, Dining Rooms
, Holidays
, Commercial
, Patios
, Home Offices
, Restaurants
, Exterior



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (520) 586-9607
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 5 To 9
Exact Employee Count: 8
Exact Sales Volume: 120000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 0 - 500K
CATEGORIES:


Personal Services
Specialty Contractors
Fashion, Clothing & Accessories Design
Commercial Interior Design
Construction
Professional Services
Design Services
Interior Designers & Decorators



People Also Viewed


J R Express


3152 W Linda Ln  Benson, Arizona 85602




Candy Station


Po Box 758  Benson, Arizona 85602





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Barbara  Corbet
OWNER
Phone: (520) 628-3655 
 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM










Benson in Santa Barbara, California with Reviews - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeSanta Barbara, CABensonSanta Barbara, CA BensonAbout Search ResultsAbout Search ResultsYP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. “Preferred” listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions. YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.Sort:DefaultDefaultDistanceRatingName (A - Z)Sponsored LinksAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection1. Jeoffrey P Benson Inc504 W Pueblo St Ste 301Santa Barbara, CA 93105(805) 682-5520Physicians & Surgeons, Pain ManagementWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection2. Benson PropertiesSanta Barbara, CA 93140(805) 966-5169Real Estate ManagementAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection3. Benson Marilyn592 Calle AnzueloSanta Barbara, CA 93111(805) 967-9254No Internet Heading AssignedAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection4. Dr. Emily Suzanne Benson, MD3291 Loma Vista RdVentura, CA 93003(805) 652-6139Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection5. Benson Crane Inc(2)Serving the Santa Barbara Area.(714) 836-9803CranesWebsiteMore Infothis place is the best. you will ALWAYS FIND WHAT YOU NEED HERE.Sponsored LinksShowing1-5
of 5resultsRelated Articlesfor Bensonmore related articles »Engagement Rings: Insurance Pros & Cons »Insuring your wedding ring saves you headache and heartache in certain situations, but is it really worth it? Find out the pros an…Hosting Hell: 10 Things That Will Go Wrong - And How to Prevent Them » If you want to avoid entering the hosting hell dimension, here are 10 potential entertaining glitches, and how to avoid them.Six Sanity-Saving Tips for Carpooling »Great apps and resources that can help make you the master of headache-free pickups and dropoffs.Map ViewSponsoredSears Appliance Repair(3)3845 State St, Santa Barbara, CA 93105(805) 591-8076Get quality repairs from America's Service provider.WebsiteSchedule your repairDirectionsVideoMore InfoPro Appliance Installers4356 Village Dr, Chino Hills, CA 91709(909) 993-4278Professional Appliance InstallationWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoSears Appliance Repair - Major Appliances(1285)Find a Location(800) 349-5075Wherever you bought it, we'll repair it.WebsiteCouponsSchedule your repairVideoMore InfoFerguson Bath, Kitchen & Lighting GalleryFind a LocationNobody expects more from us than we doWebsiteFind a LocationVideoMore InfoDidn't find what you were looking for?magnifying glassHelpful Reviews California HobbiesThomas L. ratedI love RC' s Californa hobby is one heck of a friendly environment.Thomas LlanesI've come in their with my five year old girl, also named Tommie and she gets a kick at how young daddy acks when he enters the store. I tell her this is daddy toy store, then she ask do they hand out stickers and candy.Thomas Llanes.California Hobbiespauline.chalfant.3 ratedThis store is stocked to the c...This store is stocked to the ceiling with parts!  They've got r/c buggies, trucks, planes and heli's.  There's also a large selection of plastic models, trains, slot cars, rockets and more!  Great customer service!  I'll be back for sure!!Did You Know?Insurance BasicsTo mitigate the risk of loss, people purchase insurance policies from a company. When buying a policy, the person agrees to pay a premium, which is small, regular payment based on the losses that may occur. If the insurance provider determines there is a greater chance of risk as compared to the average policy, the premium is usually higher. Premiums are often paid monthly, and can add up over time up to be greater than the expense of replacing the insured item.Many types of insurance only cover a certain amount of risk on an item. The amount the policyholder must pay before an insurance policy begins covering an expense is called the deductible. In the event of damage or loss to whatever the policy covers, the policyholder is responsible for the deductible no matter what. If the cost of damage or loss is less than the deductible amount, the insurance company does not pay anything. If the cost is greater than the deductible, the policyholder only pays the deductible, while the insurance pays the rest. Generally, the deductible amount is related to your premium, with a higher deductible usually requiring a lower premium, and vice-versa.Insurance Agents
Selecting the right insurance involves careful research and evaluating many different options for coverage. This is why many people use an insurance agent to assist with making the right choice depending on their needs and financial situation. Agents often interview potential or current clients to get an idea of which insurance policies would benefit them the most. Based on their needs and individual risk, agents can often give potential customers a quote, which serves as a cost estimate for a specific policy. This is only a rough idea of what the policy will cost, because evaluating the risk associated with a given customer can take time. Insurance companies often compile an insurance score to quantify the risk an individual poses and calculate premiums accordingly. Credit scores play a major role in insurance scores, but past insurance-claim history is also taken into account.While agents often specialize in a particular category of insurance, some sell several different types of insurance. Agents can work for a larger insurance company or operate independently, selling policies from several different insurers.Insurance ProductsAlmost anything of value can be insured to protect against loss due to a variety of circumstances. Insurance policies are very specific in the items they protect and in what event the policy holders will be reimbursed. Some of the most common insurance policies cover things we all use.Automotive Insurance
Millions of Americans drive a car to get from place to place each day, so it makes sense that auto insurance is one of the most commonly used types. In most states, the law requires drivers to maintain an active insurance policy on any car, up to a certain amount. Most car owners are required at minimum to purchase liability insurance, which protects against damage for which the policyholder is at fault. Liability insurance covers damage to property as well as any injuries sustained in an accident. It's important to note liability insurance only covers damage or injuries of others, not the policyholder themselves. In addition to liability insurance, car owners can also purchase coverage for their own vehicle and medical expenses in the event of an accident. For this purpose, liability, vehicle and medical coverage are often packaged together in a single policy.Insurance can also be purchased for other vehicles, like motorcycles, ATVs, boats or RVs, and generally functions similarly to car insurance. Policies for alternative vehicles may have higher premiums if they are considered more dangerous, or might include other coverage options specific to the vehicle. Many companies that provide auto insurance will also offer coverage for motorcycles, ATVs, boats and RVs.Homeowners Insurance
Your home, condo or apartment is probably the most valuable thing you own or otherwise pay for, so it makes sense to get it insured. Homeowners insurance is important not just for the security of the house itself, but for its ability to cover possessions inside the home as well. Many mortgage lenders also require an active home insurance policy.Like auto insurance, homeowners insurance is typically bundled together with policies covering many different items or categories of items. The primary coverage type is for the dwelling, insuring the house itself and all structures attached to it. Policies may also cover property within the home, with premiums varying depending on the value of all assets. Personal liability may also be included for damage or injuries sustained on your property that you are responsible for, much like auto insurance.Property insurance also may cover certain major events outside of your control. These are known as perils, and may include fire, flooding, natural disasters and other catastrophic events. You may want to purchase insurance against one or more of these perils if you live in a high-risk area. Flood insurance is an exception, however, and can be purchased through the government-sponsored National Flood Insurance Program. Your lender may require this if you live in a flood-prone area.Health Insurance
To help pay for medical expenses, many people rely on their health insurance. With the passing of the Affordable Care Act, almost every American is required to enroll in a health care plan, or they face a penalty. Health insurance works similarly to other forms of insurance, although it is probably used to cover expenses more often, since car accidents and home damage are relatively rare compared to doctor visits and the need for medicine. Health insurance also operates on a premium-deductible model, and policyholders can choose what level of coverage works best for their lifestyle. For example, if you visit doctors very infrequently, you may consider a plan with a low premium and a higher deductible. On the other hand, people who require regular medical care may wish to pay a higher premium in exchange for more coverage from their deductible. Dental and vision care are sold as separate plans and are not required by law.Life Insurance
When someone dies unexpectedly or is injured severely enough to be unable to work, it can be a financial disaster for their family or loved ones. Many people choose to purchase a life insurance policy to support their family in the event their regular income is suddenly lost. Life insurance comes in two basic types: term and universal. With a term life insurance plan, you pay a premium for a predetermined amount of time, usually 10 years or more. If you die at any point in that timeframe, your family receives a death benefit. If you're still around when the term is over, the coverage is canceled and you receive nothing. Universal life covers your entire life, and usually delivers a minimum benefit at death.Travel insurance
Travel insurance is available for individuals who want to protect against unexpected setbacks in the course of travel, whether it's losing luggage or medical treatment abroad. Travel insurance may prove particularly useful for people who travel a lot for work or often visit remote locations. Travel insurance can take the form of either specific or blanket coverage. Specific coverage is useful for covering only certain risks, like medical emergencies or unexpected trip cancelation. Blanket coverage may cover some or all of your expenses for your entire trip.Pet insurance
Pet insurance is a relatively new product that may help cover the costs of medical care for a dog, cat or other domestic animal. Medical care for animals can be very costly, particularly because insurance for them is rare. By paying into a premium, you can help offset the cost of unexpected emergencies as well as routine checkups and medication. While virtually unheard of a few years ago, pet insurance has become more popular as the cost of veterinarian care has continued to rise.Umbrella insurance
Umbrella insurance is extra coverage from liability for other insurance policies, usually home or auto insurance. Consumers may choose to purchase an umbrella policy if their home or car is more expensive than a typical policy would be able to cover. For example, most car insurance liability policies cover at least $25,000 per person or $50,000 per accident. But if the accident involves a very valuable car, or the victim is willing to pursue legal action, insurance may not even begin to cover the full cost. You may want to hedge your risk by purchasing umbrella insurance to add extra protection to your existing policy.Insurance Claims BasicsTo receive a payout for an insurance policy, the policyholder must file a claim with the insurance company. The basics of the process are straightforward, but can vary depending on the type of insurance.Claims Adjusters and Examiners
A claims adjuster or claims examiner is an employee of an insurance company, and the person responsible for evaluating claims and determining if the company will reimburse the policyholder at the amount provided. An adjuster inspects claims related to property damage, as in the case of auto or home insurance policies. Claims examiners are typically involved in health and life insurance, and review medical records to determine the proper payout for major medical procedures.How To Make a Claim
Filing an insurance claim can be stressful and confusing, but you need to begin the process as soon as possible to make certain you can recover your losses. It's important to note that in the case of emergencies, you should always call 911 first. The safety and health of yourself and others takes precedent over insurance.Auto Insurance Claim: If you're involved in an accident, you need to call the police right away and have them document the situation. You can file a claim upon obtaining the police report. It's also a good idea, if possible, to take your own notes at the scene. The most important things to record are what happened before the accident, the date and time, traffic signs in the area and road conditions. Also be sure to get the other driver's name, address, license plate number and insurance information. Even photos taken with a cell phone camera can help the claims process. Once you have this documentation, call your insurance company right away.
Homeowners Insurance Claim: In the case of damage, take pictures of the affected area as soon as any safety or health emergencies are resolved. Take note of what happened and all the relevant circumstances and report to your insurer as soon as possible. If any of your possessions were damaged, use an inventory of your important assets and make note of this in the claim. Once an adjuster has made their own report, review it for accuracy.
Life Insurance Claim: Send your insurer a claim form for each beneficiary in the plan, as well as a certified copy of the policyholder's death certificate. With the proper information, life insurance claims are generally straightforward. Problems may arise if the policyholder has died within two years of opening the policy. In this case, an attorney may be needed to settle the claim.Finding Discounts on InsuranceInsurance is a wise investment, but it can make a dent in your monthly budget. Thankfully, there are a variety of ways to trim the fat off your premiums and make certain you are paying only as much as you need.Shop and Compare
Perhaps the best way to save on any insurance policy is to take the time to compare prices between as many companies and plans as possible. Even after you've chosen a plan and started paying into it, consider looking around again when it comes time to renew the policy. Consider using an independent agent when searching for a new insurance policy. While traditional agents can still find a good deal, independent agents can choose from a variety of providers and tailor your coverage to your specific needs. The Internet has also made comparison shopping easier than ever before. Potential customers can often get free quotes online very quickly.Buy Only What You Need
Insurance agents will often try to "upsell" on various extra products that may be useful for certain people, but are generally excessive for the average consumer. Stick with basic plans that cover as much as you need without any additional costs. For example, if the annual cost of your auto insurance is 10 percent or more of the total value of your car, drop all but the most essential coverage. This is especially applicable if the car you drive is older and could be replaced with savings. Otherwise, you are paying for insurance that will never actually benefit you in the event of a serious crash. It can help to create a budget and know exactly how much income you have to work with before making a decision on a new policy.Take Advantage of Discounts
Insurance providers offer a wide variety of discounts for all kinds of special customers or circumstances. In one of the most basic discounts, many companies will offer lower rates for customers who purchase home, auto and life insurance policies from the same provider. Car owners may get a rebate from taking a safe driving course. For those with teenagers on their plan, good grades can earn a small discount as well. Insuring multiple cars with the same provider may also lower premiums. Some providers will offer lower rates for military personnel, federal employees, teachers, first responders and their families. 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback



Barbara Calley - Beauty & Personal Care - Direct Sales














 

















 


 














 













 


Contact Us
                                    


Member Login
                                    


Get Listed Today 

















Home
                                    


Search by Location
                                    


Community Events
                                    


Sassy Blog
                                    
 
Member Articles
                                    


Member Events
                                    




Join Today
                                    
 
Directory Plans Explained
                                    


Terms and Conditions
                                    


Directory Training Videos
                                    







 



Home United States  Benson  Beauty & Personal Care  Barbara Calley 










Barbara Calley
 



                Beauty & Personal Care                            Independent Consultant at
                        Perfectly Posh  Benson Arizona 85602            








                    Send Message
                












 


MAKE A CONNECTION Barbara Calley is currently available to chat: Send Message »



Overview  Specialty (1)  


 


        Get Directions 


        View Larger Map 
    

Contact Information



			Company
		


				Perfectly Posh			




			 Logo
		






				Position
			

				Independent Consultant			



				Website
			


					https://calleyposhibilities.po.sh				




				Online Social Profiles
			








				Location
			

Benson, AZ 85602United States			


Company Details
More About Barbara CalleyHere at Posh, we believe that everyone should have access to affordable and high quality products, which is why every single product that we offer is under $25! We also don't use any harsh chemicals, fillers, parabens, sulfates, etc in our products, because we want you to feel confident that you are putting good things on your skin! On top of that, every one of our products is made in the USA and we promise, to never ever test our products on animals!
 
 

Barbara Calley Specialty



Perfectly Posh



Request Information »


 








 
 
 
Send a MessageNameemailPhone Number



 Location:












Message

Answer Security Question 




Barbara Calley






Share This Page





Tweet
















Related Searches

All Beauty & Personal Care

Perfectly Posh in BensonPerfectly Posh in  Arizona






          View On Larger Map »
    

      Benson Arizona 85602    






×
Map View





Close








Prev
Today
Next


Year
Month







 












 






Join Our Newsletter - Today


             










About
                                
 
Finding Direct Sales Consultant is easy by searching our trusted network of top-rated Direct Sales Consultant.
                                




Website
                                
 
How It Works
                                    


List Your Business                                    




Search
                                
 
Browse Categories
                                    


Browse Locations
                                    




Support
                                
 
Password Retrieval
                                    


Contact Us
                                    




 
                                























Direct Sales Consultant - Join Our Website Today »
                                    




Sassy Direct © 2017. All Rights Reserved.
            Terms of Use | Privacy Policy







×





Member LoginEmail AddressPassword Forgot your password? Click Here

Not a Registered User?Create a Free User Account »


Are You a Direct Sales Consultant?List Your Business Now »

 

 
























 

 















Benson Barbara in Sedona, Arizona with Reviews - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeSedona, AZBenson BarbaraSedona, AZ Benson BarbaraAbout Search ResultsAbout Search ResultsYP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. “Preferred” listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions. YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.Sort:DefaultDefaultDistanceRatingName (A - Z)Sponsored LinksAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection1. Pernice Barbara Mswlcsw Msw2703 S Main StCottonwood, AZ 86326(928) 649-1807Marriage, Family, Child &...Businesses in related categories to Counseling ServicesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED2. Bradford Health ServicesServing the Sedona Area.(800) 979-3658Counseling ServicesPsychologistsWebsiteVideoMore InfoFrom Business: Bradford Health Services has been treating alcoholism and drug addiction for more than 30 years. Bradford's addiction treatment services are specifically designed…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED3. A Center For Addiction Recovery(2)Serving the Sedona Area.(888) 261-6071Counseling ServicesWebsiteMore InfoWe took our 18-year-old son here to get counseling, our insurance provides 100% coverage for counseling and mental health.  We verified that they ac…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED4. Harbor Village Detox & Treatment Center(27)Serving the Sedona Area.(888) 266-8359Drug Abuse & Addiction CentersWebsiteMore InfoWhen it comes to a drug rehab, there could not be a more suitable facility than the Harbor Village, Florida that is equipped and staffed to take car…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED5. The Discovery HouseServing the Sedona Area.(800) 608-6210Counseling ServicesMore InfoFrom Business: The Discovery House is a Joint Commission-accredited and state licensed high-quality drug and alcohol treatment center located in Southern California. We are the …Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED6. Recovery Unplugged Treatment Center(3)BBB Rating: A+Serving the Sedona Area.(888) 848-5177Drug Abuse & Addiction CentersWebsiteMore InfoI was pretty jacked up on drugs and I hated my life.  Things are all good now.  I'm alive today.  That should tell you it works!!!Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED7. New Hope Addiction Treatment(2)Serving the Sedona Area.(888) 849-3154Counseling ServicesWebsiteMore InfoThank you so much! You were a lot of help and did a very great job. The staff was very kind to us during this timeAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection8. Dr. Viviane Carson's Natural Healing CenterServing the Sedona Area.(888) 290-3363Counseling ServicesPsychologistsWebsiteMore InfoFrom Business: Dr. Carson's approach is professional, uniquely creative and very effective. It probably sounds too good to be true, but she has a 100% success rate with those pa…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection9. Southwest Counseling Assoc2659 W Guadalupe Rd Ste C220Mesa, AZ 85202(602) 899-1653Counseling ServicesDirectionsMore InfoFrom Business: At Southwest Counseling we provide confidential Coaching Services for mental, emotional health and well-being, and more for adults, families, individual, and grou…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection10. Counselors Associated, Inc./The Life Coach Dr.3030 N 3rd St Ste 200Phoenix, AZ 85012(877) 620-4725Counseling ServicesWebsiteDirectionsFrom Business: As The Life Coach Dr., Marlene Shiple, Ph.D. provides life and relationship coaching to patients in the Phoenix, Arizona area. Dr. Shiple has been helping people …Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection11. John B Hall, LCSW MS2659 W Guadalupe Rd Ste C220Mesa, AZ 85202(480) 447-0721Counseling ServicesDirectionsMore InfoFrom Business: The practice of John B. Hall, LCSW, MS is a counseling service utilizing an integrated treatment of mind/body/systemic interactions to enhance healthcare, especia…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection12. R. Robert Easton M.A., LPC450 Jordan RdSedona, AZ 86336(928) 853-8269Marriage, Family, Child &...Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection13. Easton, R Robert6560 State Route 179Sedona, AZ 86351(928) 853-8269Marriage, Family, Child &...Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection14. Choices Integrative Health Cr2935 Southwest DrSedona, AZ 86336(928) 203-4844Medical ClinicsPsychologistsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection15. Positive Perception Inc.2470 Mule Deer RdSedona, AZ 86336(928) 301-2043Counseling ServicesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection16. Dr. Daniel Harner, PHD, LPC1785 W State Route 89aSedona, AZ 86336(928) 239-4210Counseling ServicesWebsiteFrom Business: I have no script. My specialty is connecting with people. In a confidential space, we both create a vision of your life that you are excited about. People work wi…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection17. Manley, Derrill2940 Southwest DrSedona, AZ 86336(928) 282-3166Marriage, Family, Child &...Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection18. Sedona Counseling Group750 Color Cove RdSedona, AZ 86336(928) 282-1603Counseling ServicesWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection19. Nanette D Burton Mental HealthSedona, AZ 86341(928) 284-0774Mental Health ServicesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection20. Easton R Robert450 Jordan RdSedona, AZ 86336(928) 853-8269Counseling ServicesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection21. Gill, Stephen C70 N Payne Pl Ste 6Sedona, AZ 86336(928) 282-5982PsychologistsCounseling ServicesWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection22. Possibilities Counseling Cente110 Oak Creek Blvd Suite CSedona, AZ 86336(928) 863-8431Counseling ServicesWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection23. Lov N Lit341 State Route 179 Unit 4cSedona, AZ 86336(480) 652-2725Counseling ServicesMake an AppointmentAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection24. Valley Counseling & Psych Service/Cathy L. Bisset Psyd6050 State Route 179Sedona, AZ 86351(928) 274-0294Marriage, Family, Child &...Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection25. Connolly Suzanne70 N Payne PlSedona, AZ 86336(928) 282-2627Marriage, Family, Child &...WebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection26. Harmonia Mundi2880 Southwest DrSedona, AZ 86336(928) 274-4801Counseling ServicesWebsiteFrom Business: Karen VON MERVELDT Guevara is a western trained german MD WHO works AS a traditional healer (SPIRITISTA CURANDERA) with a gift to interface with the different bod…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection27. Nanette D. Burton-Mongelluzzo Ph.D. LPCPo Box 20712Sedona, AZ 86341(928) 284-0774Marriage, Family, Child &...Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection28. Baker, Lakota, PHD Face To Sun Counseling461 Forest RdSedona, AZ 86336(928) 300-4058Marriage, Family, Child &...WebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection29. Doreen Ellis. LMFT1485 W Highway 89A Suite 4Sedona, AZ 86336(928) 301-1821Counseling ServicesWebsiteFrom Business: Specializing in adolescent and family and couples counseling, with over 20 years experience. Substance abuse, recovery and addiction specialist. Treatment for anx…Sponsored LinksMap ViewSponsoredNew Hope Addiction Treatment(2)Serving the Sedona area.(888) 849-3154WebsiteMore InfoA Center For Addiction RecoveryServing the Sedona area.(888) 261-6071Get Addiction Help Now!!WebsiteMore InfoDr. Viviane Carson's Natural Healing CenterServing the Sedona area.(888) 290-3363100% Success Rate for 20 YearsWebsiteMore InfoBradford Health ServicesServing the Sedona area.(800) 979-3658WebsiteVideoMore InfoThe Discovery HouseServing the Sedona area.(800) 608-6210More InfoDidn't find what you were looking for?magnifying glass 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback
 








Barbara Benson | Create2Thrive, Inc.




















































 
   








↓ 
 

JAVASCRIPT IS DISABLED. Please enable JavaScript on your browser to best view this site.




		Create2Thrive, Inc.
a knit & design toolbox




Shop

All Products
kCDesigns
Logo Gear
Classes
The Apps


My Account
Wish List
Login
About

Ravelry Link Info
Designer Information
Newsletter
Our Company
Contact Us
Media and Press
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy


0 items



 




 



Link your Ravelry purchases! Login and link to Ravelry.  How it works




 


Barbara Benson
My work focuses on creating detailed and beautiful accessory patterns. I love a small project because it means I can conceivably get it done within a month or two, instant gratification on a knitting timeline. Also, I despise weaving in ends. If I can get away with only one or two skeins of yarn then I have fewer ends to weave in.
I tend to explore slightly unorthodox elements in knitting; be it shaping, color combinations or unusual themes. I try to keep things fun but also make sure that the fun doesn’t get in the way of the knitter ending up with a finished object that they love.
If you like my designs and would like to chat with like-minded individuals (or me) (or if you are just feeling chatty) please feel free to drop by the Barbara Benson Designs group. I’ve also got a blog and website, tumpedduck.com



	Showing all 12 results
12 products per page24 products per page48 products per page96 products per page

Random
Popularity
Newest
Pattern Name: A to Z
Pattern Name: Z to A




Ready Player One
$10.00(PDF + kCDesign)
Add to cart



 



Added to Wishlist!

 




 






Burly Cable Cowl
$9.00(PDF + kCDesign)
Add to cart



 



Added to Wishlist!

 




 






Earthbound Misfit
$10.00(PDF + kCDesign)
Add to cart



 



Added to Wishlist!

 




 






La Dame Blanche
$10.00(PDF + kCDesign)
Add to cart



 



Added to Wishlist!

 




 






Atreides
$10.00(PDF + kCDesign)
Add to cart



 



Added to Wishlist!

 




 






Corundum Ridge
$9.00(PDF + kCDesign)
Add to cart



 



Added to Wishlist!

 




 






Luidia
$9.00(PDF + kCDesign)
Add to cart



 



Added to Wishlist!

 




 






The Peephole Stole
$10.00(PDF + kCDesign)
Add to cart



 



Added to Wishlist!

 




 






Each to Each
$10.00(PDF + kCDesign)
Add to cart



 



Added to Wishlist!

 




 






BitterBlue
$10.00(PDF + kCDesign)
Add to cart



 



Added to Wishlist!

 




 






Caladan
$10.00(PDF + kCDesign)
Add to cart



 



Added to Wishlist!

 




 






Golden Lion Throne
$10.00(PDF + kCDesign)
Add to cart



 



Added to Wishlist!

 




 






12 products per page24 products per page48 products per page96 products per page



bAbout kCDesigns
Tap for Video
No Setup, Just Knit!
Includes one-tap markers, keys, shaping, etc.
Options for sizes and motifs.
No in-app purchase required.





















Search For 
Any DesignerBarbara BensonAny PublisherTumped DuckAny AccessoryCowlHatHeadNeck / ShouldersShawlAny Yarn WeightBulkyDKFingeringLight FingeringSportAny Yardage150-300 yards300-450 yards450-600 yards600-750 yards750-900 yards900-1200 yardsAny ColorworkMosaicOtherAny FabricCablesLaceSlipped StitchesAny TextureBeadsAny ConstructionBottom/Toe UpFlatIn the RoundOne Piece/Limited SeamingSidewaysTop/Cuff DownAny AgeAdultTeenAny GenderFemaleMaleUnisexAny PackagingIndividual Pattern 



↑















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













SpyFly


































































Spy Fly
















facebook
twitter
google_plus




Member Login



 




Find Out Everything
Quick and easy public record checks









First Name



Last Name



Select a State

- Select State -
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming 














Phone and Email Records
SpyFly strives to provide accurate and up-to-date phone and email records  that you can rely on. 
View Records


Address History
SpyFly's address history lists current and past locations featuring an interactive map.
View Records


Career, Lifestyle, and More
With SpyFly you can access career and lifestyle info, relatives, associates, and much more.
View Records






DISCLAIMER: SpyFly provides affordable, immediate access to public record information. It is PROHIBITED by law to use our service or the information contained on our website to make decisions about employment, insurance, consumer credit, tenant screening, or for any other purpose subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq. SpyFly does not provide private investigator services, consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act. Please be EXTREMELY careful when reviewing a person’s criminal history. Please DO NOT use this information without further investigating the accuracy of the information. The information available on our website may not be complete, accurate, or current. For more information, please review SpyFly Terms of Use.
 










WARNING!
The website you are about to access contains public records that may include phone numbers, email addresses, contact information, address history, careeer info, relatives, associates, and criminal records (DUI/DWI, felonies, misdemeanors, theft, sex crimes, etc.). 
					
					By clicking "Continue" you agree to not use our service or our information to make decisions about  employment, insurance, consumer credit, tenant screening, or for any other purpose subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq. SpyFly is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
					

Continue

open lightbox
open lightbox



Creating private search...


1. Your Search is private 
2. We never notify the person you are searching 
3. We don't share search history with third-parties 

Establishing a private connection




Connecting to secure GEO database...




.


Optimizing Network Connection



Accessing Secure Connection...



Connecting to Federal, State, and County databases...



Establishing Privacy Protocol. Your search will be anonymous...








One Moment...



Ready to Search all available databases

Continue







Searching for   of ...
Please wait while we retrieve city, county, and state records.









Initiating Nationwide Search...
Searching through millions of public records 



Screening State and County Archives...
Identifying possible subjects that match search criteria...



Downloading matches from Database... 
Isolating possible subject matches




facebook

Person A, Somewhere
Testimonial One...



facebook

Person B, Somewhere
Testimonial Two...



facebook

Person C, Somewhere
Testimonial Three...




SEARCH COMPLETE!


Please enter your email address below to immediately view results











Privacy Policy | 
			Terms of Use




SEARCH COMPLETE!







 





Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Search for 
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip























Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip




















Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          
















Amazon.com: Save up to 90% on Rental, New and Used Textbooks












 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Books



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Books Advanced Search New Releases NEW! Amazon Charts Best Sellers & More The New York Times® Best Sellers Children's Books Textbooks Textbook Rentals Sell Us Your Books Best Books of the Month Kindle eBooks

































































































Textbooks: Rent. Buy. Sell.



    
Save up to 90% on your textbooks and shop through: Rental, Trade-in, and eTextbooks






























						Textbook Rentals
					











						Sell us your books
					











						e-Textbooks
					











						Prime Student
					




























							Save up to 90% on textbooks
						


						
							
								Learn more
							
							
						
					







							Trade in your books for an Amazon Gift Card
						


						
							
								Learn more
							
							
						
					







							Get Free Shipping with Prime Student
						


						
							
								Learn more
							
							
						
					







							eTextbooks: Why Weight?
						


						
							
								Shop now
							
							
						
					




























 




The Amazon.com Textbooks Store




	
Are you tired of paying a small fortune for your textbooks every year? Wouldn’t you rather buy cheap college textbooks and have more money to buy that great pair of skinny jeans, eat out more often instead of heating up a frozen pizza, or just have a little more spending money? When you come to Amazon.com, you can save money by buying cheap new and used textbooks and by renting textbooks for college. You can also trade your used textbooks for an Amazon Gift Card, whether you bought your books from us or not. By being a smart shopper and saving money on textbooks at Amazon.com, you’ll have more cash for the things in life that can’t be learned from a textbook.

The Amazon Textbooks Store allows you to shop online and buy all your textbooks without ever leaving the comfort of your couch. We offer a variety of new, used, rental, and eTextbooks. Don’t worry about selection, we’ve got your textbook needs covered for any subject from biology, chemistry, and nursing to accounting, arts, and engineering. Once you’re finished with your textbooks you can trade them in at Amazon.com and get up to 80% of their value in an Amazon Gift Card.   

Shop the Amazon Textbooks Store and save up to 90% on textbook rentals, up to 90% on used textbooks, and up to 50% on new textbooks. You can also enjoy Free Two-Day Shipping on millions of items, including cheap college textbooks, when you join Prime Student. Get your textbooks delivered to your door and save both time and money by shopping at Amazon.com. So go ahead and treat yourself to that designer purse or new video game, you can since you’ve saved so much on your textbooks.

Students may be eligible for a tax exemption on textbooks in some states. Learn More.


						
		







TextbooksTextbook ProgramsTextbook RentalsSell Us Your BookseTextbooksPrime StudentTextbook RentalsManage Your RentalsYour Rental CartTerms & ConditionsKindle eTextbook RentalsFeatured CategoriesAcademic CoursewareArts & PhotographyBusiness & MoneyComputers & TechnologyReferenceEducation & TeachingK-12 Teaching ResourcesMedicalEngineering & TransportationScience & MathTest Prep & Study GuidesOff to College EssentialsProfessional StoresDigital Design BookstoreMoney & Marketstech.book(store) 

Show results for
                                BooksNew, Used & Rental TextbooksBusiness & FinanceCommunication & JournalismComputer ScienceEducationEngineeringHumanitiesLawMedicine & Health SciencesReferenceScience & MathematicsSocial SciencesTest Prep & Study Guides


 




















        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.













There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates

















Amazon.com: Prime Student












 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















All



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 





















































































 Success!
You have joined Prime Student.


 






Prime Student
Not a member? Join now.



























							Join Prime Student
						


						
							
								Learn more
							
							
						
					







							College Deals
						


						
							
								Shop now
							
							
						
					







							Save up to 90% on Textbooks
						


						
							
								Learn more
							
							
						
					







							Laptops from HP
						


						
							
								Shop now
							
							
						
					







							Drinkable nutrition from Soylent
						


						
							
								Shop now
							
							
						
					




















































Prime Student six-month trial benefits



































































						Prime Video
					











						Exclusive Deals
					











						Prime Delivery Options
					











						Prime Photos
					











						Twitch Prime
					











						Prime Early Access
					



















Follow us for sweeps, exclusive discounts, giveaways, and more!



















































































































Amazon Prime Student
Amazon Prime Student is a Prime membership program created for college students. As a Prime Student member, you receive a six-month trial that includes Free Two-Day Shipping on over 50 million items, unlimited streaming of Prime movies and TV shows, unlimited photo storage with Prime Photos, 20% off pre-order and new release video games, exclusive deals and savings, and more! After your six-month trial ends, your Prime Student membership makes you eligible to receive 50% off Amazon Prime, and includes access to all Prime benefits. Join Prime Student today!














Expand allCollapse all



                
            

            Prime Student 




Join now


About Prime Student


Help






                
            

            Follow Us 




Facebook


Instagram


Snapchat


Twitter






                
            

            College Essentials 




Textbooks


eTextbooks


Textbook Trade-In


College Deals


Software for Students






                
            

            Entertainment 




Prime Video


Prime Music


Student Favorites Playlist


Prime Photos


Movies & TV


Video Games


Kindle


Magazines






                
            

            Electronics 




Televisions & Video


Printers


Wearable Technology


MP3 Players


Cameras


Cell Phones & Accessories


Musical Instruments






                
            

            Home & Lifestyle 




Grocery


Beauty


Health & Personal Care


Small Appliances


Sports & Fitness






                
            

            Clothing, Shoes & Accessories 




Womens


Mens


NCAA Fan Shop


Backpacks


Luggage




















Share This:


















 




 


























        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.













There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates

















Amazon.com: eTextbooks | Rent, Buy or Try eTextbooks for Free












 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Kindle Textbooks



Kindle Textbooks
All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Buy a Kindle Kindle eBooks Kindle Unlimited Prime Reading Advanced Search Best Sellers & More  Kindle Book Deals Free Reading Apps Kindle Singles Newsstand Accessories Content and devices Kindle Support













































































eTextbooks

Get it now, carry less, and study anywhere. Rent, Buy, or try eTextbooks and save up to 80%. Access your eTextbooks on PC, Mac, iPhone, Android, iPad, and Fire tablet using the Kindle Reading app.


  























						Your eTextbook Rentals
					











						Free Kindle Reading App
					











						Amazon Whispercast
					











						Print Textbooks
					











						Prime Student
					






























            Shop by category
        




        
            





.












Science & Mathematics






        
            





.












Medicine & Health Sciences






        
            





.












Computer Science






        
            





.












Engineering






        
            





.












Social Sciences






        
            





.












Business & Finance










        
            





.












Education






        
            





.












Humanities






        
            





.












Law






        
            





.












Test Prep & Study Guides






        
            





.












Communication & Journalism






        
            





.












Reference


















Best sellers




Previous page






How the Scots Invented the Modern...


Arthur Herman



312





List price: 
$17.00


Kindle price: 
$1.99










The World Until Yesterday: What Can...


Jared Diamond



354





List price: 
$20.00


Kindle price: 
$14.99










The Best Land Under Heaven: The...


Michael Wallis



26





List price: 
$27.95


Kindle price: 
$9.18










Remember Everything You Read: The...


Stanley D. Frank



100





Kindle price: 
$5.99










How Chance and Stupidity Have Changed...


Erik Durschmied



68





List price: 
$16.99


Kindle price: 
$9.99










Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the...


Matthew Desmond



673





List price: 
$17.00


Kindle price: 
$12.99










The Zookeeper's Wife: A War Story


Diane Ackerman



1,450





List price: 
$15.95


Kindle price: 
$8.61










Mindset: The New Psychology of Success


Carol S. Dweck



2,135





List price: 
$17.00


Kindle price: 
$13.99










Hands-On Machine Learning with...


Aurélien Géron



61





List price: 
$49.99


Kindle price: 
$24.99










The Five Dysfunctions of a Team...


Patrick M. Lencioni



1,818





List price: 
$24.95


Kindle price: 
$9.51










A Crack in Creation: Gene Editing and...













	Jennifer A. Doudna, Samuel H. Sternberg










	





43





List price: 
$28.00


Kindle price: 
$14.99










Dark Money: The Hidden History of the...


Jane Mayer



1,613





List price: 
$17.00


Kindle price: 
$12.99










The Body Keeps the Score: Brain, Mind...













	Bessel van der Kolk MD










	





1,219





List price: 
$18.00


Kindle price: 
$10.99










Anatomies: A Cultural History of the...


Hugh Aldersey-Williams



23





List price: 
$15.95


Kindle price: 
$9.64










The Intelligent Investor, Rev. Ed













	Benjamin Graham, Jason Zweig...










	





1,525





List price: 
$22.99


Kindle price: 
$13.74










The Golden Compass: His Dark Materials


Philip Pullman



1,912





List price: 
$8.99


Kindle price: 
$7.99










Influence: The Psychology of Persuasion


Robert B. Cialdini



1,883





List price: 
$18.99


Kindle price: 
$12.99










America: The Last Best Hope : From...


William J. Bennett



129





List price: 
$16.99


Kindle price: 
$1.99










The Things Our Fathers Saw-The Untold...


Matthew Rozell



296





List price: 
$16.99


Kindle price: 
$3.99










The Righteous Mind: Why Good People...


Jonathan Haidt



1,091





List price: 
$16.95


Kindle price: 
$11.99




Next page










eTextbook Studying Features
Learn about eTextbook features that help you study smarter, not harder.












We know there are things you would rather be doing than studying, so we built X-Ray for Textbooks to help you save time. With X-Ray for Textbooks, get everything you need with a single tap, including definitions, related pages in your eTextbook, and even relevant content from other sources like Wikipedia and YouTube. X-Ray for Textbooks is available on Fire tablets and the free Kindle Reading App for iPad, iPhone, Android, PC, and Mac on select eTextbooks. To access X-Ray for Textbooks, bring up the control bar within an eTextbook by tapping at the top or bottom of your screen.  You can find the X-Ray for Textbooks button at the top of the control screen.
Learn more














Just carrying around a yellow highlighter? How about pink, blue, orange, and yellow? Multi-color highlights are available on Fire tablets, iPad, iPhone, Android, PC, and Mac. Tap a word and hold–the digital highlighting tool will pop up and you can adjust the highlighted text and highlight color. You can categorize and save all your highlights in Notebook and even turn them into flashcards with the click of a button; go to Notebook and click on the Flashcards button to create flashcards from your highlights. We store all your highlights at kindle.amazon.com so you can reference them even after you return the eTextbook.














Studying for exams? Notebook for eTextbooks displays all of your notes, colored highlights, saved images and bookmarks in one place. With Notebook you can mark and filter your most important concepts to study when it's test time–you can even export them to email and Evernote on Fire tablets. It's like a digital scrapbook for your studies. Notebook is available on Fire HD tablets and the free Kindle Reading App for iPad, iPhone, Android, PC, and Mac. On iOS and Android devices, tap the top or bottom of the screen from within the eTextbook to bring up the controls to access Notebook. On PC/Mac, the Notebook icon is on the left side of the Kindle Reading app.














Just finished a chapter and need to review key terms and definitions? Flashcards allow you to quickly brush up on all the terms, concepts, and definitions in each chapter with a simple, easy to use interface. Flashcards are available on iPad, iPhone, Android, PC, and Mac from within the eTextbook. Click on the flashcards icon to make your own flashcards. Or, you can auto-generate Flashcards from your notes and highlights and X-Ray terms if your eTextbook includes X-Ray for eTextbooks.














Have a tablet and a laptop? With eTextbooks, you can read your content on all your devices with the free Kindle Reading App. eTextbooks are currently supported on Fire tablets, iPad, iPhone, Android, PC, and Mac. eTextbooks give you access to your content however you want, whenever you need it. Kindle's Whispersync technology also synchronizes the furthest page you read, your bookmarks, and annotations across your devices so you can pick up where you left off.














You can save money and space in your bag with eTextbooks. Read across your devices and save time studying the concepts you need to learn with interactive features such as Keyword Search and X-Ray for Textbooks. Quickly create and manage your notes and highlights and access them anytime in the Amazon cloud.














Carry less around campus this semester. Take your entire library with you wherever you go, without having to lug around all of your physical textbooks. You can also access all of your eTextbooks, notes, and bookmarks wherever you go, whether it's on your Fire tablet, iPad, iPhone, Android device, PC, or Mac with the free Kindle Reading App.














With the swipe of a finger, quickly and efficiently navigate through pages and chapters of eTextbooks. Swift navigation is available on Android and iOS tablets. Tap the top or bottom of your tablet screen from inside the eTextbook to access swift navigation. On iPads, you have the option of swiping through all the pages from a grid like the one shown above.








The Amazon.com eTextbooks Store




Are you tired of paying a small fortune for your textbooks every year? Well, you can save up to 80% off the print list price when you rent and up to 60% off the print list price when you buy eTextbooks. Renting eTextbooks couldn’t be easier. With flexible rental options, you only have to pay for the time you need. Choose a rental length between 30 and 360 days and extend it for as little as one day. You even have the option to purchase at any time.




Don’t worry about breaking your back either. You’ll be able to carry your entire library with you wherever you go, without having to lug around your heavy textbooks across campus. You can also access all of your eTextbooks, notes, and bookmarks wherever you go, whether it's on your Kindle, iPad, Android device, PC, or Mac with the free Kindle reading app.




Save time with digital interactive features that make paper books look prehistoric. Notebook for eTextbooks displays all of your notes, colored highlights, saved images and bookmarks in one place. It's like a digital scrapbook for your studies. With X-Ray for Textbooks, get everything you need with a single tap, including definitions, related pages in your eTextbook, and even relevant content from other sources like Wikipedia and YouTube.




The Amazon eTextbooks Store allows you to shop online and buy all your textbooks without ever leaving the comfort of your couch. Don’t worry about selection, we’ve got your textbook needs covered for any subject from biology, chemistry, and nursing to accounting, arts, and engineering. Shop for eTextbooks now to save money, carry less, read anywhere, and enjoy digital features that will help you study faster.










1-16 of 465,269 results for Kindle Store : Kindle eTextbooks



Sort by 
Featured
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Avg. Customer Review
Publication Date




















Best Sellerin Scotland HistoryHow the Scots Invented the Modern World: The True Story of How Western Europe's Poorest Nation Created Our World and Everything in ItDec 18, 2007 | Kindle eBookby Arthur Herman
$
1
99

Kindle EditionWhispersync for Voice-ready
4.5 out of 5 stars
312The World Until Yesterday: What Can We Learn from Traditional Societies?Dec 31, 2012 | Kindle eBookby Jared Diamond
$
14
99

Kindle EditionWhispersync for Voice-ready
4 out of 5 stars
354The Best Land Under Heaven: The Donner Party in the Age of Manifest DestinyJun 6, 2017 | Kindle eBookby Michael Wallis
$
9
18

Kindle EditionWhispersync for Voice-ready
4.6 out of 5 stars
24Best Sellerin Education Classroom ManagementRemember Everything You Read: The Evelyn Wood 7 Day Speed Reading and Learning ProgramJun 13, 2012 | Kindle eBookby Dr Stanley D. Frank
$
5
99

Kindle EditionAuto-delivered wirelessly
4 out of 5 stars
100How Chance and Stupidity Have Changed History: The Hinge FactorJul 19, 2016 | Kindle eBookby Erik Durschmied
$
9
99

Kindle EditionAuto-delivered wirelessly
3.7 out of 5 stars
66Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American CityMar 1, 2016 | Kindle eBookby Matthew Desmond
$
12
99

Kindle EditionWhispersync for Voice-ready
4.6 out of 5 stars
670The Zookeeper's Wife: A War Story (Movie Tie-in)  (Movie Tie-in Editions)Feb 7, 2017 | Kindle eBookby Diane Ackerman
$
8
61

Kindle EditionWhispersync for Voice-ready
3.8 out of 5 stars
1,448Mindset: The New Psychology of SuccessFeb 28, 2006 | Kindle eBookby Carol S. Dweck
$
13
99

Kindle EditionAuto-delivered wirelessly
4.5 out of 5 stars
2,131Best Sellerin Business SoftwareHands-On Machine Learning with Scikit-Learn and TensorFlow: Concepts, Tools, and Techniques to Build Intelligent SystemsMar 13, 2017 | Kindle eBookby Aurélien Géron
$
24
99

Kindle EditionAuto-delivered wirelessly
4.7 out of 5 stars
61The Five Dysfunctions of a Team, Enhanced Edition: A Leadership Fable (J-B Lencioni Series)Nov 17, 2011 | Kindle eBookby Patrick M. Lencioni
$
9
51

Kindle EditionWhispersync for Voice-ready
4.6 out of 5 stars
1,819A Crack in Creation: Gene Editing and the Unthinkable Power to Control EvolutionJun 13, 2017 | Kindle eBookby Jennifer A. Doudna and Samuel H. Sternberg
$
14
99

Kindle EditionWhispersync for Voice-ready
4.4 out of 5 stars
42Dark Money: The Hidden History of the Billionaires Behind the Rise of the Radical RightJan 19, 2016 | Kindle eBookby Jane Mayer
$
12
99

Kindle EditionWhispersync for Voice-ready
4.8 out of 5 stars
1,610Best Sellerin NeuropsychologyThe Body Keeps the Score: Brain, Mind, and Body in the Healing of TraumaSep 25, 2014 | Kindle eBookby Kolk MD, Bessel van der
$
10
99

Kindle EditionWhispersync for Voice-ready
4.8 out of 5 stars
1,218Anatomies: A Cultural History of the Human BodyMay 27, 2013 | Kindle eBookby Hugh Aldersey-Williams
$
9
64

Kindle EditionAuto-delivered wirelessly
3.9 out of 5 stars
23The Intelligent Investor, Rev. Ed (Collins Business Essentials)Mar 17, 2009 | Kindle eBookby Benjamin Graham and Jason Zweig
$
13
74

Kindle EditionWhispersync for Voice-ready
4.5 out of 5 stars
1,524The Golden Compass: His Dark MaterialsNov 13, 2001 | Kindle eBookby Philip Pullman
$
7
99

Kindle EditionWhispersync for Voice-ready
4.3 out of 5 stars
1,912Book 1 of 3 in the His Dark Materials Series

 
Previous Page
1
2
3
...
400
 
Next Page
















Search FeedbackDid you find what you were looking for?YesNo
Choose a category that best describes the issue that you are having with the search:Choose a category…I need to talk to customer service.I still haven't found what I'm looking for.How do I filter or sort my search ?Something is broken.A picture or description looks wrong.Could you add a feature ?Could you start carrying a product not listed here ?Choose a category…






Leave us some comments about your search; your comments can help make our site better for everyone.Submit

Get Express customer service or contact us by e-mail or phone.contact us

Thank you for your feedback.
If you need help or have a question for Customer Service, please visit the Help Section.

Browse eTextbookseTextbook ResourceseTextbook Rental HelpRead Everywhere with the Free Kindle AppMore to DiscoverPrint TextbooksOnline CoursesPrime StudentKindle Solutions for Education & Enterprise 

Show results forKindle UnlimitedKindle Unlimited EligiblePrime ReadingPrime Reading EligibleAudible NarrationeBooks with Audible NarrationNew ReleasesLast 30 daysLast 90 daysComing Soon
                                Kindle StoreKindle eTextbooksBusiness & FinanceCommunication & JournalismComputer ScienceEducationEngineeringHumanitiesLawMedicine & Health SciencesReferenceScience & MathematicsSocial SciencesTest Prep & Study GuidesRefine byWord WiseWord Wise EnabledAvg. Customer Review4 Stars & Up & Up3 Stars & Up & Up2 Stars & Up & Up1 Star & Up & UpEdition1st Edition2nd Edition3rd Edition4th Edition5th Edition6th Edition7th Edition8th Edition9th Edition10th EditionLater Editions


 
Tell Us What You Think 
Do you have a comment or suggestion about your experience with eTextbooks?  Let us know what you think.

 




















        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.













There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates








