

Who Killed the Gangster's Daughter?








































































New York Magazine



Skip to content, or skip to search.











New York


.




Subscribe to New York Magazine
Give a Gift Subscription of New York Magazine
iPad Edition of New York Magazine













Skip to content, or skip to search.



















Entire Site
Magazine
Blogs

Search Listings:

Restaurants
Bars & Clubs
Events
Hotels
Movies
Museums & Attractions
Spas & Beauty Services
Stores




















Feature




Who Killed the Gangster's Daughter?
Writer Susan Berman, whose devoted circle of intimates 
included real-estate scion Bobby Durst, didn't discover her roots 
as a Mafia princess until a freewheeling stint at New York in the seventies. Her father died of natural causes, but she was murdered, gangland-style, in L.A. just before Christmas -- leaving questions worthy of one of her own mysteries. 






By Lisa DePaulo



ShareThis

 

On December 19th, five days before police found her body, Susan Berman was talking on the phone with actress Kim Lankford, one of her closest friends. Some of what she said is so disturbing, in retrospect, that Lankford is tormented by the fact that she didn't ask more questions. But conversations with Susan were almost always filled with breathless drama. If she was up, you knew it. If she was down, you knew it. Either way, you knew the details. That was Susan.
That night, Lankford was packing for a cruise; for the first time in years, the two wouldn't be spending part of the holidays together. Kim felt guilty about that. But Susan assured her they'd have plenty of time to celebrate when she returned, and besides, she might have big news by then.
"I have information that's going to blow the top off things," Susan told her.
"What do you mean?" Kim asked. "What information?"
"Well, I don't have it myself," said Susan. "But I know how to get it."
"Well, be careful, for God's sake," said Kim.
Susan promised they would talk more after the holidays. It wasn't unusual for her to be "about to get information"; she was a journalist. And she was working on three big projects -- two book ideas and a television pilot. Two had to do with Las Vegas, where Susan had spent her childhood as a mobster's daughter, a subject that haunted all of her work, as well as her life. So Kim assumed it was something about that. When she hung up, Kim thought to herself, Who cares who killed Bugsy Siegel?
At another point in the conversation, Susan said she'd just talked to a psychic. This, too, wasn't unusual. Psychics were among the few things Susan had faith in. She had regular phone consultations for over fifteen years with her psychic in New York, but it seemed she had seen a new one recently in L.A. "She told me I was going to die a violent death and that there'd be a gun involved," Susan said.
Oh, Susan, Kim remembers thinking.
Less than a week later, at 1  P.M. on Christmas Eve, the Los Angeles police were called to Susan's run-down home on Benedict Canyon Road by neighbors who'd grown alarmed that one of her three wire-haired fox terriers -- so precious to her, such a nuisance to others -- was running wild and barking hysterically. Susan would never have left Lulu unattended for so long. The cops found the front door unlocked and the back door ajar, and followed the bloody pawprints of the dogs to the back bedroom. Dressed in sweats and a T-shirt, Susan was lying on the cold, hardwood floor, with a single bullet in the back of her head. She'd been dead for at least a day.
When friends made their pilgrimage to 1527 Benedict Canyon Road, numb with the news, they'd all remember the same grisly detail: Still on the guest-room floor, framed by the pawprints, was a clump of Susan's lustrous, long black hair -- her friends used to tease her that she kept the same sleek style, always with bangs -- dried in a puddle of her own blood. "You couldn't help but see it, it was all that was left," says her friend Julie Smith, a successful mystery writer. "But no one talked about it, no one wanted to go near it. It was too awful to contemplate."
It's been over two months now, and the mystery of who killed Susan Berman has only gotten creepier and more complex -- the kind of story Susan herself would have been obsessed with. When news of the killing hit the papers in early January, it shocked the literary communities on both coasts. From her impressive career at New York in the late seventies and early eighties to her subsequent years in Hollywood, Susan made a vivid impression wherever she went. Few, particularly in creative circles, could resist the mob daughter turned journalist with a repertoire of fantastic, almost unbelievable life stories. She also had a catalogue of bizarre fears and phobias, impossible for anyone close to her to ignore: She couldn't cross bridges or drive on certain streets, she couldn't eat in a restaurant without interrogating the waiters or summoning the chef (panicked that she would die from one of her countless allergies), and she couldn't go above the third floor in a building unless accompanied by "a big strong man" and assured that the windows were "hermetically sealed" (her biggest phobia was that she would hurl herself out a window).
"She had her flaws," deadpans Rich Markey, a comedy producer in L.A. who was the last friend to see her alive. "But her friends adored her. Everyone adored her -- in spite of them, not because of them."
And given what she'd been through in her 55 years, they also understood them. Susan had survived the Las Vegas mob of the fifties, and one unbearable loss after another. She had almost come through the brutal downward spiral that led her from a life of enormous (mob) wealth and success as a writer to such financial and emotional despair that she resorted to selling her mother's treasured jewelry. Through it all, she was always Susan -- complicated, tormented, irresistibly entertaining.
"The way she dealt with her past was to make it theater," says New York Times reporter Dinitia Smith, a colleague from her New York days. As the years went by, that got harder and harder. "How can I go on?" she would ask her friends. Or, her best-known half-threat: "I'm going to get into the bathtub with my hair dryer now." Those who really knew her well didn't worry (too much) that she'd ever take her own life. "Oh, no," says Kim Lankford. "That was not an option. She would never want to miss how it would all play out."
When the news hit, her history as a gangster's daughter dominated the headlines. Could she have been killed for some mob secret she was about to reveal? A dubious theory, since most of the characters from Susan's father's Las Vegas days were long dead, and when she had written about them, it was with a mix of love and fascinated adoration. "If I were a gangster," says Markey, "I'd have encouraged her to write more."
The case took a more macabre twist when Westchester County District Attorney Jeanine Pirro announced that Berman had been on her shortlist of witnesses to interview in yet another eerie case, a coast away from Susan's struggles. Nineteen years ago, Kathie Durst, the estranged wife of real-estate heir Bobby Durst -- whose family's Durst Organization owns more than $650 million worth of Manhattan real estate -- had vanished in New York without a trace. For nearly two decades -- as the pretty medical student's friends spoke out about an abusive marriage and battles over money -- investigators had their sights on the now-reclusive Bobby, who happened to have been extremely close to Susan Berman, going back to their days at UCLA in the late sixties. Susan referred to Durst, who declined New York's request for an interview, as her brother; the dedications in her books invariably began with his name. "It was always 'Bobby this, Bobby that, wonderful Bobby', " a friend recalls. Yet when Susan tried to reach him last summer to borrow money, she was irked to find he'd changed his phone number. So she wrote to him in care of the Durst Organization. The letter reached its target: In the months before her death, she had cashed two $25,000 checks from Bobby. In fact, Susan borrowed a lot of money from a lot of people over the years and always tried to pay it back. In this case, however, she was touched, one friend says, that Bobby had told her the $50,000 was a gift.





1
2
3
4
5
Next









Share this story...
Facebook
Twitter
Digg
ShareThis Counter
Email
Print




























Advertising







Most Popular Stories


Most Viewed
Most Emailed


Most Viewed
Last 24 Hours


Paul Ryan: Free Lunches Make Kids Soulless [Updated]
How Oscar Pistorius Might Avoid Prison
The Best of Twitter Interrupting Cameron’s Phone Call With Obama
After Newsweek Reveal, Man Insists He Isn’t Bitcoin’s Creator
The Plot From Solitary
Mike Lee’s Tax-Reform Plan Does, in Fact, Suck
The Hijacking of Satoshi Nakamoto
Broke Law Firm Dewey & LeBoeuf Was Also Fraudulent, Prosecutors Say
Only 39 Percent of New Yorkers Approve of This Bill de Blasio Character Now
Bro Who Never Worked at Goldman Sachs Deemed Unqualified to Write Goldman Sachs Elevator Book



Most Emailed
Last 24 Hours


The Plot From Solitary
How Not to Talk to Your Kids
Justin Davidson: How Can the Vienna Philharmonic Change Without Changing?
Why You Truly Never Leave High School
Bar-onomics
Space of the Week: A Firehouse, Revisited
How I Got Over My Al Gore-a-phobia
By Noon, These Two Will Have Brought In Another Half a Million More Dollars
Listening to Xanax
New York Wedding Guide - Makeup Artists Directory












The Current Issue







Subscribe to New York

View Contents
Order Issue
Cover Gallery
Customer Service




Subscribe







Give a Gift


















Advertising











  
 A Hamlet Where Everyone’s Onstage



HBO President Says They Made a ‘Mistake’ Announcing Confederate

Mahershala Ali Cast In True Detective Season 3, Securing Its Place As The Best True Detective Season

Jon Stewart Is Returning To Stand-up Comedy



The Unstoppable Guns N' Roses


 Movie Review: Dunkirk 


T.J. Miller Doesn’t Mind Playing the Villain










Scientists ​Pretty Sure Humans Could Eat Food Grown in Martian Soil
Another Restaurant Bites the Dust on Clinton Street
A Talented Pastry Chef Will Open a New Bakery in the Rockaways


How Top Chefs Are Reinventing Hash Browns














The Actor-Writer-Illustrator Who’s a Dinner-Theater Star







Meet the �Double Brown,’ a BLT Served Between Two Hash-Brown Patties













Hendu’s Sandwich Shop at Dutch Kills Bar Makes Stupendously Good Heros
























Joe and Mika (and Donald): A Beltway Love Story














Can Sports Sink Lower Than Mayweather-McGregor?








The Triumph of Obama’s Long Game




















A Meme History of Sean Spicer’s Tenure As Press Secretary

























Copyright ©  2017, New York Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.

New York Magazine
Contact Us
Jobs
Site Map
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Terms
Magazine Customer Service
Newsletters
 RSS Feeds
Apps
Ad choices 











 



















Women's Apparel - Mark Berman & Son
























Loading...




(262) 241 - 8010












MenWomenAbout Berman'sEventsContact Us

 




My Cart
Sign in






     item(s) $0.00  













Search:

- All categories -
Men's Apparel
Women's Apparel
Men Brands
Women Brands
Products
Collections
Womens's Apparel

Advanced search











HomeWomen's Apparel
	

Women's Apparel


Our Berman Basics collection for women includes items that will enhance her wardrobe. Blazers, jackets and accessories from quality brands such as A'nue Ligne, Bobby Jones, Kinross, Paige Premium Denim, and Zanella. To see our full line of women's product offerings, be sure to visit our store at 11920 North Port Washington Road, Mequon, Wisconsin.


















 










Women's Apparel

Accessories
Blazers
Blouses
Denim
Dresses
Knits
Outerwear
Pants
Skirts
Sweaters






Brands



Joan Vass
Kinross
St. James
Zelda














Visit Our Store
MarkBerman&Son

          11920 N. Port Washington Rd.
          Mequon, WI 53092
        

Phone:
(262) 241-8010
Fax:
(262) 241-5592





Men's Categories:

Accessories
Belts
Boxers
Dress Shirts
Formal Wear
Hosiery
Knit Shirts
Neckwear


Outerwear
Sport Shirts
Tailored Clothing
Trousers and Shorts




Men's Brands:

Andean / Peru
Ballin
Gitman
Hickey Freeman
Kinross
Peter Millar
Robert Talbott
Samuelsohn




Women’s Categories:

Accessories
Blouses
Denim
Knits
Outerwear
Sweaters




Women's Brands:

Joan Vass
Kinross
St. James
Zelda












About Berman's
Return Policy
Sales & Events
Contact Us

Follow Us








Copyright © 2017 Mark Berman & Son. All rights reserved.





























 



 Cullen/Frost Announces Executive Leadership Transition 
         










    










 






 











 









Cullen/Frost Announces Executive Leadership Transition

		  Dick Evans to Retire March 31, 2016; Phil Green to Succeed as Chairman and CEO
		

Jul 29, 2015, 09:00 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. 











 
















































 

 






















































 























 























 

 

 
 
 
 







Dick Evans    
									
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest


Phil Green    
									
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest


Cullen/Frost Bankers logo    
									
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




Dick Evans
 























 




 




Phil Green
 























 




 




Cullen/Frost Bankers logo
 


 
































 




 





 


SAN ANTONIO, July 29, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. today announced that Cullen/Frost Chairman and CEO Dick Evans will retire effective March 31, 2016. At that time, Cullen/Frost President Phillip D. Green will become chairman and CEO and will replace Evans on the Cullen/Frost board of directors.
"With the company's financial strength, unique culture and outstanding people, this is the right time for Cullen/Frost to move forward with an executive leadership team that will be bolstered by the addition of three veteran Frost leaders," said Evans, who has served at Frost for nearly 45 years, almost 18 as CEO. "Over the next eight months, Phil and I will work closely to ensure an effective, orderly and transparent transition. No one is more committed to the future of Cullen/Frost than I am. The company's future is in great hands with Phil, the executive team and more than 4,200 dedicated employees. I am proud of what they have helped us achieve and look forward to working with them in the months ahead."
"It's been an honor to learn and serve beside a remarkable leader like Dick Evans," said Phil Green. "I am grateful to Dick and the board for their confidence in me. As CEO during this company's longest era of expansion and technological improvements, as well as one of its most challenging periods, Dick has been a transformational leader. With his stewardship of this company and his commitment to move forward and bring the team along, Dick has established a legacy of achievement and growth. I value my relationship with Dick and will continue to call upon his wisdom and guidance."
Evans will serve as a strategic counselor to Phil Green and be available for customer relationships and other activities for at least five years after his retirement. 
In addition to Evans' retirement, the company announced that Emily Skillman, group executive vice president of human resources, will also retire on March 31, 2016, after 27 years of service. Skillman will continue as chief human resources officer through the date of her retirement. Annette Alonzo, who has been with Frost for 26 years, will replace Skillman as group executive vice president of Human Resources and a member of the executive team, effective today.
The company announced two other additions to Cullen/Frost's executive team, effective immediately: Gary McKnight, a 43-year employee, has been named group executive vice president, Technology and Operations, and Candace Wolfshohl, a Frost employee for 32 years, has been promoted to group executive vice president of Culture and People Development.
"Transitions at Frost have been consistent and continuous throughout our 147 years. I have been talking to the board about this succession plan for more than a year," said Evans. "The existing management team remains in place, with Paul Bracher continuing as chief banking officer and adding the title of president of Cullen/Frost when Phil becomes chairman and CEO next March.  
"Annette, Gary and Candace will be strong additions to an executive team that is already performing at a very high level," said Evans. "Paul Bracher has done an exceptional job managing region leadership and serving as chief banking officer. Jerry Salinas has been chief financial officer since January, and he has made instrumental contributions to our success. Bill Perotti's insight as chief risk officer has been invaluable to me. Pat Frost has done an outstanding job as president of the bank, president of Frost Insurance, and serving on the board of directors. 
"I am also grateful to Paul Olivier, who has been a strong leader for our award-winning consumer banking operation for many years; Richard Kardys, who has spearheaded the dynamic growth of Frost Wealth Advisors; and Bobby Berman, who has been an innovative leader in the company's research and strategy. And I want to express my deepest thanks to Emily Skillman, whose knowledge of our company and culture has ensured that we hire, retain and develop the right people to help us grow and move forward."    
Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (NYSE:   CFR) is a financial holding company, headquartered in San Antonio, with $27.8 billion in assets at June 30, 2015. Among the top 50 largest U.S. banks and one of 24 banks included in the KBW Bank Index, Frost provides a wide range of banking, investments and insurance services to businesses and individuals across Texas in the Austin, Corpus Christi, Dallas, Fort Worth, Houston, Permian Basin, Rio Grande Valley and San Antonio regions. Founded in 1868, Frost has helped clients with their financial needs during three centuries. Additional information is available at frostbank.com.
Biographical Information
Dick Evans joined Frost in 1971 and has been Cullen/Frost CEO since 1997. Under Evans' leadership, Cullen/Frost became a strong regional banking company, more than doubling asset size, while expanding into new lines of business and services that broaden and deepen customer relationships. In 2008, Frost became the first bank in the nation to turn down federal TARP bailout funds. Evans served as a member of the Federal Advisory Council to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and was a member of the board of directors of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas. Evans is a 1968 graduate of the University of Texas at Austin, with a bachelor of business administration degree. 
Phil Green has been with Frost for 35 years, serving as Cullen/Frost president since January. Green joined the company in 1980 and held a number of managerial positions in the financial division before serving as chief financial officer from 1995 to 2015. Green has also had oversight for Frost's technology, operations and capital markets areas. He has worked closely with the CEO on all matters involving the board of directors and investor relations. He serves on the board of Frost Insurance. Green graduated with honors from the University of Texas at Austin with a bachelor of business administration degree in Accounting. 
Emily Skillman joined Frost in 1988 as an assistant in commercial lending. She served as an executive assistant on the management platform before moving to human resources, where she held several leadership positions. In 2003, Skillman was named group executive vice president of human resources and a direct report to Evans. She is responsible for employment, benefits, executive compensation and staff and leadership development.
New to the executive team:
Annette Alonzo has been with Frost for 26 years, the past 10 years as corporate human resources manager, overseeing employee relations, recruitment, affirmative action and diversity programs, Frost A-Team and human resources technology. Alonzo joined Frost in 1989 as a teller, rising over the years to recruiter and employee relations supervisor, and both regional and statewide HR manager. She was named corporate HR manager in 2005 and was named a senior executive vice president in January 2015.
Gary McKnight, a 42-year Frost veteran, has been operations division manager since 2001, overseeing all information technology, loan operations, data processing and processing operations for the company. Over the years, he has held management positions in item processing, data processing and operations. He was named senior executive vice president in 2005. 
Candace Wolfshohl joined Frost in 1983, rising to become leadership development manager and director of training and development in 2006. She served as a personal banker, a training specialist in staff development, retail operations strategist and statewide call center manager. She worked as a manager of the client service application support team in IT. She was named senior executive vice president in January 2015. Wolfshohl is a graduate of Texas A&M University with a bachelor of science in Sociology.
Continuing on the executive team:
Bobby Berman has been with Frost since 1985 and serves as group executive vice president of research and strategy. He worked in several positions in the treasury division before spearheading the implementation of the bank's data warehouse strategy. He was named director of internet banking and e-commerce in 2000 and added research and strategy in 2001. He also directs the strategy for treasury management statewide. Berman is a graduate of Trinity University with a bachelor of business administration degree.
Paul Bracher has served as chief banking officer since January, with responsibility for directing the activities of region presidents and as a steward of banking operations. Since joining Frost in 1981, Bracher has worked in commercial lending, special assets and management. He also managed the Corpus Christi market and led commercial lending in San Antonio for the bank. Bracher earned a bachelor of science degree from Texas A&M University, with a major in Agricultural Economics.
Pat Frost is president of Frost Bank and a director of Cullen/Frost. He joined the company founded by his great-great grandfather in 1984, serving as a credit analyst and commercial loan officer before being named to the executive committee in 1992 and president in 1993. In addition, he is a president of the bank's insurance subsidiary, Frost Bank, and oversees the management of leasing and public finance.  Frost is a summa cum laude graduate of Vanderbilt University with a B.A. in Economics and earned an MBA from the University of Texas at Austin.
Richard Kardys is group executive vice president of Frost Wealth Advisors, which offers trust and brokerage services throughout Texas. Kardys joined Frost in 1977 as a business development officer in the trust division, rising over the years to become senior executive vice president in 1998 and group executive vice president and executive trust officer in 2001. He oversees Frost Wealth Advisors and Frost Investment Advisors and is a certified trust financial advisor and a certified wealth strategist®. Kardys received a B.A. degree from Texas A&M with a major in government and received his J.D. degree from the University of Texas School of Law.
Paul Olivier is group executive vice president of consumer banking.  He joined the company in 1976 and has worked in commercial credit, treasury management, bank card operations, personnel and retail lending. In 1987, he coordinated the consolidation of Frost's affiliate banks into a branch organization and was named group executive vice president in 2001. He has been responsible for overseeing retail bank administration, human resources, bank operations, cash management and credit. Olivier earned both a bachelor's degree and an MBA in business from Louisiana State University.
Bill Perotti is group executive vice president and chief risk officer. Since joining Frost in 1981, Perotti has served in several roles in asset review and credit before being named head of Credit Administration in 1991. He served as chief risk officer and chief credit officer and was named group executive vice president in 2001. Perotti earned a bachelor of business administration degree, cum laude, in Accounting from George Washington University.
Jerry Salinas is group executive vice president and chief financial officer and served as the company's treasurer for 18 years. Since joining Frost in 1986, Salinas has held various financial positions within Frost and Cullen/Frost. He was named bank and corporate controller in 1989 and treasurer in 1997. A San Antonio native, Salinas earned a bachelor of business administration degree in Accounting from the University of Texas at San Antonio and is a CPA. 
Greg Parker 
Investor Relations
210.220.5632
or
Renee Sabel
Media Relations
210.220.5416
 
 
 
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150729/248827 
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150729/248828 
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20030109/CFRLOGO
 
 SOURCE  Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.frostbank.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  
















Jul 29, 2015, 09:00 ET
Preview: Cullen/Frost Reports Second Quarter Results




















Jul 13, 2015, 16:02 ET
Preview: Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. Hosts Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More











Apr 27, 2017, 14:11 ET
Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. Hosts Second Quarter 2017 Earnings...














Apr 27, 2017, 14:11 ET
Cullen/Frost Bankers Increases Quarterly Common Cash Dividend By...














Apr 27, 2017, 14:11 ET
Cullen/Frost Bankers Announces Election Of Graham Weston To Board...











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Lehman Brothers - Wikipedia





















 






Lehman Brothers

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Lehman Brothers




Industry
Investment services


Fate
Chapter 11 bankruptcy liquidation


Successors



Nomura Holdings
Barclays





Founded
1850; 167 years ago (1850)
Montgomery, Alabama, U.S.[1]


Founders
Henry Lehman
Emanuel Lehman
Mayer Lehman


Defunct
2008


Headquarters
New York City, New York,
United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people




Robert Lehman
Pete Peterson
Richard Fuld





Products



Financial Services
Investment Banking
Investment management






Number of employees

26,200 (2008)


Subsidiaries
Lehman Brothers Inc., Neuberger Berman Inc., Aurora Loan Services, LLC, SIB Mortgage Corporation, Lehman Brothers Bank, FSB, Eagle Energy Partners, and the Crossroads Group


Website
Barclays Group Archives: Lehman Brothers


Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. (former NYSE ticker symbol LEH) /ˈliːmən/ was a global financial services firm. Before declaring bankruptcy in 2008, Lehman was the fourth-largest investment bank in the United States (behind Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, and Merrill Lynch), doing business in investment banking, equity and fixed-income sales and trading (especially U.S. Treasury securities), research, investment management, private equity, and private banking. Lehman was operational for 158 years from its founding in 1850 until 2008.[2]
On September 15, 2008, the firm filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection following the massive exodus of most of its clients, drastic losses in its stock, and devaluation of assets by credit rating agencies, largely sparked by Lehman's involvement in the subprime mortgage crisis, excessive risk taking and subsequent allegations of negligence and malfeasance.[3][4][5] Lehman's bankruptcy filing is the largest in US history,[6] and is thought to have played a major role in the unfolding of the late-2000s global financial crisis. On September 16, 2008, Lehman filed for bankruptcy. Global markets immediately plummeted, and systemic risk was uncorked. This market collapse also gave support to the "Too Big To Fail" doctrine.[7] The following day, Barclays announced its agreement to purchase, subject to regulatory approval, Lehman's North American investment-banking and trading divisions along with its New York headquarters building.[8][9] On September 20, 2008, a revised version of that agreement was approved by U.S. Bankruptcy Judge James M. Peck.[10] The next week, Nomura Holdings announced that it would acquire Lehman Brothers' franchise in the Asia-Pacific region, including Japan, Hong Kong and Australia,[11] as well as Lehman Brothers' investment banking and equities businesses in Europe and the Middle East. The deal became effective on October 13, 2008.[12]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Under the Lehman family (1850–1969)
1.2 An evolving partnership (1969–1984)
1.3 Merger with American Express (1984–1994)
1.4 Divestment and independence (1994–2008)
1.5 Response to September 11, 2001 attacks
1.6 June 2003 SEC litigation


2 Rise of Mortgage Origination-(1997-2006)
3 Collapse

3.1 Causes

3.1.1 Malfeasance
3.1.2 Subprime Mortgage Crisis
3.1.3 Short-selling allegations


3.2 Bankruptcy
3.3 Liquidation

3.3.1 Barclays acquisition
3.3.2 Nomura acquisition
3.3.3 Sale of asset management businesses


3.4 Financial fallout
3.5 Ongoing litigation


4 Merger and acquisition history
5 Board of directors
6 Former officers
7 In popular culture
8 Principal locations (first year of occupancy)
9 See also
10 References
11 Further reading
12 External links



History[edit]
Under the Lehman family (1850–1969)[edit]
See also: Lehman family




Emanuel and Mayer Lehman


In 1844, 23-year-old Henry Lehman,[13] the son of a Jewish cattle merchant, immigrated to the United States from Rimpar, Bavaria.[14] He settled in Montgomery, Alabama,[13] where he opened a dry-goods store, "H. Lehman".[15] In 1847, following the arrival of his brother Emanuel Lehman, the firm became "H. Lehman and Bro."[16] With the arrival of their youngest brother, Mayer Lehman, in 1850, the firm changed its name again and "Lehman Brothers" was founded.[15][17]
During the 1850s, cotton was one of the most important crops in the United States. Capitalizing on cotton's high market value, the three brothers began to routinely accept raw cotton from customers as payment for merchandise, eventually beginning a second business trading in cotton. Within a few years this business grew to become the most significant part of their operation. Following Henry's death from yellow fever in 1855,[15][18] the remaining brothers continued to focus on their commodities-trading/brokerage operations.
By 1858, the center of cotton trading had shifted from the South to New York City, where factors and commission houses were based. Lehman opened its first branch office at 119 Liberty Street,[18] and 32-year-old Emanuel relocated there to run the office.[15] In 1862, facing difficulties as a result of the Civil War, the firm teamed up with a cotton merchant named John Durr to form Lehman, Durr & Co.[19][20] Following the war the company helped finance Alabama's reconstruction. The firm's headquarters were eventually moved to New York City, where it helped found the New York Cotton Exchange in 1870;[18][21] Emanuel sat on the board of governors until 1884. The firm also dealt in the emerging market for railroad bonds and entered the financial-advisory business.




Herbert H. Lehman
Official U.S. Senate Photo


Lehman became a member of the Coffee Exchange as early as 1883 and finally the New York Stock Exchange in 1887.[18][21] In 1899, it underwrote its first public offering, the preferred and common stock of the International Steam Pump Company.[22]
Despite the offering of International Steam, the firm's real shift from being a commodities house to a house of issue did not begin until 1906. In that year, under Emanuel's son Philip Lehman, the firm partnered with Goldman, Sachs & Co.,[23][24] to bring the General Cigar Co. to market,[25] followed closely by Sears, Roebuck and Company.[25] During the following two decades, almost one hundred new issues were underwritten by Lehman, many times in conjunction with Goldman, Sachs. Among these were F.W. Woolworth Company,[25][26] May Department Stores Company, Gimbel Brothers, Inc.,[27] R.H. Macy & Company,[27] The Studebaker Corporation,[26] the B.F. Goodrich Co. and Endicott Johnson Corporation.
Following Philip Lehman's retirement in 1925, his son Robert "Bobbie" Lehman took over as head of the firm. During Bobbie's tenure, the company weathered the capital crisis of the Great Depression by focusing on venture capital while the equities market recovered.
Traditionally a family-only partnership, in 1924, John M. Hancock became the first non-family member to join the firm,[23][28] followed by Monroe C. Gutman and Paul Mazur in 1927. By 1928, the firm moved to its now famous One William Street location.




Pete Peterson


In the 1930s, Lehman underwrote the initial public offering of the first television manufacturer, DuMont, and helped fund the Radio Corporation of America (RCA).[29] It also helped finance the rapidly growing oil industry, including the companies Halliburton and Kerr-McGee. In the 1950s, Lehman underwrote the IPO of Digital Equipment Corporation. Later, it arranged the acquisition of Digital by Compaq.
An evolving partnership (1969–1984)[edit]





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Robert Lehman died in 1969 after 44 years as the patriarch of the firm, leaving no member of the Lehman family actively involved with the partnership.[30] Robert's death, coupled with a lack of a clear successor from within the Lehman family left a void in the company. At the same time, Lehman was facing strong headwinds amidst the difficult economic environment of the early 1970s. By 1972, the firm was facing hard times and in 1973, Pete Peterson, chairman and chief executive officer of the Bell & Howell Corporation, was brought in to save the firm.[30]
Under Peterson's leadership as chairman and CEO, the firm acquired Abraham & Co. in 1975, and two years later merged with the venerable, but struggling, Kuhn, Loeb & Co.,[30] to form Lehman Brothers, Kuhn, Loeb Inc., the country's fourth-largest investment bank, behind Salomon Brothers, Goldman Sachs and First Boston.[31] Peterson led the firm from significant operating losses to five consecutive years of record profits with a return on equity among the highest in the investment-banking industry.
By the early 1980s, hostilities between the firm's investment bankers and traders (who were driving most of the firm's profits) prompted Peterson to promote Lewis Glucksman, the firm's President, COO and former trader, to be his co-CEO in May 1983. Glucksman introduced a number of changes that had the effect of increasing tensions, which when coupled with Glucksman’s management style and a downturn in the markets, resulted in a power struggle that ousted Peterson and left Glucksman as the sole CEO.[32]
Upset bankers who had soured over the power struggle, left the company. Stephen A. Schwarzman, chairman of the firm's M&A committee, recalled in a February 2003 interview with Private Equity International that "Lehman Brothers had an extremely competitive internal environment, which ultimately became dysfunctional." The company suffered under the disintegration, and Glucksman was pressured into selling the firm.
Merger with American Express (1984–1994)[edit]




Shearson Lehman/American Express Logo


Main article: Shearson Lehman Hutton
Shearson/American Express, an American Express-owned securities company focused on brokerage rather than investment banking, acquired Lehman in 1984, for $360 million. On May 11, the combined firms became Shearson Lehman/American Express.[32] In 1988, Shearson Lehman/American Express and E.F. Hutton & Co. merged as Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc.[33]
From 1983 to 1990, Peter A. Cohen was CEO and chairman of Shearson Lehman Brothers,[34] where he led the one billion dollar purchase of E.F. Hutton to form Shearson Lehman Hutton.[35] During this period, Shearson Lehman was aggressive in building its leveraged finance business in the model of rival Drexel Burnham Lambert. In 1989, Shearson backed F. Ross Johnson's management team in its attempted management buyout of RJR Nabisco but were ultimately outbid by private equity firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, who was backed by Drexel.
Divestment and independence (1994–2008)[edit]
In 1993, under newly appointed CEO, Harvey Golub, American Express began to divest itself of its banking and brokerage operations. It sold its retail brokerage and asset management operations to Primerica[36] and in 1994 it spun off Lehman Brothers Kuhn Loeb in an initial public offering, as Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc.[37]
Despite rumors that it would be acquired again, Lehman performed quite well under chairman and CEO Richard S. Fuld, Jr.. By 2008, Fuld had been with the company for 30 years, and would be the longest-tenured CEO on Wall Street. Fuld had steered Lehman through the 1997 Asian Financial Crisis, a period where the firm's share price dropped to $22 USD in 1998, but he was said to have underestimated the downturn in the US housing market and its effect on Lehman's mortgage bond underwriting business. Fuld kept his job as the subprime mortgage crisis took hold, while CEOs of rivals like Bear Stearns, Merrill Lynch, and Citigroup were forced to resign.[38] In addition, Lehman's board of directors, which included retired CEOs like Vodafone's Christopher Gent and IBM's John Akers were reluctant to challenge Fuld as the firm's share price spiraled lower.[38]
Fuld had a succession of "number twos" under him, usually titled as president and chief operating officer. Chris Pettit was Fuld's second-in-command for two decades until November 26, 1996, when he resigned as president and board member. Pettit lost a power struggle with his deputies (Steve Lessing, Tom Tucker, and Joseph M. Gregory) back on March 15 that year that caused him to relinquish its COO title, likely brought about after the three men found out about Pettit's extramarital affairs, which violated Fuld's unwritten rules on marriage and social etiquette. Bradley Jack and Joseph M. Gregory were appointed co-COOs in 2002, but Jack was demoted to the office of the chairman in May 2004 and departed in June 2005 with a severance package of $80 million, making Gregory the sole COO. While Fuld was considered the "face" of Lehman brothers, Gregory was in charge of day-to-day operations and he influenced culture to drive the bottom line.[39] Gregory was demoted on June 12, 2008 and replaced as president and COO by Bart McDade, who had been serving as head of Equities, and McDade would see Lehman through bankruptcy.[40][41] McDade would later be one of a handful of Lehman executives offered a position with Barclays after their acquisition; he would step down after less than two months.[42]
In 2001, the firm acquired the private-client services, or "PCS", business of Cowen & Co.[43] and later, in 2003, aggressively re-entered the asset-management business, which it had exited in 1989.[44] Beginning with $2 billion in assets under management, the firm acquired the Crossroads Group, the fixed-income division of Lincoln Capital Management[44] and Neuberger Berman.[45] These businesses, together with the PCS business and Lehman's private-equity business, comprised the Investment Management Division, which generated approximately $3.1 billion in net revenue and almost $800 million in pretax income in 2007. Prior to going bankrupt, the firm had in excess of $275 billion in assets under management. Altogether, since going public in 1994, the firm had increased net revenues over 600% from $2.73 billion to $19.2 billion and had increased employee headcount over 230% from 8,500 to almost 28,600.
At the 2008 ALB China Law Awards,[46] Lehman Brothers was crowned:

Deal of the Year – Debt Market Deal of the Year
Deal of the Year – Equity Market Deal of the Year

Response to September 11, 2001 attacks[edit]




The former New York City headquarters now owned by Barclays.


On September 11, 2001, Lehman occupied three floors of World Trade Center where one of its employees was killed in the terrorist attacks of that day. Its global headquarters in Three World Financial Center were severely damaged and rendered unusable by falling debris, displacing over 6,500 employees. The bank recovered quickly and rebuilt its presence. Trading operations moved across the Hudson River to its Jersey City, New Jersey, facilities, where an impromptu trading floor was built in a hotel and brought online less than forty-eight hours after the attacks. When stock markets reopened on September 17, 2001, Lehman's sales and trading capabilities were restored.
In the ensuing months, the firm fanned out its operations across the New York City metropolitan area in over 40 temporary locations. The investment-banking division converted the first-floor lounges, restaurants, and all 665 guestrooms of the Sheraton Manhattan Hotel into office space.[47]
The bank also experimented with flextime (to share office space) and telecommuting via virtual private networking. In October 2001, Lehman purchased a 32-story, 1,050,000-square-foot (98,000 m2) office building for a reported sum of $700 million. The building, located at 745 Seventh Avenue, had recently been completed, and not yet occupied, by rival Morgan Stanley.
With Morgan Stanley's world headquarters located only two blocks away at 1585 Broadway, in the wake of the attacks the firm was re-evaluating its office plans which would have put over 10,000 employees in the Times Square area of New York City. Lehman began moving into the new facility in January and finished in March 2002, a move that significantly boosted morale throughout the firm.[39]
The firm was criticized for not moving back to its former headquarters in lower Manhattan. Following the attacks, only Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, and Merrill Lynch, of the major firms, remained in the downtown area. Lehman, however, pointed to the facts that it was committed to stay in New York City, that the new headquarters represented an ideal circumstance where the firm was desperate to buy and Morgan Stanley was desperate to sell, that when the new building was purchased, the structural integrity of Three World Financial Center had not yet been given a clean bill of health, and that the company could not have waited until May 2002 for repairs to Three World Financial Center to conclude.
After the attacks, Lehman's management placed increased emphasis on business continuity planning. Unlike its rivals, the company was unusually concentrated for a bulge-bracket investment bank. For example, Morgan Stanley maintains a 750,000-square-foot (70,000 m2) trading-and-banking facility in Westchester County, New York. The trading floor of UBS is located in Stamford, Connecticut. Merrill Lynch's asset-management division is located in Plainsboro Township, New Jersey. Aside from its headquarters in Three World Financial Center, Lehman maintained operations-and-backoffice facilities in Jersey City, space that the firm considered leaving prior to 9/11. The space was not only retained, but expanded, including the construction of a backup-trading facility. In addition, telecommuting technology first rolled out in the days following the attacks to allow employees to work from home was expanded and enhanced for general use throughout the firm.[48]
June 2003 SEC litigation[edit]
In June 2003, the company was one of ten firms which simultaneously entered into a settlement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Office of the New York State Attorney General and various other securities regulators, regarding undue influence over each firm's research analysts by its investment-banking divisions. Specifically, regulators alleged that the firms had improperly associated analyst compensation with the firms' investment-banking revenues, and promised favorable, market-moving research coverage, in exchange for underwriting opportunities. The settlement, known as the "global settlement", provided for total financial penalties of $1.4 billion, including $80 million against Lehman, and structural reforms, including a complete separation of investment banking departments from research departments, no analyst compensation, directly or indirectly, from investment-banking revenues, and the provision of free, independent, third-party, research to the firms' clients.
Rise of Mortgage Origination-(1997-2006)[edit]
Lehman was one of the first Wall Street firms to move into the business of mortgage origination. In 1997, Lehman bought Colorado-based lender, Aurora Loan Services, an Alt-A lender. In 2000, to expand their mortgage origination pipeline, Lehman purchased West Coast subprime mortgage lender BNC Mortgage LLC. Lehman quickly became a force in the subprime market. By 2003 Lehman made $18.2 billion in loans and ranked third in lending. By 2004, this number topped $40 billion. By 2006, Aurora and BNC were lending almost $50 billion per month.[49] Lehman had morphed into a real estate hedge fund disguised as an investment bank.[50] By 2008, Lehman had assets of $680 billion supported by only $22.5 billion of firm capital. From an equity position, its risky commercial real estate holdings were three times greater than capital. In such a highly leveraged structure, a 3 to 5 percent decline in real estate values would wipeout all capital.
Collapse[edit]
Main article: Bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers
Causes[edit]
Malfeasance[edit]
A March 2010 report by the court-appointed examiner indicated that Lehman executives regularly used cosmetic accounting gimmicks at the end of each quarter to make its finances appear less shaky than they really were. This practice was a type of repurchase agreement that temporarily removed securities from the company's balance sheet. However, unlike typical repurchase agreements, these deals were described by Lehman as the outright sale of securities and created "a materially misleading picture of the firm’s financial condition in late 2007 and 2008."[51]
Subprime Mortgage Crisis[edit]
In August 2007 the firm closed its subprime lender, BNC Mortgage, eliminating 1,200 positions in 23 locations, and took an after-tax charge of $25 million and a $27 million reduction in goodwill. Lehman said that poor market conditions in the mortgage space "necessitated a substantial reduction in its resources and capacity in the subprime space".[52]
In 2008, Lehman faced an unprecedented loss to the continuing subprime mortgage crisis. Lehman's loss was a result of having held on to large positions in subprime and other lower-rated mortgage tranches when securitizing the underlying mortgages; whether Lehman did this because it was simply unable to sell the lower-rated bonds, or made a conscious decision to hold them, is unclear. In any event, huge losses accrued in lower-rated mortgage-backed securities throughout 2008. In the second fiscal quarter, Lehman reported losses of $2.8 billion and was forced to sell off $6 billion in assets.[53] In the first half of 2008 alone, Lehman stock lost 73% of its value as the credit market continued to tighten.[53] In August 2008, Lehman reported that it intended to release 6% of its work force, 1,500 people, just ahead of its third-quarter-reporting deadline in September.[53]
In September 2007, Joe Gregory appointed Erin Callan as CFO. On March 16, 2008, after rival Bear Stearns was taken over by JP Morgan Chase in a fire sale, market analysts suggested that Lehman would be the next major investment bank to fall. Callan fielded Lehman's first quarter conference call, where the firm posted a profit of $489 million, compared to Citigroup's $5.1 billion and Merrill Lynch's $1.97 billion losses which was Lehman’s 55th consecutive profitable quarter. The firm's stock price leapt 46 percent after that announcement.[39][54][55][56]
On June 9, 2008, Lehman Brothers announced US$2.8 billion second-quarter loss, its first since being spun off from American Express, as market volatility rendered many of its hedges ineffective during that time. Lehman also reported that it had raised a further $6 billion in capital. As a result, there was major management shakeup, in which Hugh "Skip" McGee III (head of investment banking) held a meeting with senior staff to strip Fuld and his lieutenants of their authority. Consequently, Joe Gregory agreed to resign as president and COO, and afterward he told Erin Callan that she had to resign as CFO. Callan was appointed CFO of Lehman in 2008 but served only for six months, before departing after her mentor Joe Gregory was demoted.[54][55][56] Bart McDade was named to succeed Gregory as president and COO, when several senior executives threatened to leave if he was not promoted. McDade took charge and brought back Michael Gelband and Alex Kirk, who had previously been pushed out of the firm by Gregory for not taking risks. Although Fuld remained CEO, he soon became isolated from McDade's team.[39][57]
On August 22, 2008, shares in Lehman closed up 5% (16% for the week) on reports that the state-controlled Korea Development Bank was considering buying the bank.[58] Most of those gains were quickly eroded as news came in that Korea Development Bank was "facing difficulties pleasing regulators and attracting partners for the deal."[59] It culminated on September 9, when Lehman's shares plunged 45% to $7.79, after it was reported that the state-run South Korean firm had put talks on hold.[60]
Investor confidence continued to erode as Lehman's stock lost roughly half its value and pushed the S&P 500 down 3.4% on September 9. The Dow Jones lost 300 points the same day on investors' concerns about the security of the bank.[61] The U.S. government did not announce any plans to assist with any possible financial crisis that emerged at Lehman.[62]
The next day, Lehman announced a loss of $3.9 billion and its intent to sell off a majority stake in its investment-management business, which includes Neuberger Berman.[63][64] The stock slid seven percent that day.[64][65] Lehman, after earlier rejecting questions on the sale of the company, was reportedly searching for a buyer as its stock price dropped another 40 percent on September 11, 2008.[65]
Just before the collapse of Lehman Brothers, executives at Neuberger Berman sent e-mail memos suggesting, among other things, that the Lehman Brothers' top people forgo multimillion-dollar bonuses to "send a strong message to both employees and investors that management is not shirking accountability for recent performance."[66]
Lehman Brothers Investment Management Director George Herbert Walker IV dismissed the proposal, going so far as to actually apologize to other members of the Lehman Brothers executive committee for the idea of bonus reduction having been suggested. He wrote, "Sorry team. I am not sure what's in the water at Neuberger Berman. I'm embarrassed and I apologize."[66]
Short-selling allegations[edit]
During hearings on the bankruptcy filing by Lehman Brothers and bailout of AIG before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform,[67] former Lehman Brothers CEO Richard Fuld said a host of factors including a crisis of confidence and naked short-selling attacks followed by false rumors contributed to both the collapse of Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers. House committee Chairman Henry Waxman said the committee received thousands of pages of internal documents from Lehman and these documents portray a company in which there was "no accountability for failure".[68][69][70]
An article by journalist Matt Taibbi in Rolling Stone contended that naked short selling contributed to the demise of both Lehman and Bear Stearns.[71] A study by finance researchers at the University of Oklahoma Price College of Business studied trading in financial stocks, including Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns, and found "no evidence that stock price declines were caused by naked short selling".[72]
Bankruptcy[edit]
On Saturday, September 13, 2008, Timothy F. Geithner, then the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, called a meeting on the future of Lehman, which included the possibility of an emergency liquidation of its assets.[73] Lehman reported that it had been in talks with Bank of America and Barclays for the company's possible sale; however, both Barclays and Bank of America ultimately declined to purchase the entire company, in the former case because the British government (in particular, the Chancellor of the Exchequer Alastair Darling and the CEO of the Financial Services Authority Hector Sants) refused to allow the transaction at the last minute, quoting stockholder regulations in the UK, despite a deal having apparently been completed.[73][74]
The next day, Sunday, September 14, the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) offered an exceptional trading session to allow market participants to offset positions in various derivatives on the condition of a Lehman bankruptcy later that day.[75] Although the bankruptcy filing missed the deadline, many dealers honored the trades they made in the special session.[76]




Lehman Brothers headquarters in New York City on September 15, 2008


Shortly before 1 am Monday morning (UTC−5), Lehman Brothers Holdings announced it would file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection[77] citing bank debt of $613 billion, $155 billion in bond debt, and assets worth $639 billion.[78] It further announced that its subsidiaries would continue to operate as normal.[77] A group of Wall Street firms agreed to provide capital and financial assistance for the bank's orderly liquidation and the Federal Reserve, in turn, agreed to a swap of lower-quality assets in exchange for loans and other assistance from the government.[79] The morning witnessed scenes of Lehman employees removing files, items with the company logo, and other belongings from the world headquarters at 745 Seventh Avenue. The spectacle continued throughout the day and into the following day.
Later that day, the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) suspended Lehman's Australian subsidiary as a market participant after clearing-houses terminated contracts with the firm.[80] Lehman shares tumbled over 90% on September 15, 2008.[81][82] The Dow Jones closed down just over 500 points on September 15, 2008, which was at the time the largest drop in a single day since the days following the attacks on September 11, 2001.[83]
In the United Kingdom, the investment bank went into administration with PricewaterhouseCoopers appointed as administrators.[84] In Japan, the Japanese branch, Lehman Brothers Japan Inc., and its holding company filed for civil reorganization on September 16, 2008, in Tokyo District Court.[85] On September 17, 2008, the New York Stock Exchange delisted Lehman Brothers.[86]
On March 16, 2011 some three years after filing for bankruptcy and following a filing in a Manhattan U.S. bankruptcy court, Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc announced it would seek creditor approval of its reorganization plan by October 14 followed by a confirmation hearing to follow on November 17.[87][88]
Liquidation[edit]
Barclays acquisition[edit]
On September 16, 2008, Barclays PLC announced that they would acquire a "stripped clean" portion of Lehman for $1.75 billion, including most of Lehman's North America operations.[8][89] On September 20, 2008, a revised version of the deal, a $1.35 billion (£700 million) plan for Barclays to acquire the core business of Lehman (mainly its $960-million headquarters, a 38-story office building[90] in Midtown Manhattan, with responsibility for 9,000 former employees), was approved.[91][92] Manhattan court bankruptcy Judge James Peck, after a 7-hour hearing, ruled: "I have to approve this transaction because it is the only available transaction. Lehman Brothers became a victim, in effect the only true icon to fall in a tsunami that has befallen the credit markets. This is the most momentous bankruptcy hearing I've ever sat through. It can never be deemed precedent for future cases. It's hard for me to imagine a similar emergency."[93]
Luc Despins, then a partner at Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy, the creditors committee counsel, said: "The reason we're not objecting is really based on the lack of a viable alternative. We did not support the transaction because there had not been enough time to properly review it."[citation needed] In the amended agreement, Barclays would absorb $47.4 billion in securities and assume $45.5 billion in trading liabilities. Lehman's attorney Harvey R. Miller of Weil, Gotshal & Manges, said "the purchase price for the real estate components of the deal would be $1.29 billion, including $960 million for Lehman's New York headquarters and $330 million for two New Jersey data centers. Lehman's original estimate valued its headquarters at $1.02 billion but an appraisal from CB Richard Ellis this week valued it at $900 million."[citation needed] Further, Barclays will not acquire Lehman's Eagle Energy unit, but will have entities known as Lehman Brothers Canada Inc, Lehman Brothers Sudamerica, Lehman Brothers Uruguay and its Private Investment Management business for high-net-worth individuals. Finally, Lehman will retain $20 billion of securities assets in Lehman Brothers Inc that are not being transferred to Barclays.[94] Barclays acquired a potential liability of $2.5 billion to be paid as severance, if it chooses not to retain some Lehman employees beyond the guaranteed 90 days.[95][96]
Nomura acquisition[edit]
Nomura Holdings, Japan's top brokerage firm, agreed to buy the Asian division of Lehman Brothers for $225 million and parts of the European division for a nominal fee of $2.[97][98] It would not take on any trading assets or liabilities in the European units. Nomura negotiated such a low price because it acquired only Lehman's employees in the regions, and not its stocks, bonds or other assets. The last Lehman Brothers Annual Report identified that these non-US subsidiaries of Lehman Brothers were responsible for over 50% of global revenue produced.[99]
Sale of asset management businesses[edit]
On September 29, 2008, Lehman agreed to sell Neuberger Berman, part of its investment management business, to a pair of private-equity firms, Bain Capital Partners and Hellman & Friedman, for $2.15 billion.[100] The transaction was expected to close in early 2009, subject to approval by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court,[101] but a competing bid was entered by the firm's management, who ultimately prevailed in a bankruptcy auction on December 3, 2008. Creditors of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. retain a 49% common equity interest in the firm, now known as Neuberger Berman Group LLC.[102] In Europe, the Quantitative Asset Management Business has been acquired back by its employees on November 13, 2008 and has been renamed back to TOBAM.
Financial fallout[edit]
Lehman's bankruptcy was the largest failure of an investment bank since Drexel Burnham Lambert collapsed amid fraud allegations 18 years prior.[79] Immediately following the bankruptcy filing, an already distressed financial market began a period of extreme volatility, during which the Dow experienced its largest one day point loss, largest intra-day range (more than 1,000 points) and largest daily point gain. What followed was what many have called the "perfect storm" of economic distress factors and eventually a $700bn bailout package (Troubled Asset Relief Program) prepared by Henry Paulson, Secretary of the Treasury, and approved by Congress. The Dow eventually closed at a new six-year low of 7,552.29 on November 20, followed by a further drop to 6626 by March of the next year. Durvexity spiked, due to funding issues at the major investment banks.[103]
The fall of Lehman also had a strong effect on small private investors such as bond holders and holders of so-called Minibonds. In Germany structured products, often based on an index, were sold mostly to private investors, elderly, retired persons, students and families. Most of those now worthless derivatives were sold by the German arm of Citigroup, the German Citibank now owned by Crédit Mutuel.
Ongoing litigation[edit]
On March 11, 2010, Anton R. Valukas, a court-appointed examiner, published the results of its year-long investigation into the finances of Lehman Brothers.[104] This report revealed that Lehman Brothers used an accounting procedure termed repo 105 to temporarily exchange $50 billion of assets into cash just before publishing its financial statements.[105] The action could be seen to implicate both Ernst & Young, the bank's accountancy firm and Richard S. Fuld, Jr, the former CEO.[106] This could potentially lead to Ernst & Young being found guilty of financial malpractice and Fuld facing time in prison.[107]
According to The Wall Street Journal, in March 2011, the SEC announced that they weren't confident that they could prove that Lehman Brothers violated US laws in its accounting practices.[108]
In October 2011 the administrators of Lehman Brothers Holding Inc. lost their appeal to overturn a court order forcing them to pay £148 million into their underfunded pensions plan.[109]
As of January 2016, Lehman has already paid more than $105 billion to its unsecured creditors. In addition, JPMorgan will pay $1.42 billion in cash to settle a lawsuit accusing JPMorgan of draining Lehman Brothers liquidity right before the crash. The settlement would permit another $1.496 to be paid to creditors and a separate $76 million deposit.[110]
Merger and acquisition history[edit]
The following is an illustration of the company's major mergers and acquisitions and historical predecessors (this is not a comprehensive list):[111]


Lehman Brothers
(1994, spun off by American Express;
2008, bankrupt – see Bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers)




Shearson Lehman Hutton
(merged 1988)



Shearson Lehman Brothers
(merged 1984)



Shearson/American Express
(merged 1981)





American Express
(est. 1850)






Shearson Loeb Rhoades
(acquired 1981)



Shearson Hayden Stone
(merged 1973)



Hayden Stone, Inc. (formerly CBWL-Hayden Stone, merged 1970)





Cogan, Berlind, Weill & Levitt
(formerly Carter, Berlind, Potoma & Weill, est. 1960)








Hayden, Stone & Co.














Shearson, Hammill & Co.
(est. 1902)












Loeb, Rhoades, Hornblower & Co.
(merged 1978)



Loeb, Rhoades & Co.
(merged 1937)





Carl M. Loeb & Co.
(est. 1931)








Rhoades & Company
(est. 1905)












Hornblower, Weeks, Noyes & Trask
(merged 1953–1977)





Hornblower & Weeks
(est. 1888)








Hemphill, Noyes & Co.
(est. 1919, acq. 1963)








Spencer Trask & Co.
(est. 1866 as Trask & Brown)








Paul H. Davis & Co.
(est. 1920, acq. 1953)






























Lehman Brothers Kuhn Loeb
(merged 1977)



Lehman Brothers
(merged 1975)





Abraham & Co.
(est. 1938)








Lehman Brothers
(est. 1850)














Kuhn, Loeb & Co.
(est. 1867)




















E. F. Hutton & Co.
(est. 1904)














Neuberger Berman
(est. 1939, acq. 2003,
sold to management 2009)








Crossroads Group
(est. 1981, acq. 2003)












Board of directors[edit]

Richard S. Fuld, Jr., chairman and chief executive officer[112]
Michael L. Ainslie[112]
John F. Akers[112]
Roger S. Berlind[112]
Thomas Cruikshank[112]
Marsha Johnson Evans[112]
Sir Christopher Gent[112]
Roland A. Hernandez [112]
Dr. Henry Kaufman[112]
John D. Macomber[112]

Former officers[edit]

Richard S. Fuld, Jr.
Tom Russo
Scott J. Freidheim
Bart McDade
Joe Gregory
Ian Lowitt, chief financial officer at the time of Lehman's collapse
Jessie Bhattal
Jeremy Isaacs (not Sir Jeremy Isaacs, the British television producer and executive)
Hugh McGee
George Herbert Walker IV
Michael Gelband

In popular culture[edit]
The events of the weekend leading up to Lehman's bankruptcy were dramatized in The Last Days of Lehman Brothers, a 2009 British-made television film.
In the 2010 animated film Despicable Me, Lehman Brothers is referenced near the beginning. The main character Gru travels to the Bank of Evil, the bank that funds all evil plots for villains around the world, to try to take out a loan. As he passes under the banner with the bank's name, and under "Bank of Evil", in small letters, it reads, "Formerly Lehman Brothers".[113]
The 2011 American independent drama film Margin Call focuses on the events of a 24-hour period at a large investment bank based on amalgam of large investment banks, drawing heavily from the culture of Lehman Brothers. (However, the events in the movie are primarily a depiction of the actions of Goldman Sachs.)
In the 2011 comedy American film Horrible Bosses, Kenny Sommerfeld mentioned that he is a Yale graduate who worked for Lehman Brothers. He was earning a high six-figure salary, but is now unable to buy even basic necessities and lives in poverty.
The 2011 HBO movie Too Big to Fail recounted the days before Lehman Brothers declared bankruptcy and the fallout afterward.
The fall of Lehman Brothers is depicted in the 2015 movie The Big Short (film) where two of the characters walk around the Lehman Brothers offices after the bankruptcy to see the main trading floor.
Lehman Brothers is parodied in the 2016 Disney animated film Zootopia, which depicts a financial firm called "Lemming Brothers", staffed by lemmings.
Principal locations (first year of occupancy)[edit]

17 Court Square, Montgomery, Alabama (1847)*[114]
119 Liberty Street, New York, NY (1858)[114]
176 Fulton Street, New York, NY (1865–1866?)[21][114]
133–35 Pearl Street, New York, NY (1867)[21][114]
40 Exchange Place, New York, NY (1876)[21][114]
16 William Street, New York, NY (1892)[114]
One William Street, New York, NY (1928) **[114]
55 Water Street (1980) ***[115]
3 World Financial Center (1985)[116]
745 Seventh Avenue, New York, NY (2002)[117]

* Henry Lehman established his first store location on Commerce Street, in Montgomery, in 1845. In 1848, one year after Emanuel's arrival, the brothers moved "H. Lehman & Bro." to 17 Court Square, where it remained when Mayer arrived in 1850, forming "Lehman Brothers".
** Designated as a landmark by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Committee in 1996.
*** Sales and trading personnel had been in this location since 1977, when they were joined by the firm's investment bankers and brokers.
See also[edit]


Companies portal



MF Global, the largest Wall Street firm to collapse since the Lehman Brothers debacle in September 2008.
Valukas Report on the failure of Lehman

References[edit]


^ "History of the Lehman Brothers". Harvard University Library-Lehman Brothers Collection. Retrieved 2010-12-01. 
^ Melvyn Dubofsky (2013). The Oxford Encyclopedia of American Business, Labor, and Economic History. Oxford University Press. pp. 470–. ISBN 978-0-19-973881-6. 
^ Michael P. Malloy (2010). Anatomy of a Meltdown: A Dual Financial Biography of the Subprime Mortgage Crisis. Wolters Kluwer Law & Business. ISBN 978-0-7355-9458-6. 
^ Asli Yüksel Mermod; Samuel O. Idowu (29 August 2013). Corporate Social Responsibility in the Global Business World. Springer Science & Business Media. pp. 124–. ISBN 978-3-642-37620-7. 
^ Williams, Mark (April 12, 2010). Uncontrolled Risk. McGraw-Hill Education. ISBN 978-0071638296. 
^ Mamudi, Sam (September 15, 2005). "Lehman folds with record $613 billion debt". Marketwatch. 
^ Williams, Mark (April 12, 2010). Uncontrolled Risk. McGraw-Hill Education. p. 178. ISBN 978-0071638296. 
^ a b "Barclays announces agreement to acquire Lehman Brothers North American investment banking and capital markets businesses" (Press release). Barclays PLC. September 17, 2008. Archived from the original on December 13, 2013. Retrieved 2008-09-17. 
^ "Barclays buys core Lehman assets". BBC News. September 17, 2008. 
^ "Judge approves $1.3 billion Lehman deal". BBC News. September 20, 2008. 
^ "Nomura to acquire Lehman Brothers' Asia Pacific franchise" (Press release). Nomura Holdings. September 22, 2008. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ "Nomura to close acquisition of Lehman Brothers' Europe and Middle East investment banking and equities businesses on October 13" (Press release). Nomura Holdings. October 6, 2008. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 49
^ Bernhard, William, L., Birge, June Rossbach Bingham, Loeb, John L., Jr.. Lots of Lehmans – The Family of Mayer Lehman of Lehman Brothers, Remembered by His Descendants. Center For Jewish History, 2007, page 1
^ a b c d Wechsberg, Joseph. The Merchant Bankers. Pocket Books, 1966, page 233
^ Bernhard, William, L., Birge, June Rossbach Bingham, Loeb, John L., Jr.. Lots of Lehmans – The Family of Mayer Lehman of Lehman Brothers, Remembered by His Descendants. Center For Jewish History, 2007, page 5
^ Birmingham, Stephen. Our Crowd: The Great Jewish Families of New York. Harper and Row, 1967, page 47
^ a b c d Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 50
^ Birmingham, Stephen. Our Crowd: The Great Jewish Families of New York. Harper and Row, 1967, page 77
^ Bernhard, William, L., Birge, June Rossbach Bingham, Loeb, John L., Jr.. Lots of Lehmans – The Family of Mayer Lehman of Lehman Brothers, Remembered by His Descendants. Center For Jewish History, 2007, page 8
^ a b c d e Wechsberg, Joseph. The Merchant Bankers. Pocket Books, 1966, page 235
^ Swaine, Robert T. (1946). The Cravath Firm and Its Predecessors, 1819-1947. The Lawbook Exchange, Ltd. p. 633. ISBN 978-1-58477-713-7. Retrieved June 3, 2014. 
^ a b Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 51
^ Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 285
^ a b c Wechsberg, Joseph. The Merchant Bankers. Pocket Books, 1966, page 238
^ a b Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 53
^ a b Wechsberg, Joseph. The Merchant Bankers. Pocket Books, 1966, page 241
^ "John M. Hancock Papers". University of North Dakota. Archived from the original on 2007-02-10. Retrieved 2008-09-14. 
^ Ingham, John N. (1983). Biographical Dictionary of American Business Leaders. Greenwood Publishing Group. ISBN 9780313213625. Retrieved 2008-09-14. 
^ a b c Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 77[dead link]
^ Sloane, Leonard (November 29, 1977). "Lehman and Kuhn Loeb to Merge; Lehman Brothers and Kuhn Loeb Sign Agreement to Merge December 16". The New York Times. 
^ a b Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 78
^ Cole, Robert J. (December 4, 1987). "Company News – Hutton-Shearson Deal Announced". The New York Times. 
^ "Profile: Peter A. Cohen". Forbes. forbes.com. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ "Shearson Lehman Buying out E.F. Hutton – Rights Managed". Pro.corbis.com. Retrieved 2010-10-16. [permanent dead link]
^ Quint, Michael (March 13, 1993). "Primerica Will Buy Shearson for $1 billion". The New York Times. 
^ Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 79
^ a b Christian Plumb and Dan Wilchins (September 14, 2008). "Lehman CEO Fuld's hubris contributed to meltdown". Reuters. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b c d "Print Page". Nymag.com. Retrieved 2013-10-07. 
^ Ward, Vicky (October 20, 2009). "Business: Lehman's Desperate Housewives &#124". Vanity Fair. VanityFair.com. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ Truell, Peter (November 27, 1996). "Pettit Resigns as President Of Lehman Brothers Firm". The New York Times. 
^ White, Ben; de la Merced, Michael J. (October 31, 2008). "McDade to Leave Barclays Capital". The New York Times. 
^ Charles Gasparino (July 18, 2000). "Lehman Brothers to take over SG Cowen's brokerage division". The Financial Express. Archived from the original on May 14, 2013. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b Christine Williamson. "Back Again: Lehman returns to institutional management with Lincoln deal; Purchase of fixed-income business ends 13-year absence". Pensions & Investments. Goliath. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Thomas, Landon, Jr. (July 23, 2003). "Market Place; Lehman to Buy Neuberger Berman For $2.6 Billion". The New York Times. 
^ "Legalbusinessonline.com.au". Legalbusinessonline.com.au. September 19, 2011. Retrieved 2011-11-02. [dead link]
^ Bill Egbert (September 19, 2001). "Lehman Checks into Sheraton". Daily News. nydailynews.com. Archived from the original on May 14, 2012. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ "Cast Study: Lehman Brothers" (PDF). Citrix.com. 2003. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2012-11-24. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Williams, Mark (April 12, 2010). Uncontrolled Risk. McGraw-Hill Education. p. 129. ISBN 978-0071638296. 
^ Williams, Mark (April 12, 2010). Uncontrolled Risk. McGraw-Hill Education. p. 135. ISBN 978-0071638296. 
^ Mark Trumbull (March 12, 2010). "Lehman Bros. used accounting trick amid financial crisis – and earlier". The Christian Science Monitor. csmonitor.com. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Kulikowski, Laura (August 22, 2007). "Lehman Brothers Amputates Mortgage Arm". TheStreet.com. Retrieved 2008-03-18. 
^ a b c Anderson, Jenny; Dash, Eric (August 29, 2008). "Struggling Lehman Plans to Lay Off 1,500". The New York Times. 
^ a b Katie Benner (September 26, 2008). "I was lucky to get out". Fortune. CNNmoney. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b "Sexist Language". NPR Ombudsman. June 20, 2008. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b Sellers, Patricia (March 8, 2010). "The Fall of a Wall Street Highflier". Fortune. CNNmoney. Archived from the original on December 9, 2011. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Onaran, Yalman; Helyar, John (December 31, 2008). "The fall of Lehman Bros - Part 4". The New Zealand Herald. 
^ Anderson, Jenny; Thomas, Landon, Jr. (August 22, 2008). "Lehman’s Shares Gain on Signs of Raising Capital". The New York Times. 
^ Morcroft, Greg (September 4, 2008). "Financials slip as Korea snags weigh on Lehman and Merrill". MarketWatch. 
^ Association of Funding Professionals (September 9, 2008). "Lehman Brothers in freefall as hopes fade for new capital". Google News. Archived from the original on April 21, 2009. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ "Dow plunges nearly 300 points on concern about Lehman". Times-Picayune. New Orleans. September 9, 2008. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Anderson, Jenny (September 9, 2008). "Wall Street’s Fears on Lehman Bros. Batter Markets". The New York Times. 
^ White, Ben (September 10, 2008). "Lehman Sees $3.9 billion Loss and Plans to Shed Assets". The New York Times. 
^ a b Bruno, Joe Bel (September 10, 2008). "Lehman shares slip on plans to auction off unit, consider sale of company". The Seattle Times. Associated Press. 
^ a b Anderson, Jenny; Sorkin, Andrew Ross (September 11, 2008). "As Pressure Builds, Lehman Said to Be Looking for a Buyer". The New York Times. 
^ a b Fitzgerald, Patrick (September 9, 2009). "Fund Manager Wants $12.3 Million from Lehman". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Statement of Richard S. Fuld, Jr. before the United States House of Representatives Committee on Oversight and Government Reform" (PDF). US House. October 6, 2008. Archived from the original (PDF) on September 16, 2012. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Smith, Aaron (October 6, 2008). "Fuld blames 'crisis of confidence'". CNNmoney. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Moore, Heidi N. (October 7, 2008). "Dick Fuld's Vendetta Against Short-Sellers—and Goldman Sachs". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Richard Fuld's Statement To The Congressional Committee (In Full)". News.hereisthecity.com. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ Taibbi, Matt (October 2009). "Wall Street's Naked Swindle". Rolling Stone. Retrieved 2009-10-15. 
^ Veljko Fotak, Vikas Raman and Pradeep K. Yadav (May 22, 2009). "Naked Short Selling: The Emperor`s New Clothes?" (PDF). Centre for Financial Research, University of Cologne. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b Anderson, Jenny; Dash, Eric; Bajaj, Vikas; Andrews, Edmund (September 13, 2008). "U.S. Gives Banks Urgent Warning to Solve Crisis". The New York Times. 
^ White, Ben; Anderson, Jenny (September 14, 2008). "Lehman Heads Toward Brink as Barclays Ends Talks". The New York Times. 
^ "Lehman Risk Reduction Trading Session and Protocol Agreement" (Press release). ISDA. September 14, 2008. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Jane Baird (September 15, 2008). "CDS dealers honour trades to cut Lehman risk". Reuters. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b "Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. Announces It Intends to File Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Petition" (PDF). Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. September 15, 2008. Retrieved 2008-09-15. 
^ Mamudi, Sam (September 15, 2008). "Lehman folds with record $613 billion debt". MarketWatch. 
^ a b Sorkin, Andrew Ross (September 15, 2008). "In Frantic Day, Wall Street Banks Teeter". The New York Times. 
^ "ASX suspends Lehman Brothers". The Australian. September 15, 2008. Retrieved 2008-09-15. 
^ Kennedy, Siman; Morcroft, Greg (September 15, 2010). "Lehman failure, AIG struggle drive financials lower". MarketWatch. 
^ AFP (September 15, 2008). "afp.google.com, Lehman bankruptcy shakes world financial system". Google. Archived from the original on March 5, 2012. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ Grynbaum, Michael (September 15, 2008). "Wall St.’s Turmoil Sends Stocks Reeling". The New York Times. 
^ "Lehman Bros files for bankruptcy". BBC News. September 15, 2008. 
^ "Lehman Bros files for Civil Reorganization Law". Yomiuri Online. September 16, 2008. Archived from the original on September 16, 2008. Retrieved 2008-09-16. 
^ "NYSE to Suspend Trading in Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc. and Related Securities listed on NYSE and NYSE Arca; Moves to Remove from the List" (Press release). NYSE Euronext. September 17, 2008. Archived from the original on September 21, 2008. Retrieved 2008-09-18. 
^ "Lehman targets November 17 to win bankruptcy plan OK". Reuters. March 16, 2011. 
^ Greece lost a huge amount of money from deposits in Lehman Brothers.
^ Smith, Randall; Gullapalli, Diya; Mccracken, Jeffrey (17 September 2008). "Lehman, Workers Score Reprieve". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Emporis GmbH. "Lehman Brothers Building, New York City, U.S.A.". Emporis.com. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ "US judge approves Lehman's asset sale to Barclays". Reuters/Forbes. September 20, 2008. Retrieved 2008-09-20. [dead link]
^ "Judge approves .3bn Lehman deal". BBC News. September 20, 2008. 
^ "Judge approves $1.3bn Lehman deal". BBC News. September 20, 2008. 
^ Chasan, Emily (September 20, 2008). "reuters.com, Judge approves Lehman, Barclays pact". Reuters. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5hHts3gSHE_WcIZt-IgZWwYpgmeewD93ABG080. Retrieved September 20, 2008.  Missing or empty |title= (help)[dead link]
^ [1] Archived 21 September 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Nomura paying two dollars for Lehman's Europe ops: report Archived 2008-09-29 at the Wayback Machine., AFP, September 25, 2008
^ Nomura Buys Lehman's Europe Banking, Equities Units, Bloomberg, September 23, 2008
^ "Lehman Brothers 2007 Annual Report". [permanent dead link]
^ Durchslag, Adam (October 1, 2008) "Bain and Hellman secure Neuberger: private equity houses Bain Capital and Hellman & Friedman acquire Neuberger Berman from Lehman for US$2.15bn" Acquisitions Monthly from Access My Library
^ Money.cnn.com Archived 30 September 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ De, Michael J. (December 3, 2008). "Managers Win Auction for a Part of Lehman". The New York Times. 
^ Suresh Goel, "Crisis Management", Global India Publications Pvt Ltd, 2009, p. 125. Retrieved 2012-09-05
^ "Examiner’s Report – Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. Chapter 11 Proceedings". Lehmanreport.jenner.com. Archived from the original on 2011-11-15. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ "Lehman file rocks Wall Street". Financial Times. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ Frean, Alexandra (March 13, 2010). "Linklaters and Ernst and Young face action over Lehman Brothers collapse". The Times. London. Retrieved 2010-05-07. 
^ Clark, Andrew (March 12, 2010). "Could Lehman's Dick Fuld end up behind bars?". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 2010-05-07. 
^ Eaglesham, Jean; Rappaport, Liz (March 12, 2011). "Lehman Probe Stalls; Chance of No Charges". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Chellel, Kit (October 15, 2011). "Lehman, Nortel lose $3.5B pension appeal". Ottawacitizen.com. Retrieved 2011-11-02. 
^ "JPMorgan to pay $1.42 billion cash to settle most Lehman claims". Reuters. 2017-01-26. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ "Salomon Smith Barney" from Gambee, Robert. Wall Street. W. W. Norton & Company, 1999. p.73
^ a b c d e f g h i j "Board of Directors". Lehman Brothers. Archived from the original on October 1, 2001. Retrieved 2008-09-14. 
^ Corliss, Richard (July 9, 2010). "Despicable Me: It's Pickable!". Time.com. TIME Magazine. Retrieved August 25, 2015. 
^ a b c d e f g Lehman Brothers. A Centennial – Lehman Brothers 1850–1950. Spiral Press, 1950, pages 62–63
^ Crittenden, Ann (December 20, 1980). "Lehman's Office Move Marks End of an Aura; Lehman Leaves One William Street 'The Place Is a Pigsty' High Return on Capital". The New York Times. 
^ Salmans, Sandra (October 19, 1985). "At Last, Shearson Makes Its Move". 
^ "Lehman Brothers to Remain in New York with Purchase of Morgan Stanley's New Office Tower". Findarticles.com. October 8, 2001. Archived from the original on June 7, 2009. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 


Further reading[edit]

Auletta, Ken. Greed and Glory on Wall Street: The Fall of the House of Lehman. Random House, 1985
Bernhard, William, L., Birge, June Rossbach Bingham, Loeb, John L., Jr. Lots of Lehmans: The Family of Mayer Lehman of Lehman Brothers, Remembered by His Descendants. Center for Jewish History, 2007.
Birmingham, Stephen. Our Crowd: The Great Jewish Families of New York. Harper and Row, 1967.
Dillian, Jared, Street Freak: Money and Madness at Lehman Brothers: A Memoir, New York: Simon and Schuster, September 13, 2011. ISBN 978-1-4391-8126-3
Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997
Shirkhedkar, Jayant. Saving Lehman, One person at a time. McGraw-Hill, 2007
Lehman Brothers. A Centennial – Lehman Brothers 1850–1950. Spiral Press, 1950
Schack, Justin (May 2005). "Restoring the House of Lehman". Institutional Investor, p. 24–32.
Wechsberg, Joseph. The Merchant Bankers. Pocket Books, 1968
Nocera, Joe (September 11, 2009). "Lehman Had to Die So Global Finance Could Live". The New York Times. 
Lawrence, G. McDonald. (2009) A Colossal Failure of Common Sense: The Inside Story of the Collapse of Lehman Brothers. Crown Business
Sorkin, A. Ross (2009). Too Big to Fail: The Inside Story of How Wall Street and Washington Fought to Save the Financial System—and Themselves. Viking Adult
Kane and Stollery (2013). "Lessons learned: an exchange of views".

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Lehman Brothers.



Why Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns Collapsed
Lehman Brothers case study – KPMG China
crisis-lehman – Lehman Brothers in Spain
Lehman Brothers bankruptcy site linked to from Lehman Brothers' home page
Melse, E. (2009-10-28), TEMA analysis of Lehman Brothers – Video in Dutch. Masterclass
The Lehman Brothers Treasure Trove – slideshow by Life magazine
What did the Lehman Brothers implosion look like to a techie?, The Register
BBC: The Love of Money, The Bank That Bust the World
Bloomberg: Lehman Files Biggest Bankruptcy Case as Suitors Balk
Lehman Brothers Records at Baker Library Historical Collections, Harvard Business School
Barclays Group Archives: Lehman Brothers







v
t
e


Lehman family



Founding generation of Lehman Brothers



Henry Lehman
Emanuel Lehman
Mayer Lehman





Other notable family members



Arthur Altschul
Helen Lehman Buttenwieser
Herbert H. Lehman
Irving Lehman
Philip Lehman
Robert Lehman
John Langeloth Loeb Jr.





Financial firms



Lehman Brothers












v
t
e


Great Recession



By region



Africa
Americas

United States
South America


Asia
Europe
Oceania





United States-specific



Automotive industry crisis
California budget crisis
Housing bubble
Housing market correction
Subprime mortgage crisis





Banking losses and fraud



Anglo Irish Bank hidden loans controversy
Libor scandal

Tom Hayes


Société Générale trading loss
Forex scandal
Seán FitzPatrick
Bernard Madoff
Tom Petters
Scott W. Rothstein
Allen Stanford





Government entities



Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Home Loan Banks
Federal Housing Administration
Federal Housing Finance Agency
Federal Housing Finance Board
Federal Reserve System
Government National Mortgage Association
Irish Bank Resolution Corporation
National Asset Management Agency
Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight
Office of Financial Stability
UK Financial Investments










Government policy and spending responses



Banking and finance
stability and reform



Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Act 2009
Banking (Special Provisions) Act 2008
China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit
Commercial Paper Funding Facility
Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008
Irish emergency budget, 2009
Irish budget, 2010
Irish budget, 2011
Irish budget, 2012
Irish budget, 2013
Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program
Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility
Troubled Asset Relief Program
2008 United Kingdom bank rescue package




Bank stress tests



EU
U.S.








Stimulus and recovery



2008 European Union stimulus plan
2008–09 Keynesian resurgence
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Chinese economic stimulus program
Economic Stimulus Act of 2008
Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009
Green New Deal
Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008
National fiscal policy response to the Great Recession
Zero interest-rate policy





Government interventions,
rescues, and acquisitions



List of banks acquired or bankrupted during the Great Recession




Non-banking



Chrysler
General Motors











Securities involved
and financial markets



Auction rate securities
Collateralized debt obligations
Collateralized mortgage obligations
Credit default swaps
Mortgage-backed securities
Secondary mortgage market





Social responses



Tea Party protests (United States; c. 2009)
May Day protests (Europe, Middle East and North Africa, Asia; 2009)
Occupy movement (worldwide)





Related topics



2000s energy crisis

Central Asia: 2008


Effects on museums
Decline of newspapers
World food price crisis








European debt crisis
Financial crisis of 2007–08
List of countries by public debt












v
t
e


Barclays



Division and subsidiaries



Barclays Africa
Barclays Canada
Barclaycard
Barclays Investment Bank
Barclays Wealth





Historical components
and acquisitions



Backhouse's Bank
Barclays Private Equity
Crossroads Group
FirstCaribbean International Bank
Gurney's Bank
Juniper Bank
Kuhn, Loeb & Co.
Martins Bank
Lehman Brothers
Lock, Hulme & Co.
London Provincial and South Western Bank
The Woolwich





Corporate Directors



John McFarlane (Chairman)
Sir Gerry Grimstone (Deputy Chairman)
Jes Staley (Group Chief Executive)
Chris Lucas
David Booth
Alison Carnwath
Fulvio Conti
Simon Fraser
Reuben Jeffery III
Sir Andrew Likierman
Dambisa Moyo
Sir John Sunderland





Other



One Churchill Place








 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


American Express



Payment products



Accolades Cards
Charge cards
Credit cards
ExpressPay
Traveler's cheques
Centurion Card
Plum Card





Spun-off companies



Ameriprise Financial
First Data Corp.
Lehman Brothers
Merchants Despatch
Railway Express Agency
Warner-Amex Satellite Entertainment





Notable current and former executives



Henry Wells
William Fargo
J. C. Fargo
Howard L. Clark Sr.
Ralph Reed
James D. Robinson III
Louis V. Gerstner Jr.
Sanford I. Weill
Harvey Golub
Kenneth Chenault
Gary Crittenden





Corporate directors



Kenneth Chenault (Chairman)
Daniel Akerson
Charlene Barshefsky
Ursula Burns
Peter Chernin
Vernon Jordan Jr.
Jan Leschly
Rick Levin
Edward D. Miller
Frank Popoff
Robert D. Walter
Ron Williams





Other



The Adventures of Seinfeld & Superman
American Express Incentive Services
Salad Oil Scandal
World Monuments Watch
65 Broadway
Falmer Stadium (The American Express Community Stadium)
Small Business Saturday
Three World Financial Center









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 151279667
LCCN: n81066329
ISNI: 0000 0001 0153 6630










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Lehman_Brothers&oldid=788549929"					
Categories: 1850 establishments in the United StatesBank failures in the United StatesSystemic riskBanks based in New York CityBanks established in 1850Banks disestablished in 2008BarclaysCompanies delisted from the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 2008Defunct financial services companies of the United StatesFormer investment banksHistory of Montgomery, AlabamaLehman BrothersShearson Lehman/American ExpressAmerican companies established in 18502008 disestablishments in New YorkNomuraHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from March 2016Articles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2016Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsWebarchive template wayback linksPages using deprecated image syntaxArticles needing additional references from March 2016All articles needing additional referencesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2009Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡLietuviųMagyarBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்TürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt文言吴语粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 01:52.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Lehman Brothers - Wikipedia





















 






Lehman Brothers

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Lehman Brothers




Industry
Investment services


Fate
Chapter 11 bankruptcy liquidation


Successors



Nomura Holdings
Barclays





Founded
1850; 167 years ago (1850)
Montgomery, Alabama, U.S.[1]


Founders
Henry Lehman
Emanuel Lehman
Mayer Lehman


Defunct
2008


Headquarters
New York City, New York,
United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people




Robert Lehman
Pete Peterson
Richard Fuld





Products



Financial Services
Investment Banking
Investment management






Number of employees

26,200 (2008)


Subsidiaries
Lehman Brothers Inc., Neuberger Berman Inc., Aurora Loan Services, LLC, SIB Mortgage Corporation, Lehman Brothers Bank, FSB, Eagle Energy Partners, and the Crossroads Group


Website
Barclays Group Archives: Lehman Brothers


Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. (former NYSE ticker symbol LEH) /ˈliːmən/ was a global financial services firm. Before declaring bankruptcy in 2008, Lehman was the fourth-largest investment bank in the United States (behind Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, and Merrill Lynch), doing business in investment banking, equity and fixed-income sales and trading (especially U.S. Treasury securities), research, investment management, private equity, and private banking. Lehman was operational for 158 years from its founding in 1850 until 2008.[2]
On September 15, 2008, the firm filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection following the massive exodus of most of its clients, drastic losses in its stock, and devaluation of assets by credit rating agencies, largely sparked by Lehman's involvement in the subprime mortgage crisis, excessive risk taking and subsequent allegations of negligence and malfeasance.[3][4][5] Lehman's bankruptcy filing is the largest in US history,[6] and is thought to have played a major role in the unfolding of the late-2000s global financial crisis. On September 16, 2008, Lehman filed for bankruptcy. Global markets immediately plummeted, and systemic risk was uncorked. This market collapse also gave support to the "Too Big To Fail" doctrine.[7] The following day, Barclays announced its agreement to purchase, subject to regulatory approval, Lehman's North American investment-banking and trading divisions along with its New York headquarters building.[8][9] On September 20, 2008, a revised version of that agreement was approved by U.S. Bankruptcy Judge James M. Peck.[10] The next week, Nomura Holdings announced that it would acquire Lehman Brothers' franchise in the Asia-Pacific region, including Japan, Hong Kong and Australia,[11] as well as Lehman Brothers' investment banking and equities businesses in Europe and the Middle East. The deal became effective on October 13, 2008.[12]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Under the Lehman family (1850–1969)
1.2 An evolving partnership (1969–1984)
1.3 Merger with American Express (1984–1994)
1.4 Divestment and independence (1994–2008)
1.5 Response to September 11, 2001 attacks
1.6 June 2003 SEC litigation


2 Rise of Mortgage Origination-(1997-2006)
3 Collapse

3.1 Causes

3.1.1 Malfeasance
3.1.2 Subprime Mortgage Crisis
3.1.3 Short-selling allegations


3.2 Bankruptcy
3.3 Liquidation

3.3.1 Barclays acquisition
3.3.2 Nomura acquisition
3.3.3 Sale of asset management businesses


3.4 Financial fallout
3.5 Ongoing litigation


4 Merger and acquisition history
5 Board of directors
6 Former officers
7 In popular culture
8 Principal locations (first year of occupancy)
9 See also
10 References
11 Further reading
12 External links



History[edit]
Under the Lehman family (1850–1969)[edit]
See also: Lehman family




Emanuel and Mayer Lehman


In 1844, 23-year-old Henry Lehman,[13] the son of a Jewish cattle merchant, immigrated to the United States from Rimpar, Bavaria.[14] He settled in Montgomery, Alabama,[13] where he opened a dry-goods store, "H. Lehman".[15] In 1847, following the arrival of his brother Emanuel Lehman, the firm became "H. Lehman and Bro."[16] With the arrival of their youngest brother, Mayer Lehman, in 1850, the firm changed its name again and "Lehman Brothers" was founded.[15][17]
During the 1850s, cotton was one of the most important crops in the United States. Capitalizing on cotton's high market value, the three brothers began to routinely accept raw cotton from customers as payment for merchandise, eventually beginning a second business trading in cotton. Within a few years this business grew to become the most significant part of their operation. Following Henry's death from yellow fever in 1855,[15][18] the remaining brothers continued to focus on their commodities-trading/brokerage operations.
By 1858, the center of cotton trading had shifted from the South to New York City, where factors and commission houses were based. Lehman opened its first branch office at 119 Liberty Street,[18] and 32-year-old Emanuel relocated there to run the office.[15] In 1862, facing difficulties as a result of the Civil War, the firm teamed up with a cotton merchant named John Durr to form Lehman, Durr & Co.[19][20] Following the war the company helped finance Alabama's reconstruction. The firm's headquarters were eventually moved to New York City, where it helped found the New York Cotton Exchange in 1870;[18][21] Emanuel sat on the board of governors until 1884. The firm also dealt in the emerging market for railroad bonds and entered the financial-advisory business.




Herbert H. Lehman
Official U.S. Senate Photo


Lehman became a member of the Coffee Exchange as early as 1883 and finally the New York Stock Exchange in 1887.[18][21] In 1899, it underwrote its first public offering, the preferred and common stock of the International Steam Pump Company.[22]
Despite the offering of International Steam, the firm's real shift from being a commodities house to a house of issue did not begin until 1906. In that year, under Emanuel's son Philip Lehman, the firm partnered with Goldman, Sachs & Co.,[23][24] to bring the General Cigar Co. to market,[25] followed closely by Sears, Roebuck and Company.[25] During the following two decades, almost one hundred new issues were underwritten by Lehman, many times in conjunction with Goldman, Sachs. Among these were F.W. Woolworth Company,[25][26] May Department Stores Company, Gimbel Brothers, Inc.,[27] R.H. Macy & Company,[27] The Studebaker Corporation,[26] the B.F. Goodrich Co. and Endicott Johnson Corporation.
Following Philip Lehman's retirement in 1925, his son Robert "Bobbie" Lehman took over as head of the firm. During Bobbie's tenure, the company weathered the capital crisis of the Great Depression by focusing on venture capital while the equities market recovered.
Traditionally a family-only partnership, in 1924, John M. Hancock became the first non-family member to join the firm,[23][28] followed by Monroe C. Gutman and Paul Mazur in 1927. By 1928, the firm moved to its now famous One William Street location.




Pete Peterson


In the 1930s, Lehman underwrote the initial public offering of the first television manufacturer, DuMont, and helped fund the Radio Corporation of America (RCA).[29] It also helped finance the rapidly growing oil industry, including the companies Halliburton and Kerr-McGee. In the 1950s, Lehman underwrote the IPO of Digital Equipment Corporation. Later, it arranged the acquisition of Digital by Compaq.
An evolving partnership (1969–1984)[edit]





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Robert Lehman died in 1969 after 44 years as the patriarch of the firm, leaving no member of the Lehman family actively involved with the partnership.[30] Robert's death, coupled with a lack of a clear successor from within the Lehman family left a void in the company. At the same time, Lehman was facing strong headwinds amidst the difficult economic environment of the early 1970s. By 1972, the firm was facing hard times and in 1973, Pete Peterson, chairman and chief executive officer of the Bell & Howell Corporation, was brought in to save the firm.[30]
Under Peterson's leadership as chairman and CEO, the firm acquired Abraham & Co. in 1975, and two years later merged with the venerable, but struggling, Kuhn, Loeb & Co.,[30] to form Lehman Brothers, Kuhn, Loeb Inc., the country's fourth-largest investment bank, behind Salomon Brothers, Goldman Sachs and First Boston.[31] Peterson led the firm from significant operating losses to five consecutive years of record profits with a return on equity among the highest in the investment-banking industry.
By the early 1980s, hostilities between the firm's investment bankers and traders (who were driving most of the firm's profits) prompted Peterson to promote Lewis Glucksman, the firm's President, COO and former trader, to be his co-CEO in May 1983. Glucksman introduced a number of changes that had the effect of increasing tensions, which when coupled with Glucksman’s management style and a downturn in the markets, resulted in a power struggle that ousted Peterson and left Glucksman as the sole CEO.[32]
Upset bankers who had soured over the power struggle, left the company. Stephen A. Schwarzman, chairman of the firm's M&A committee, recalled in a February 2003 interview with Private Equity International that "Lehman Brothers had an extremely competitive internal environment, which ultimately became dysfunctional." The company suffered under the disintegration, and Glucksman was pressured into selling the firm.
Merger with American Express (1984–1994)[edit]




Shearson Lehman/American Express Logo


Main article: Shearson Lehman Hutton
Shearson/American Express, an American Express-owned securities company focused on brokerage rather than investment banking, acquired Lehman in 1984, for $360 million. On May 11, the combined firms became Shearson Lehman/American Express.[32] In 1988, Shearson Lehman/American Express and E.F. Hutton & Co. merged as Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc.[33]
From 1983 to 1990, Peter A. Cohen was CEO and chairman of Shearson Lehman Brothers,[34] where he led the one billion dollar purchase of E.F. Hutton to form Shearson Lehman Hutton.[35] During this period, Shearson Lehman was aggressive in building its leveraged finance business in the model of rival Drexel Burnham Lambert. In 1989, Shearson backed F. Ross Johnson's management team in its attempted management buyout of RJR Nabisco but were ultimately outbid by private equity firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, who was backed by Drexel.
Divestment and independence (1994–2008)[edit]
In 1993, under newly appointed CEO, Harvey Golub, American Express began to divest itself of its banking and brokerage operations. It sold its retail brokerage and asset management operations to Primerica[36] and in 1994 it spun off Lehman Brothers Kuhn Loeb in an initial public offering, as Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc.[37]
Despite rumors that it would be acquired again, Lehman performed quite well under chairman and CEO Richard S. Fuld, Jr.. By 2008, Fuld had been with the company for 30 years, and would be the longest-tenured CEO on Wall Street. Fuld had steered Lehman through the 1997 Asian Financial Crisis, a period where the firm's share price dropped to $22 USD in 1998, but he was said to have underestimated the downturn in the US housing market and its effect on Lehman's mortgage bond underwriting business. Fuld kept his job as the subprime mortgage crisis took hold, while CEOs of rivals like Bear Stearns, Merrill Lynch, and Citigroup were forced to resign.[38] In addition, Lehman's board of directors, which included retired CEOs like Vodafone's Christopher Gent and IBM's John Akers were reluctant to challenge Fuld as the firm's share price spiraled lower.[38]
Fuld had a succession of "number twos" under him, usually titled as president and chief operating officer. Chris Pettit was Fuld's second-in-command for two decades until November 26, 1996, when he resigned as president and board member. Pettit lost a power struggle with his deputies (Steve Lessing, Tom Tucker, and Joseph M. Gregory) back on March 15 that year that caused him to relinquish its COO title, likely brought about after the three men found out about Pettit's extramarital affairs, which violated Fuld's unwritten rules on marriage and social etiquette. Bradley Jack and Joseph M. Gregory were appointed co-COOs in 2002, but Jack was demoted to the office of the chairman in May 2004 and departed in June 2005 with a severance package of $80 million, making Gregory the sole COO. While Fuld was considered the "face" of Lehman brothers, Gregory was in charge of day-to-day operations and he influenced culture to drive the bottom line.[39] Gregory was demoted on June 12, 2008 and replaced as president and COO by Bart McDade, who had been serving as head of Equities, and McDade would see Lehman through bankruptcy.[40][41] McDade would later be one of a handful of Lehman executives offered a position with Barclays after their acquisition; he would step down after less than two months.[42]
In 2001, the firm acquired the private-client services, or "PCS", business of Cowen & Co.[43] and later, in 2003, aggressively re-entered the asset-management business, which it had exited in 1989.[44] Beginning with $2 billion in assets under management, the firm acquired the Crossroads Group, the fixed-income division of Lincoln Capital Management[44] and Neuberger Berman.[45] These businesses, together with the PCS business and Lehman's private-equity business, comprised the Investment Management Division, which generated approximately $3.1 billion in net revenue and almost $800 million in pretax income in 2007. Prior to going bankrupt, the firm had in excess of $275 billion in assets under management. Altogether, since going public in 1994, the firm had increased net revenues over 600% from $2.73 billion to $19.2 billion and had increased employee headcount over 230% from 8,500 to almost 28,600.
At the 2008 ALB China Law Awards,[46] Lehman Brothers was crowned:

Deal of the Year – Debt Market Deal of the Year
Deal of the Year – Equity Market Deal of the Year

Response to September 11, 2001 attacks[edit]




The former New York City headquarters now owned by Barclays.


On September 11, 2001, Lehman occupied three floors of World Trade Center where one of its employees was killed in the terrorist attacks of that day. Its global headquarters in Three World Financial Center were severely damaged and rendered unusable by falling debris, displacing over 6,500 employees. The bank recovered quickly and rebuilt its presence. Trading operations moved across the Hudson River to its Jersey City, New Jersey, facilities, where an impromptu trading floor was built in a hotel and brought online less than forty-eight hours after the attacks. When stock markets reopened on September 17, 2001, Lehman's sales and trading capabilities were restored.
In the ensuing months, the firm fanned out its operations across the New York City metropolitan area in over 40 temporary locations. The investment-banking division converted the first-floor lounges, restaurants, and all 665 guestrooms of the Sheraton Manhattan Hotel into office space.[47]
The bank also experimented with flextime (to share office space) and telecommuting via virtual private networking. In October 2001, Lehman purchased a 32-story, 1,050,000-square-foot (98,000 m2) office building for a reported sum of $700 million. The building, located at 745 Seventh Avenue, had recently been completed, and not yet occupied, by rival Morgan Stanley.
With Morgan Stanley's world headquarters located only two blocks away at 1585 Broadway, in the wake of the attacks the firm was re-evaluating its office plans which would have put over 10,000 employees in the Times Square area of New York City. Lehman began moving into the new facility in January and finished in March 2002, a move that significantly boosted morale throughout the firm.[39]
The firm was criticized for not moving back to its former headquarters in lower Manhattan. Following the attacks, only Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, and Merrill Lynch, of the major firms, remained in the downtown area. Lehman, however, pointed to the facts that it was committed to stay in New York City, that the new headquarters represented an ideal circumstance where the firm was desperate to buy and Morgan Stanley was desperate to sell, that when the new building was purchased, the structural integrity of Three World Financial Center had not yet been given a clean bill of health, and that the company could not have waited until May 2002 for repairs to Three World Financial Center to conclude.
After the attacks, Lehman's management placed increased emphasis on business continuity planning. Unlike its rivals, the company was unusually concentrated for a bulge-bracket investment bank. For example, Morgan Stanley maintains a 750,000-square-foot (70,000 m2) trading-and-banking facility in Westchester County, New York. The trading floor of UBS is located in Stamford, Connecticut. Merrill Lynch's asset-management division is located in Plainsboro Township, New Jersey. Aside from its headquarters in Three World Financial Center, Lehman maintained operations-and-backoffice facilities in Jersey City, space that the firm considered leaving prior to 9/11. The space was not only retained, but expanded, including the construction of a backup-trading facility. In addition, telecommuting technology first rolled out in the days following the attacks to allow employees to work from home was expanded and enhanced for general use throughout the firm.[48]
June 2003 SEC litigation[edit]
In June 2003, the company was one of ten firms which simultaneously entered into a settlement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Office of the New York State Attorney General and various other securities regulators, regarding undue influence over each firm's research analysts by its investment-banking divisions. Specifically, regulators alleged that the firms had improperly associated analyst compensation with the firms' investment-banking revenues, and promised favorable, market-moving research coverage, in exchange for underwriting opportunities. The settlement, known as the "global settlement", provided for total financial penalties of $1.4 billion, including $80 million against Lehman, and structural reforms, including a complete separation of investment banking departments from research departments, no analyst compensation, directly or indirectly, from investment-banking revenues, and the provision of free, independent, third-party, research to the firms' clients.
Rise of Mortgage Origination-(1997-2006)[edit]
Lehman was one of the first Wall Street firms to move into the business of mortgage origination. In 1997, Lehman bought Colorado-based lender, Aurora Loan Services, an Alt-A lender. In 2000, to expand their mortgage origination pipeline, Lehman purchased West Coast subprime mortgage lender BNC Mortgage LLC. Lehman quickly became a force in the subprime market. By 2003 Lehman made $18.2 billion in loans and ranked third in lending. By 2004, this number topped $40 billion. By 2006, Aurora and BNC were lending almost $50 billion per month.[49] Lehman had morphed into a real estate hedge fund disguised as an investment bank.[50] By 2008, Lehman had assets of $680 billion supported by only $22.5 billion of firm capital. From an equity position, its risky commercial real estate holdings were three times greater than capital. In such a highly leveraged structure, a 3 to 5 percent decline in real estate values would wipeout all capital.
Collapse[edit]
Main article: Bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers
Causes[edit]
Malfeasance[edit]
A March 2010 report by the court-appointed examiner indicated that Lehman executives regularly used cosmetic accounting gimmicks at the end of each quarter to make its finances appear less shaky than they really were. This practice was a type of repurchase agreement that temporarily removed securities from the company's balance sheet. However, unlike typical repurchase agreements, these deals were described by Lehman as the outright sale of securities and created "a materially misleading picture of the firm’s financial condition in late 2007 and 2008."[51]
Subprime Mortgage Crisis[edit]
In August 2007 the firm closed its subprime lender, BNC Mortgage, eliminating 1,200 positions in 23 locations, and took an after-tax charge of $25 million and a $27 million reduction in goodwill. Lehman said that poor market conditions in the mortgage space "necessitated a substantial reduction in its resources and capacity in the subprime space".[52]
In 2008, Lehman faced an unprecedented loss to the continuing subprime mortgage crisis. Lehman's loss was a result of having held on to large positions in subprime and other lower-rated mortgage tranches when securitizing the underlying mortgages; whether Lehman did this because it was simply unable to sell the lower-rated bonds, or made a conscious decision to hold them, is unclear. In any event, huge losses accrued in lower-rated mortgage-backed securities throughout 2008. In the second fiscal quarter, Lehman reported losses of $2.8 billion and was forced to sell off $6 billion in assets.[53] In the first half of 2008 alone, Lehman stock lost 73% of its value as the credit market continued to tighten.[53] In August 2008, Lehman reported that it intended to release 6% of its work force, 1,500 people, just ahead of its third-quarter-reporting deadline in September.[53]
In September 2007, Joe Gregory appointed Erin Callan as CFO. On March 16, 2008, after rival Bear Stearns was taken over by JP Morgan Chase in a fire sale, market analysts suggested that Lehman would be the next major investment bank to fall. Callan fielded Lehman's first quarter conference call, where the firm posted a profit of $489 million, compared to Citigroup's $5.1 billion and Merrill Lynch's $1.97 billion losses which was Lehman’s 55th consecutive profitable quarter. The firm's stock price leapt 46 percent after that announcement.[39][54][55][56]
On June 9, 2008, Lehman Brothers announced US$2.8 billion second-quarter loss, its first since being spun off from American Express, as market volatility rendered many of its hedges ineffective during that time. Lehman also reported that it had raised a further $6 billion in capital. As a result, there was major management shakeup, in which Hugh "Skip" McGee III (head of investment banking) held a meeting with senior staff to strip Fuld and his lieutenants of their authority. Consequently, Joe Gregory agreed to resign as president and COO, and afterward he told Erin Callan that she had to resign as CFO. Callan was appointed CFO of Lehman in 2008 but served only for six months, before departing after her mentor Joe Gregory was demoted.[54][55][56] Bart McDade was named to succeed Gregory as president and COO, when several senior executives threatened to leave if he was not promoted. McDade took charge and brought back Michael Gelband and Alex Kirk, who had previously been pushed out of the firm by Gregory for not taking risks. Although Fuld remained CEO, he soon became isolated from McDade's team.[39][57]
On August 22, 2008, shares in Lehman closed up 5% (16% for the week) on reports that the state-controlled Korea Development Bank was considering buying the bank.[58] Most of those gains were quickly eroded as news came in that Korea Development Bank was "facing difficulties pleasing regulators and attracting partners for the deal."[59] It culminated on September 9, when Lehman's shares plunged 45% to $7.79, after it was reported that the state-run South Korean firm had put talks on hold.[60]
Investor confidence continued to erode as Lehman's stock lost roughly half its value and pushed the S&P 500 down 3.4% on September 9. The Dow Jones lost 300 points the same day on investors' concerns about the security of the bank.[61] The U.S. government did not announce any plans to assist with any possible financial crisis that emerged at Lehman.[62]
The next day, Lehman announced a loss of $3.9 billion and its intent to sell off a majority stake in its investment-management business, which includes Neuberger Berman.[63][64] The stock slid seven percent that day.[64][65] Lehman, after earlier rejecting questions on the sale of the company, was reportedly searching for a buyer as its stock price dropped another 40 percent on September 11, 2008.[65]
Just before the collapse of Lehman Brothers, executives at Neuberger Berman sent e-mail memos suggesting, among other things, that the Lehman Brothers' top people forgo multimillion-dollar bonuses to "send a strong message to both employees and investors that management is not shirking accountability for recent performance."[66]
Lehman Brothers Investment Management Director George Herbert Walker IV dismissed the proposal, going so far as to actually apologize to other members of the Lehman Brothers executive committee for the idea of bonus reduction having been suggested. He wrote, "Sorry team. I am not sure what's in the water at Neuberger Berman. I'm embarrassed and I apologize."[66]
Short-selling allegations[edit]
During hearings on the bankruptcy filing by Lehman Brothers and bailout of AIG before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform,[67] former Lehman Brothers CEO Richard Fuld said a host of factors including a crisis of confidence and naked short-selling attacks followed by false rumors contributed to both the collapse of Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers. House committee Chairman Henry Waxman said the committee received thousands of pages of internal documents from Lehman and these documents portray a company in which there was "no accountability for failure".[68][69][70]
An article by journalist Matt Taibbi in Rolling Stone contended that naked short selling contributed to the demise of both Lehman and Bear Stearns.[71] A study by finance researchers at the University of Oklahoma Price College of Business studied trading in financial stocks, including Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns, and found "no evidence that stock price declines were caused by naked short selling".[72]
Bankruptcy[edit]
On Saturday, September 13, 2008, Timothy F. Geithner, then the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, called a meeting on the future of Lehman, which included the possibility of an emergency liquidation of its assets.[73] Lehman reported that it had been in talks with Bank of America and Barclays for the company's possible sale; however, both Barclays and Bank of America ultimately declined to purchase the entire company, in the former case because the British government (in particular, the Chancellor of the Exchequer Alastair Darling and the CEO of the Financial Services Authority Hector Sants) refused to allow the transaction at the last minute, quoting stockholder regulations in the UK, despite a deal having apparently been completed.[73][74]
The next day, Sunday, September 14, the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) offered an exceptional trading session to allow market participants to offset positions in various derivatives on the condition of a Lehman bankruptcy later that day.[75] Although the bankruptcy filing missed the deadline, many dealers honored the trades they made in the special session.[76]




Lehman Brothers headquarters in New York City on September 15, 2008


Shortly before 1 am Monday morning (UTC−5), Lehman Brothers Holdings announced it would file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection[77] citing bank debt of $613 billion, $155 billion in bond debt, and assets worth $639 billion.[78] It further announced that its subsidiaries would continue to operate as normal.[77] A group of Wall Street firms agreed to provide capital and financial assistance for the bank's orderly liquidation and the Federal Reserve, in turn, agreed to a swap of lower-quality assets in exchange for loans and other assistance from the government.[79] The morning witnessed scenes of Lehman employees removing files, items with the company logo, and other belongings from the world headquarters at 745 Seventh Avenue. The spectacle continued throughout the day and into the following day.
Later that day, the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) suspended Lehman's Australian subsidiary as a market participant after clearing-houses terminated contracts with the firm.[80] Lehman shares tumbled over 90% on September 15, 2008.[81][82] The Dow Jones closed down just over 500 points on September 15, 2008, which was at the time the largest drop in a single day since the days following the attacks on September 11, 2001.[83]
In the United Kingdom, the investment bank went into administration with PricewaterhouseCoopers appointed as administrators.[84] In Japan, the Japanese branch, Lehman Brothers Japan Inc., and its holding company filed for civil reorganization on September 16, 2008, in Tokyo District Court.[85] On September 17, 2008, the New York Stock Exchange delisted Lehman Brothers.[86]
On March 16, 2011 some three years after filing for bankruptcy and following a filing in a Manhattan U.S. bankruptcy court, Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc announced it would seek creditor approval of its reorganization plan by October 14 followed by a confirmation hearing to follow on November 17.[87][88]
Liquidation[edit]
Barclays acquisition[edit]
On September 16, 2008, Barclays PLC announced that they would acquire a "stripped clean" portion of Lehman for $1.75 billion, including most of Lehman's North America operations.[8][89] On September 20, 2008, a revised version of the deal, a $1.35 billion (£700 million) plan for Barclays to acquire the core business of Lehman (mainly its $960-million headquarters, a 38-story office building[90] in Midtown Manhattan, with responsibility for 9,000 former employees), was approved.[91][92] Manhattan court bankruptcy Judge James Peck, after a 7-hour hearing, ruled: "I have to approve this transaction because it is the only available transaction. Lehman Brothers became a victim, in effect the only true icon to fall in a tsunami that has befallen the credit markets. This is the most momentous bankruptcy hearing I've ever sat through. It can never be deemed precedent for future cases. It's hard for me to imagine a similar emergency."[93]
Luc Despins, then a partner at Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy, the creditors committee counsel, said: "The reason we're not objecting is really based on the lack of a viable alternative. We did not support the transaction because there had not been enough time to properly review it."[citation needed] In the amended agreement, Barclays would absorb $47.4 billion in securities and assume $45.5 billion in trading liabilities. Lehman's attorney Harvey R. Miller of Weil, Gotshal & Manges, said "the purchase price for the real estate components of the deal would be $1.29 billion, including $960 million for Lehman's New York headquarters and $330 million for two New Jersey data centers. Lehman's original estimate valued its headquarters at $1.02 billion but an appraisal from CB Richard Ellis this week valued it at $900 million."[citation needed] Further, Barclays will not acquire Lehman's Eagle Energy unit, but will have entities known as Lehman Brothers Canada Inc, Lehman Brothers Sudamerica, Lehman Brothers Uruguay and its Private Investment Management business for high-net-worth individuals. Finally, Lehman will retain $20 billion of securities assets in Lehman Brothers Inc that are not being transferred to Barclays.[94] Barclays acquired a potential liability of $2.5 billion to be paid as severance, if it chooses not to retain some Lehman employees beyond the guaranteed 90 days.[95][96]
Nomura acquisition[edit]
Nomura Holdings, Japan's top brokerage firm, agreed to buy the Asian division of Lehman Brothers for $225 million and parts of the European division for a nominal fee of $2.[97][98] It would not take on any trading assets or liabilities in the European units. Nomura negotiated such a low price because it acquired only Lehman's employees in the regions, and not its stocks, bonds or other assets. The last Lehman Brothers Annual Report identified that these non-US subsidiaries of Lehman Brothers were responsible for over 50% of global revenue produced.[99]
Sale of asset management businesses[edit]
On September 29, 2008, Lehman agreed to sell Neuberger Berman, part of its investment management business, to a pair of private-equity firms, Bain Capital Partners and Hellman & Friedman, for $2.15 billion.[100] The transaction was expected to close in early 2009, subject to approval by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court,[101] but a competing bid was entered by the firm's management, who ultimately prevailed in a bankruptcy auction on December 3, 2008. Creditors of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. retain a 49% common equity interest in the firm, now known as Neuberger Berman Group LLC.[102] In Europe, the Quantitative Asset Management Business has been acquired back by its employees on November 13, 2008 and has been renamed back to TOBAM.
Financial fallout[edit]
Lehman's bankruptcy was the largest failure of an investment bank since Drexel Burnham Lambert collapsed amid fraud allegations 18 years prior.[79] Immediately following the bankruptcy filing, an already distressed financial market began a period of extreme volatility, during which the Dow experienced its largest one day point loss, largest intra-day range (more than 1,000 points) and largest daily point gain. What followed was what many have called the "perfect storm" of economic distress factors and eventually a $700bn bailout package (Troubled Asset Relief Program) prepared by Henry Paulson, Secretary of the Treasury, and approved by Congress. The Dow eventually closed at a new six-year low of 7,552.29 on November 20, followed by a further drop to 6626 by March of the next year. Durvexity spiked, due to funding issues at the major investment banks.[103]
The fall of Lehman also had a strong effect on small private investors such as bond holders and holders of so-called Minibonds. In Germany structured products, often based on an index, were sold mostly to private investors, elderly, retired persons, students and families. Most of those now worthless derivatives were sold by the German arm of Citigroup, the German Citibank now owned by Crédit Mutuel.
Ongoing litigation[edit]
On March 11, 2010, Anton R. Valukas, a court-appointed examiner, published the results of its year-long investigation into the finances of Lehman Brothers.[104] This report revealed that Lehman Brothers used an accounting procedure termed repo 105 to temporarily exchange $50 billion of assets into cash just before publishing its financial statements.[105] The action could be seen to implicate both Ernst & Young, the bank's accountancy firm and Richard S. Fuld, Jr, the former CEO.[106] This could potentially lead to Ernst & Young being found guilty of financial malpractice and Fuld facing time in prison.[107]
According to The Wall Street Journal, in March 2011, the SEC announced that they weren't confident that they could prove that Lehman Brothers violated US laws in its accounting practices.[108]
In October 2011 the administrators of Lehman Brothers Holding Inc. lost their appeal to overturn a court order forcing them to pay £148 million into their underfunded pensions plan.[109]
As of January 2016, Lehman has already paid more than $105 billion to its unsecured creditors. In addition, JPMorgan will pay $1.42 billion in cash to settle a lawsuit accusing JPMorgan of draining Lehman Brothers liquidity right before the crash. The settlement would permit another $1.496 to be paid to creditors and a separate $76 million deposit.[110]
Merger and acquisition history[edit]
The following is an illustration of the company's major mergers and acquisitions and historical predecessors (this is not a comprehensive list):[111]


Lehman Brothers
(1994, spun off by American Express;
2008, bankrupt – see Bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers)




Shearson Lehman Hutton
(merged 1988)



Shearson Lehman Brothers
(merged 1984)



Shearson/American Express
(merged 1981)





American Express
(est. 1850)






Shearson Loeb Rhoades
(acquired 1981)



Shearson Hayden Stone
(merged 1973)



Hayden Stone, Inc. (formerly CBWL-Hayden Stone, merged 1970)





Cogan, Berlind, Weill & Levitt
(formerly Carter, Berlind, Potoma & Weill, est. 1960)








Hayden, Stone & Co.














Shearson, Hammill & Co.
(est. 1902)












Loeb, Rhoades, Hornblower & Co.
(merged 1978)



Loeb, Rhoades & Co.
(merged 1937)





Carl M. Loeb & Co.
(est. 1931)








Rhoades & Company
(est. 1905)












Hornblower, Weeks, Noyes & Trask
(merged 1953–1977)





Hornblower & Weeks
(est. 1888)








Hemphill, Noyes & Co.
(est. 1919, acq. 1963)








Spencer Trask & Co.
(est. 1866 as Trask & Brown)








Paul H. Davis & Co.
(est. 1920, acq. 1953)






























Lehman Brothers Kuhn Loeb
(merged 1977)



Lehman Brothers
(merged 1975)





Abraham & Co.
(est. 1938)








Lehman Brothers
(est. 1850)














Kuhn, Loeb & Co.
(est. 1867)




















E. F. Hutton & Co.
(est. 1904)














Neuberger Berman
(est. 1939, acq. 2003,
sold to management 2009)








Crossroads Group
(est. 1981, acq. 2003)












Board of directors[edit]

Richard S. Fuld, Jr., chairman and chief executive officer[112]
Michael L. Ainslie[112]
John F. Akers[112]
Roger S. Berlind[112]
Thomas Cruikshank[112]
Marsha Johnson Evans[112]
Sir Christopher Gent[112]
Roland A. Hernandez [112]
Dr. Henry Kaufman[112]
John D. Macomber[112]

Former officers[edit]

Richard S. Fuld, Jr.
Tom Russo
Scott J. Freidheim
Bart McDade
Joe Gregory
Ian Lowitt, chief financial officer at the time of Lehman's collapse
Jessie Bhattal
Jeremy Isaacs (not Sir Jeremy Isaacs, the British television producer and executive)
Hugh McGee
George Herbert Walker IV
Michael Gelband

In popular culture[edit]
The events of the weekend leading up to Lehman's bankruptcy were dramatized in The Last Days of Lehman Brothers, a 2009 British-made television film.
In the 2010 animated film Despicable Me, Lehman Brothers is referenced near the beginning. The main character Gru travels to the Bank of Evil, the bank that funds all evil plots for villains around the world, to try to take out a loan. As he passes under the banner with the bank's name, and under "Bank of Evil", in small letters, it reads, "Formerly Lehman Brothers".[113]
The 2011 American independent drama film Margin Call focuses on the events of a 24-hour period at a large investment bank based on amalgam of large investment banks, drawing heavily from the culture of Lehman Brothers. (However, the events in the movie are primarily a depiction of the actions of Goldman Sachs.)
In the 2011 comedy American film Horrible Bosses, Kenny Sommerfeld mentioned that he is a Yale graduate who worked for Lehman Brothers. He was earning a high six-figure salary, but is now unable to buy even basic necessities and lives in poverty.
The 2011 HBO movie Too Big to Fail recounted the days before Lehman Brothers declared bankruptcy and the fallout afterward.
The fall of Lehman Brothers is depicted in the 2015 movie The Big Short (film) where two of the characters walk around the Lehman Brothers offices after the bankruptcy to see the main trading floor.
Lehman Brothers is parodied in the 2016 Disney animated film Zootopia, which depicts a financial firm called "Lemming Brothers", staffed by lemmings.
Principal locations (first year of occupancy)[edit]

17 Court Square, Montgomery, Alabama (1847)*[114]
119 Liberty Street, New York, NY (1858)[114]
176 Fulton Street, New York, NY (1865–1866?)[21][114]
133–35 Pearl Street, New York, NY (1867)[21][114]
40 Exchange Place, New York, NY (1876)[21][114]
16 William Street, New York, NY (1892)[114]
One William Street, New York, NY (1928) **[114]
55 Water Street (1980) ***[115]
3 World Financial Center (1985)[116]
745 Seventh Avenue, New York, NY (2002)[117]

* Henry Lehman established his first store location on Commerce Street, in Montgomery, in 1845. In 1848, one year after Emanuel's arrival, the brothers moved "H. Lehman & Bro." to 17 Court Square, where it remained when Mayer arrived in 1850, forming "Lehman Brothers".
** Designated as a landmark by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Committee in 1996.
*** Sales and trading personnel had been in this location since 1977, when they were joined by the firm's investment bankers and brokers.
See also[edit]


Companies portal



MF Global, the largest Wall Street firm to collapse since the Lehman Brothers debacle in September 2008.
Valukas Report on the failure of Lehman

References[edit]


^ "History of the Lehman Brothers". Harvard University Library-Lehman Brothers Collection. Retrieved 2010-12-01. 
^ Melvyn Dubofsky (2013). The Oxford Encyclopedia of American Business, Labor, and Economic History. Oxford University Press. pp. 470–. ISBN 978-0-19-973881-6. 
^ Michael P. Malloy (2010). Anatomy of a Meltdown: A Dual Financial Biography of the Subprime Mortgage Crisis. Wolters Kluwer Law & Business. ISBN 978-0-7355-9458-6. 
^ Asli Yüksel Mermod; Samuel O. Idowu (29 August 2013). Corporate Social Responsibility in the Global Business World. Springer Science & Business Media. pp. 124–. ISBN 978-3-642-37620-7. 
^ Williams, Mark (April 12, 2010). Uncontrolled Risk. McGraw-Hill Education. ISBN 978-0071638296. 
^ Mamudi, Sam (September 15, 2005). "Lehman folds with record $613 billion debt". Marketwatch. 
^ Williams, Mark (April 12, 2010). Uncontrolled Risk. McGraw-Hill Education. p. 178. ISBN 978-0071638296. 
^ a b "Barclays announces agreement to acquire Lehman Brothers North American investment banking and capital markets businesses" (Press release). Barclays PLC. September 17, 2008. Archived from the original on December 13, 2013. Retrieved 2008-09-17. 
^ "Barclays buys core Lehman assets". BBC News. September 17, 2008. 
^ "Judge approves $1.3 billion Lehman deal". BBC News. September 20, 2008. 
^ "Nomura to acquire Lehman Brothers' Asia Pacific franchise" (Press release). Nomura Holdings. September 22, 2008. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ "Nomura to close acquisition of Lehman Brothers' Europe and Middle East investment banking and equities businesses on October 13" (Press release). Nomura Holdings. October 6, 2008. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 49
^ Bernhard, William, L., Birge, June Rossbach Bingham, Loeb, John L., Jr.. Lots of Lehmans – The Family of Mayer Lehman of Lehman Brothers, Remembered by His Descendants. Center For Jewish History, 2007, page 1
^ a b c d Wechsberg, Joseph. The Merchant Bankers. Pocket Books, 1966, page 233
^ Bernhard, William, L., Birge, June Rossbach Bingham, Loeb, John L., Jr.. Lots of Lehmans – The Family of Mayer Lehman of Lehman Brothers, Remembered by His Descendants. Center For Jewish History, 2007, page 5
^ Birmingham, Stephen. Our Crowd: The Great Jewish Families of New York. Harper and Row, 1967, page 47
^ a b c d Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 50
^ Birmingham, Stephen. Our Crowd: The Great Jewish Families of New York. Harper and Row, 1967, page 77
^ Bernhard, William, L., Birge, June Rossbach Bingham, Loeb, John L., Jr.. Lots of Lehmans – The Family of Mayer Lehman of Lehman Brothers, Remembered by His Descendants. Center For Jewish History, 2007, page 8
^ a b c d e Wechsberg, Joseph. The Merchant Bankers. Pocket Books, 1966, page 235
^ Swaine, Robert T. (1946). The Cravath Firm and Its Predecessors, 1819-1947. The Lawbook Exchange, Ltd. p. 633. ISBN 978-1-58477-713-7. Retrieved June 3, 2014. 
^ a b Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 51
^ Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 285
^ a b c Wechsberg, Joseph. The Merchant Bankers. Pocket Books, 1966, page 238
^ a b Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 53
^ a b Wechsberg, Joseph. The Merchant Bankers. Pocket Books, 1966, page 241
^ "John M. Hancock Papers". University of North Dakota. Archived from the original on 2007-02-10. Retrieved 2008-09-14. 
^ Ingham, John N. (1983). Biographical Dictionary of American Business Leaders. Greenwood Publishing Group. ISBN 9780313213625. Retrieved 2008-09-14. 
^ a b c Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 77[dead link]
^ Sloane, Leonard (November 29, 1977). "Lehman and Kuhn Loeb to Merge; Lehman Brothers and Kuhn Loeb Sign Agreement to Merge December 16". The New York Times. 
^ a b Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 78
^ Cole, Robert J. (December 4, 1987). "Company News – Hutton-Shearson Deal Announced". The New York Times. 
^ "Profile: Peter A. Cohen". Forbes. forbes.com. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ "Shearson Lehman Buying out E.F. Hutton – Rights Managed". Pro.corbis.com. Retrieved 2010-10-16. [permanent dead link]
^ Quint, Michael (March 13, 1993). "Primerica Will Buy Shearson for $1 billion". The New York Times. 
^ Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 79
^ a b Christian Plumb and Dan Wilchins (September 14, 2008). "Lehman CEO Fuld's hubris contributed to meltdown". Reuters. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b c d "Print Page". Nymag.com. Retrieved 2013-10-07. 
^ Ward, Vicky (October 20, 2009). "Business: Lehman's Desperate Housewives &#124". Vanity Fair. VanityFair.com. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ Truell, Peter (November 27, 1996). "Pettit Resigns as President Of Lehman Brothers Firm". The New York Times. 
^ White, Ben; de la Merced, Michael J. (October 31, 2008). "McDade to Leave Barclays Capital". The New York Times. 
^ Charles Gasparino (July 18, 2000). "Lehman Brothers to take over SG Cowen's brokerage division". The Financial Express. Archived from the original on May 14, 2013. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b Christine Williamson. "Back Again: Lehman returns to institutional management with Lincoln deal; Purchase of fixed-income business ends 13-year absence". Pensions & Investments. Goliath. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Thomas, Landon, Jr. (July 23, 2003). "Market Place; Lehman to Buy Neuberger Berman For $2.6 Billion". The New York Times. 
^ "Legalbusinessonline.com.au". Legalbusinessonline.com.au. September 19, 2011. Retrieved 2011-11-02. [dead link]
^ Bill Egbert (September 19, 2001). "Lehman Checks into Sheraton". Daily News. nydailynews.com. Archived from the original on May 14, 2012. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ "Cast Study: Lehman Brothers" (PDF). Citrix.com. 2003. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2012-11-24. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Williams, Mark (April 12, 2010). Uncontrolled Risk. McGraw-Hill Education. p. 129. ISBN 978-0071638296. 
^ Williams, Mark (April 12, 2010). Uncontrolled Risk. McGraw-Hill Education. p. 135. ISBN 978-0071638296. 
^ Mark Trumbull (March 12, 2010). "Lehman Bros. used accounting trick amid financial crisis – and earlier". The Christian Science Monitor. csmonitor.com. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Kulikowski, Laura (August 22, 2007). "Lehman Brothers Amputates Mortgage Arm". TheStreet.com. Retrieved 2008-03-18. 
^ a b c Anderson, Jenny; Dash, Eric (August 29, 2008). "Struggling Lehman Plans to Lay Off 1,500". The New York Times. 
^ a b Katie Benner (September 26, 2008). "I was lucky to get out". Fortune. CNNmoney. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b "Sexist Language". NPR Ombudsman. June 20, 2008. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b Sellers, Patricia (March 8, 2010). "The Fall of a Wall Street Highflier". Fortune. CNNmoney. Archived from the original on December 9, 2011. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Onaran, Yalman; Helyar, John (December 31, 2008). "The fall of Lehman Bros - Part 4". The New Zealand Herald. 
^ Anderson, Jenny; Thomas, Landon, Jr. (August 22, 2008). "Lehman’s Shares Gain on Signs of Raising Capital". The New York Times. 
^ Morcroft, Greg (September 4, 2008). "Financials slip as Korea snags weigh on Lehman and Merrill". MarketWatch. 
^ Association of Funding Professionals (September 9, 2008). "Lehman Brothers in freefall as hopes fade for new capital". Google News. Archived from the original on April 21, 2009. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ "Dow plunges nearly 300 points on concern about Lehman". Times-Picayune. New Orleans. September 9, 2008. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Anderson, Jenny (September 9, 2008). "Wall Street’s Fears on Lehman Bros. Batter Markets". The New York Times. 
^ White, Ben (September 10, 2008). "Lehman Sees $3.9 billion Loss and Plans to Shed Assets". The New York Times. 
^ a b Bruno, Joe Bel (September 10, 2008). "Lehman shares slip on plans to auction off unit, consider sale of company". The Seattle Times. Associated Press. 
^ a b Anderson, Jenny; Sorkin, Andrew Ross (September 11, 2008). "As Pressure Builds, Lehman Said to Be Looking for a Buyer". The New York Times. 
^ a b Fitzgerald, Patrick (September 9, 2009). "Fund Manager Wants $12.3 Million from Lehman". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Statement of Richard S. Fuld, Jr. before the United States House of Representatives Committee on Oversight and Government Reform" (PDF). US House. October 6, 2008. Archived from the original (PDF) on September 16, 2012. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Smith, Aaron (October 6, 2008). "Fuld blames 'crisis of confidence'". CNNmoney. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Moore, Heidi N. (October 7, 2008). "Dick Fuld's Vendetta Against Short-Sellers—and Goldman Sachs". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Richard Fuld's Statement To The Congressional Committee (In Full)". News.hereisthecity.com. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ Taibbi, Matt (October 2009). "Wall Street's Naked Swindle". Rolling Stone. Retrieved 2009-10-15. 
^ Veljko Fotak, Vikas Raman and Pradeep K. Yadav (May 22, 2009). "Naked Short Selling: The Emperor`s New Clothes?" (PDF). Centre for Financial Research, University of Cologne. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b Anderson, Jenny; Dash, Eric; Bajaj, Vikas; Andrews, Edmund (September 13, 2008). "U.S. Gives Banks Urgent Warning to Solve Crisis". The New York Times. 
^ White, Ben; Anderson, Jenny (September 14, 2008). "Lehman Heads Toward Brink as Barclays Ends Talks". The New York Times. 
^ "Lehman Risk Reduction Trading Session and Protocol Agreement" (Press release). ISDA. September 14, 2008. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Jane Baird (September 15, 2008). "CDS dealers honour trades to cut Lehman risk". Reuters. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b "Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. Announces It Intends to File Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Petition" (PDF). Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. September 15, 2008. Retrieved 2008-09-15. 
^ Mamudi, Sam (September 15, 2008). "Lehman folds with record $613 billion debt". MarketWatch. 
^ a b Sorkin, Andrew Ross (September 15, 2008). "In Frantic Day, Wall Street Banks Teeter". The New York Times. 
^ "ASX suspends Lehman Brothers". The Australian. September 15, 2008. Retrieved 2008-09-15. 
^ Kennedy, Siman; Morcroft, Greg (September 15, 2010). "Lehman failure, AIG struggle drive financials lower". MarketWatch. 
^ AFP (September 15, 2008). "afp.google.com, Lehman bankruptcy shakes world financial system". Google. Archived from the original on March 5, 2012. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ Grynbaum, Michael (September 15, 2008). "Wall St.’s Turmoil Sends Stocks Reeling". The New York Times. 
^ "Lehman Bros files for bankruptcy". BBC News. September 15, 2008. 
^ "Lehman Bros files for Civil Reorganization Law". Yomiuri Online. September 16, 2008. Archived from the original on September 16, 2008. Retrieved 2008-09-16. 
^ "NYSE to Suspend Trading in Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc. and Related Securities listed on NYSE and NYSE Arca; Moves to Remove from the List" (Press release). NYSE Euronext. September 17, 2008. Archived from the original on September 21, 2008. Retrieved 2008-09-18. 
^ "Lehman targets November 17 to win bankruptcy plan OK". Reuters. March 16, 2011. 
^ Greece lost a huge amount of money from deposits in Lehman Brothers.
^ Smith, Randall; Gullapalli, Diya; Mccracken, Jeffrey (17 September 2008). "Lehman, Workers Score Reprieve". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Emporis GmbH. "Lehman Brothers Building, New York City, U.S.A.". Emporis.com. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ "US judge approves Lehman's asset sale to Barclays". Reuters/Forbes. September 20, 2008. Retrieved 2008-09-20. [dead link]
^ "Judge approves .3bn Lehman deal". BBC News. September 20, 2008. 
^ "Judge approves $1.3bn Lehman deal". BBC News. September 20, 2008. 
^ Chasan, Emily (September 20, 2008). "reuters.com, Judge approves Lehman, Barclays pact". Reuters. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5hHts3gSHE_WcIZt-IgZWwYpgmeewD93ABG080. Retrieved September 20, 2008.  Missing or empty |title= (help)[dead link]
^ [1] Archived 21 September 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Nomura paying two dollars for Lehman's Europe ops: report Archived 2008-09-29 at the Wayback Machine., AFP, September 25, 2008
^ Nomura Buys Lehman's Europe Banking, Equities Units, Bloomberg, September 23, 2008
^ "Lehman Brothers 2007 Annual Report". [permanent dead link]
^ Durchslag, Adam (October 1, 2008) "Bain and Hellman secure Neuberger: private equity houses Bain Capital and Hellman & Friedman acquire Neuberger Berman from Lehman for US$2.15bn" Acquisitions Monthly from Access My Library
^ Money.cnn.com Archived 30 September 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ De, Michael J. (December 3, 2008). "Managers Win Auction for a Part of Lehman". The New York Times. 
^ Suresh Goel, "Crisis Management", Global India Publications Pvt Ltd, 2009, p. 125. Retrieved 2012-09-05
^ "Examiner’s Report – Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. Chapter 11 Proceedings". Lehmanreport.jenner.com. Archived from the original on 2011-11-15. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ "Lehman file rocks Wall Street". Financial Times. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ Frean, Alexandra (March 13, 2010). "Linklaters and Ernst and Young face action over Lehman Brothers collapse". The Times. London. Retrieved 2010-05-07. 
^ Clark, Andrew (March 12, 2010). "Could Lehman's Dick Fuld end up behind bars?". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 2010-05-07. 
^ Eaglesham, Jean; Rappaport, Liz (March 12, 2011). "Lehman Probe Stalls; Chance of No Charges". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Chellel, Kit (October 15, 2011). "Lehman, Nortel lose $3.5B pension appeal". Ottawacitizen.com. Retrieved 2011-11-02. 
^ "JPMorgan to pay $1.42 billion cash to settle most Lehman claims". Reuters. 2017-01-26. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ "Salomon Smith Barney" from Gambee, Robert. Wall Street. W. W. Norton & Company, 1999. p.73
^ a b c d e f g h i j "Board of Directors". Lehman Brothers. Archived from the original on October 1, 2001. Retrieved 2008-09-14. 
^ Corliss, Richard (July 9, 2010). "Despicable Me: It's Pickable!". Time.com. TIME Magazine. Retrieved August 25, 2015. 
^ a b c d e f g Lehman Brothers. A Centennial – Lehman Brothers 1850–1950. Spiral Press, 1950, pages 62–63
^ Crittenden, Ann (December 20, 1980). "Lehman's Office Move Marks End of an Aura; Lehman Leaves One William Street 'The Place Is a Pigsty' High Return on Capital". The New York Times. 
^ Salmans, Sandra (October 19, 1985). "At Last, Shearson Makes Its Move". 
^ "Lehman Brothers to Remain in New York with Purchase of Morgan Stanley's New Office Tower". Findarticles.com. October 8, 2001. Archived from the original on June 7, 2009. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 


Further reading[edit]

Auletta, Ken. Greed and Glory on Wall Street: The Fall of the House of Lehman. Random House, 1985
Bernhard, William, L., Birge, June Rossbach Bingham, Loeb, John L., Jr. Lots of Lehmans: The Family of Mayer Lehman of Lehman Brothers, Remembered by His Descendants. Center for Jewish History, 2007.
Birmingham, Stephen. Our Crowd: The Great Jewish Families of New York. Harper and Row, 1967.
Dillian, Jared, Street Freak: Money and Madness at Lehman Brothers: A Memoir, New York: Simon and Schuster, September 13, 2011. ISBN 978-1-4391-8126-3
Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997
Shirkhedkar, Jayant. Saving Lehman, One person at a time. McGraw-Hill, 2007
Lehman Brothers. A Centennial – Lehman Brothers 1850–1950. Spiral Press, 1950
Schack, Justin (May 2005). "Restoring the House of Lehman". Institutional Investor, p. 24–32.
Wechsberg, Joseph. The Merchant Bankers. Pocket Books, 1968
Nocera, Joe (September 11, 2009). "Lehman Had to Die So Global Finance Could Live". The New York Times. 
Lawrence, G. McDonald. (2009) A Colossal Failure of Common Sense: The Inside Story of the Collapse of Lehman Brothers. Crown Business
Sorkin, A. Ross (2009). Too Big to Fail: The Inside Story of How Wall Street and Washington Fought to Save the Financial System—and Themselves. Viking Adult
Kane and Stollery (2013). "Lessons learned: an exchange of views".

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Lehman Brothers.



Why Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns Collapsed
Lehman Brothers case study – KPMG China
crisis-lehman – Lehman Brothers in Spain
Lehman Brothers bankruptcy site linked to from Lehman Brothers' home page
Melse, E. (2009-10-28), TEMA analysis of Lehman Brothers – Video in Dutch. Masterclass
The Lehman Brothers Treasure Trove – slideshow by Life magazine
What did the Lehman Brothers implosion look like to a techie?, The Register
BBC: The Love of Money, The Bank That Bust the World
Bloomberg: Lehman Files Biggest Bankruptcy Case as Suitors Balk
Lehman Brothers Records at Baker Library Historical Collections, Harvard Business School
Barclays Group Archives: Lehman Brothers







v
t
e


Lehman family



Founding generation of Lehman Brothers



Henry Lehman
Emanuel Lehman
Mayer Lehman





Other notable family members



Arthur Altschul
Helen Lehman Buttenwieser
Herbert H. Lehman
Irving Lehman
Philip Lehman
Robert Lehman
John Langeloth Loeb Jr.





Financial firms



Lehman Brothers












v
t
e


Great Recession



By region



Africa
Americas

United States
South America


Asia
Europe
Oceania





United States-specific



Automotive industry crisis
California budget crisis
Housing bubble
Housing market correction
Subprime mortgage crisis





Banking losses and fraud



Anglo Irish Bank hidden loans controversy
Libor scandal

Tom Hayes


Société Générale trading loss
Forex scandal
Seán FitzPatrick
Bernard Madoff
Tom Petters
Scott W. Rothstein
Allen Stanford





Government entities



Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Home Loan Banks
Federal Housing Administration
Federal Housing Finance Agency
Federal Housing Finance Board
Federal Reserve System
Government National Mortgage Association
Irish Bank Resolution Corporation
National Asset Management Agency
Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight
Office of Financial Stability
UK Financial Investments










Government policy and spending responses



Banking and finance
stability and reform



Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Act 2009
Banking (Special Provisions) Act 2008
China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit
Commercial Paper Funding Facility
Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008
Irish emergency budget, 2009
Irish budget, 2010
Irish budget, 2011
Irish budget, 2012
Irish budget, 2013
Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program
Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility
Troubled Asset Relief Program
2008 United Kingdom bank rescue package




Bank stress tests



EU
U.S.








Stimulus and recovery



2008 European Union stimulus plan
2008–09 Keynesian resurgence
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Chinese economic stimulus program
Economic Stimulus Act of 2008
Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009
Green New Deal
Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008
National fiscal policy response to the Great Recession
Zero interest-rate policy





Government interventions,
rescues, and acquisitions



List of banks acquired or bankrupted during the Great Recession




Non-banking



Chrysler
General Motors











Securities involved
and financial markets



Auction rate securities
Collateralized debt obligations
Collateralized mortgage obligations
Credit default swaps
Mortgage-backed securities
Secondary mortgage market





Social responses



Tea Party protests (United States; c. 2009)
May Day protests (Europe, Middle East and North Africa, Asia; 2009)
Occupy movement (worldwide)





Related topics



2000s energy crisis

Central Asia: 2008


Effects on museums
Decline of newspapers
World food price crisis








European debt crisis
Financial crisis of 2007–08
List of countries by public debt












v
t
e


Barclays



Division and subsidiaries



Barclays Africa
Barclays Canada
Barclaycard
Barclays Investment Bank
Barclays Wealth





Historical components
and acquisitions



Backhouse's Bank
Barclays Private Equity
Crossroads Group
FirstCaribbean International Bank
Gurney's Bank
Juniper Bank
Kuhn, Loeb & Co.
Martins Bank
Lehman Brothers
Lock, Hulme & Co.
London Provincial and South Western Bank
The Woolwich





Corporate Directors



John McFarlane (Chairman)
Sir Gerry Grimstone (Deputy Chairman)
Jes Staley (Group Chief Executive)
Chris Lucas
David Booth
Alison Carnwath
Fulvio Conti
Simon Fraser
Reuben Jeffery III
Sir Andrew Likierman
Dambisa Moyo
Sir John Sunderland





Other



One Churchill Place








 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


American Express



Payment products



Accolades Cards
Charge cards
Credit cards
ExpressPay
Traveler's cheques
Centurion Card
Plum Card





Spun-off companies



Ameriprise Financial
First Data Corp.
Lehman Brothers
Merchants Despatch
Railway Express Agency
Warner-Amex Satellite Entertainment





Notable current and former executives



Henry Wells
William Fargo
J. C. Fargo
Howard L. Clark Sr.
Ralph Reed
James D. Robinson III
Louis V. Gerstner Jr.
Sanford I. Weill
Harvey Golub
Kenneth Chenault
Gary Crittenden





Corporate directors



Kenneth Chenault (Chairman)
Daniel Akerson
Charlene Barshefsky
Ursula Burns
Peter Chernin
Vernon Jordan Jr.
Jan Leschly
Rick Levin
Edward D. Miller
Frank Popoff
Robert D. Walter
Ron Williams





Other



The Adventures of Seinfeld & Superman
American Express Incentive Services
Salad Oil Scandal
World Monuments Watch
65 Broadway
Falmer Stadium (The American Express Community Stadium)
Small Business Saturday
Three World Financial Center









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 151279667
LCCN: n81066329
ISNI: 0000 0001 0153 6630










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Lehman_Brothers&oldid=788549929"					
Categories: 1850 establishments in the United StatesBank failures in the United StatesSystemic riskBanks based in New York CityBanks established in 1850Banks disestablished in 2008BarclaysCompanies delisted from the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 2008Defunct financial services companies of the United StatesFormer investment banksHistory of Montgomery, AlabamaLehman BrothersShearson Lehman/American ExpressAmerican companies established in 18502008 disestablishments in New YorkNomuraHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from March 2016Articles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2016Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsWebarchive template wayback linksPages using deprecated image syntaxArticles needing additional references from March 2016All articles needing additional referencesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2009Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡLietuviųMagyarBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்TürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt文言吴语粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 01:52.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Lehman Brothers - Wikipedia





















 






Lehman Brothers

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Lehman Brothers




Industry
Investment services


Fate
Chapter 11 bankruptcy liquidation


Successors



Nomura Holdings
Barclays





Founded
1850; 167 years ago (1850)
Montgomery, Alabama, U.S.[1]


Founders
Henry Lehman
Emanuel Lehman
Mayer Lehman


Defunct
2008


Headquarters
New York City, New York,
United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people




Robert Lehman
Pete Peterson
Richard Fuld





Products



Financial Services
Investment Banking
Investment management






Number of employees

26,200 (2008)


Subsidiaries
Lehman Brothers Inc., Neuberger Berman Inc., Aurora Loan Services, LLC, SIB Mortgage Corporation, Lehman Brothers Bank, FSB, Eagle Energy Partners, and the Crossroads Group


Website
Barclays Group Archives: Lehman Brothers


Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. (former NYSE ticker symbol LEH) /ˈliːmən/ was a global financial services firm. Before declaring bankruptcy in 2008, Lehman was the fourth-largest investment bank in the United States (behind Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, and Merrill Lynch), doing business in investment banking, equity and fixed-income sales and trading (especially U.S. Treasury securities), research, investment management, private equity, and private banking. Lehman was operational for 158 years from its founding in 1850 until 2008.[2]
On September 15, 2008, the firm filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection following the massive exodus of most of its clients, drastic losses in its stock, and devaluation of assets by credit rating agencies, largely sparked by Lehman's involvement in the subprime mortgage crisis, excessive risk taking and subsequent allegations of negligence and malfeasance.[3][4][5] Lehman's bankruptcy filing is the largest in US history,[6] and is thought to have played a major role in the unfolding of the late-2000s global financial crisis. On September 16, 2008, Lehman filed for bankruptcy. Global markets immediately plummeted, and systemic risk was uncorked. This market collapse also gave support to the "Too Big To Fail" doctrine.[7] The following day, Barclays announced its agreement to purchase, subject to regulatory approval, Lehman's North American investment-banking and trading divisions along with its New York headquarters building.[8][9] On September 20, 2008, a revised version of that agreement was approved by U.S. Bankruptcy Judge James M. Peck.[10] The next week, Nomura Holdings announced that it would acquire Lehman Brothers' franchise in the Asia-Pacific region, including Japan, Hong Kong and Australia,[11] as well as Lehman Brothers' investment banking and equities businesses in Europe and the Middle East. The deal became effective on October 13, 2008.[12]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Under the Lehman family (1850–1969)
1.2 An evolving partnership (1969–1984)
1.3 Merger with American Express (1984–1994)
1.4 Divestment and independence (1994–2008)
1.5 Response to September 11, 2001 attacks
1.6 June 2003 SEC litigation


2 Rise of Mortgage Origination-(1997-2006)
3 Collapse

3.1 Causes

3.1.1 Malfeasance
3.1.2 Subprime Mortgage Crisis
3.1.3 Short-selling allegations


3.2 Bankruptcy
3.3 Liquidation

3.3.1 Barclays acquisition
3.3.2 Nomura acquisition
3.3.3 Sale of asset management businesses


3.4 Financial fallout
3.5 Ongoing litigation


4 Merger and acquisition history
5 Board of directors
6 Former officers
7 In popular culture
8 Principal locations (first year of occupancy)
9 See also
10 References
11 Further reading
12 External links



History[edit]
Under the Lehman family (1850–1969)[edit]
See also: Lehman family




Emanuel and Mayer Lehman


In 1844, 23-year-old Henry Lehman,[13] the son of a Jewish cattle merchant, immigrated to the United States from Rimpar, Bavaria.[14] He settled in Montgomery, Alabama,[13] where he opened a dry-goods store, "H. Lehman".[15] In 1847, following the arrival of his brother Emanuel Lehman, the firm became "H. Lehman and Bro."[16] With the arrival of their youngest brother, Mayer Lehman, in 1850, the firm changed its name again and "Lehman Brothers" was founded.[15][17]
During the 1850s, cotton was one of the most important crops in the United States. Capitalizing on cotton's high market value, the three brothers began to routinely accept raw cotton from customers as payment for merchandise, eventually beginning a second business trading in cotton. Within a few years this business grew to become the most significant part of their operation. Following Henry's death from yellow fever in 1855,[15][18] the remaining brothers continued to focus on their commodities-trading/brokerage operations.
By 1858, the center of cotton trading had shifted from the South to New York City, where factors and commission houses were based. Lehman opened its first branch office at 119 Liberty Street,[18] and 32-year-old Emanuel relocated there to run the office.[15] In 1862, facing difficulties as a result of the Civil War, the firm teamed up with a cotton merchant named John Durr to form Lehman, Durr & Co.[19][20] Following the war the company helped finance Alabama's reconstruction. The firm's headquarters were eventually moved to New York City, where it helped found the New York Cotton Exchange in 1870;[18][21] Emanuel sat on the board of governors until 1884. The firm also dealt in the emerging market for railroad bonds and entered the financial-advisory business.




Herbert H. Lehman
Official U.S. Senate Photo


Lehman became a member of the Coffee Exchange as early as 1883 and finally the New York Stock Exchange in 1887.[18][21] In 1899, it underwrote its first public offering, the preferred and common stock of the International Steam Pump Company.[22]
Despite the offering of International Steam, the firm's real shift from being a commodities house to a house of issue did not begin until 1906. In that year, under Emanuel's son Philip Lehman, the firm partnered with Goldman, Sachs & Co.,[23][24] to bring the General Cigar Co. to market,[25] followed closely by Sears, Roebuck and Company.[25] During the following two decades, almost one hundred new issues were underwritten by Lehman, many times in conjunction with Goldman, Sachs. Among these were F.W. Woolworth Company,[25][26] May Department Stores Company, Gimbel Brothers, Inc.,[27] R.H. Macy & Company,[27] The Studebaker Corporation,[26] the B.F. Goodrich Co. and Endicott Johnson Corporation.
Following Philip Lehman's retirement in 1925, his son Robert "Bobbie" Lehman took over as head of the firm. During Bobbie's tenure, the company weathered the capital crisis of the Great Depression by focusing on venture capital while the equities market recovered.
Traditionally a family-only partnership, in 1924, John M. Hancock became the first non-family member to join the firm,[23][28] followed by Monroe C. Gutman and Paul Mazur in 1927. By 1928, the firm moved to its now famous One William Street location.




Pete Peterson


In the 1930s, Lehman underwrote the initial public offering of the first television manufacturer, DuMont, and helped fund the Radio Corporation of America (RCA).[29] It also helped finance the rapidly growing oil industry, including the companies Halliburton and Kerr-McGee. In the 1950s, Lehman underwrote the IPO of Digital Equipment Corporation. Later, it arranged the acquisition of Digital by Compaq.
An evolving partnership (1969–1984)[edit]





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Robert Lehman died in 1969 after 44 years as the patriarch of the firm, leaving no member of the Lehman family actively involved with the partnership.[30] Robert's death, coupled with a lack of a clear successor from within the Lehman family left a void in the company. At the same time, Lehman was facing strong headwinds amidst the difficult economic environment of the early 1970s. By 1972, the firm was facing hard times and in 1973, Pete Peterson, chairman and chief executive officer of the Bell & Howell Corporation, was brought in to save the firm.[30]
Under Peterson's leadership as chairman and CEO, the firm acquired Abraham & Co. in 1975, and two years later merged with the venerable, but struggling, Kuhn, Loeb & Co.,[30] to form Lehman Brothers, Kuhn, Loeb Inc., the country's fourth-largest investment bank, behind Salomon Brothers, Goldman Sachs and First Boston.[31] Peterson led the firm from significant operating losses to five consecutive years of record profits with a return on equity among the highest in the investment-banking industry.
By the early 1980s, hostilities between the firm's investment bankers and traders (who were driving most of the firm's profits) prompted Peterson to promote Lewis Glucksman, the firm's President, COO and former trader, to be his co-CEO in May 1983. Glucksman introduced a number of changes that had the effect of increasing tensions, which when coupled with Glucksman’s management style and a downturn in the markets, resulted in a power struggle that ousted Peterson and left Glucksman as the sole CEO.[32]
Upset bankers who had soured over the power struggle, left the company. Stephen A. Schwarzman, chairman of the firm's M&A committee, recalled in a February 2003 interview with Private Equity International that "Lehman Brothers had an extremely competitive internal environment, which ultimately became dysfunctional." The company suffered under the disintegration, and Glucksman was pressured into selling the firm.
Merger with American Express (1984–1994)[edit]




Shearson Lehman/American Express Logo


Main article: Shearson Lehman Hutton
Shearson/American Express, an American Express-owned securities company focused on brokerage rather than investment banking, acquired Lehman in 1984, for $360 million. On May 11, the combined firms became Shearson Lehman/American Express.[32] In 1988, Shearson Lehman/American Express and E.F. Hutton & Co. merged as Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc.[33]
From 1983 to 1990, Peter A. Cohen was CEO and chairman of Shearson Lehman Brothers,[34] where he led the one billion dollar purchase of E.F. Hutton to form Shearson Lehman Hutton.[35] During this period, Shearson Lehman was aggressive in building its leveraged finance business in the model of rival Drexel Burnham Lambert. In 1989, Shearson backed F. Ross Johnson's management team in its attempted management buyout of RJR Nabisco but were ultimately outbid by private equity firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, who was backed by Drexel.
Divestment and independence (1994–2008)[edit]
In 1993, under newly appointed CEO, Harvey Golub, American Express began to divest itself of its banking and brokerage operations. It sold its retail brokerage and asset management operations to Primerica[36] and in 1994 it spun off Lehman Brothers Kuhn Loeb in an initial public offering, as Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc.[37]
Despite rumors that it would be acquired again, Lehman performed quite well under chairman and CEO Richard S. Fuld, Jr.. By 2008, Fuld had been with the company for 30 years, and would be the longest-tenured CEO on Wall Street. Fuld had steered Lehman through the 1997 Asian Financial Crisis, a period where the firm's share price dropped to $22 USD in 1998, but he was said to have underestimated the downturn in the US housing market and its effect on Lehman's mortgage bond underwriting business. Fuld kept his job as the subprime mortgage crisis took hold, while CEOs of rivals like Bear Stearns, Merrill Lynch, and Citigroup were forced to resign.[38] In addition, Lehman's board of directors, which included retired CEOs like Vodafone's Christopher Gent and IBM's John Akers were reluctant to challenge Fuld as the firm's share price spiraled lower.[38]
Fuld had a succession of "number twos" under him, usually titled as president and chief operating officer. Chris Pettit was Fuld's second-in-command for two decades until November 26, 1996, when he resigned as president and board member. Pettit lost a power struggle with his deputies (Steve Lessing, Tom Tucker, and Joseph M. Gregory) back on March 15 that year that caused him to relinquish its COO title, likely brought about after the three men found out about Pettit's extramarital affairs, which violated Fuld's unwritten rules on marriage and social etiquette. Bradley Jack and Joseph M. Gregory were appointed co-COOs in 2002, but Jack was demoted to the office of the chairman in May 2004 and departed in June 2005 with a severance package of $80 million, making Gregory the sole COO. While Fuld was considered the "face" of Lehman brothers, Gregory was in charge of day-to-day operations and he influenced culture to drive the bottom line.[39] Gregory was demoted on June 12, 2008 and replaced as president and COO by Bart McDade, who had been serving as head of Equities, and McDade would see Lehman through bankruptcy.[40][41] McDade would later be one of a handful of Lehman executives offered a position with Barclays after their acquisition; he would step down after less than two months.[42]
In 2001, the firm acquired the private-client services, or "PCS", business of Cowen & Co.[43] and later, in 2003, aggressively re-entered the asset-management business, which it had exited in 1989.[44] Beginning with $2 billion in assets under management, the firm acquired the Crossroads Group, the fixed-income division of Lincoln Capital Management[44] and Neuberger Berman.[45] These businesses, together with the PCS business and Lehman's private-equity business, comprised the Investment Management Division, which generated approximately $3.1 billion in net revenue and almost $800 million in pretax income in 2007. Prior to going bankrupt, the firm had in excess of $275 billion in assets under management. Altogether, since going public in 1994, the firm had increased net revenues over 600% from $2.73 billion to $19.2 billion and had increased employee headcount over 230% from 8,500 to almost 28,600.
At the 2008 ALB China Law Awards,[46] Lehman Brothers was crowned:

Deal of the Year – Debt Market Deal of the Year
Deal of the Year – Equity Market Deal of the Year

Response to September 11, 2001 attacks[edit]




The former New York City headquarters now owned by Barclays.


On September 11, 2001, Lehman occupied three floors of World Trade Center where one of its employees was killed in the terrorist attacks of that day. Its global headquarters in Three World Financial Center were severely damaged and rendered unusable by falling debris, displacing over 6,500 employees. The bank recovered quickly and rebuilt its presence. Trading operations moved across the Hudson River to its Jersey City, New Jersey, facilities, where an impromptu trading floor was built in a hotel and brought online less than forty-eight hours after the attacks. When stock markets reopened on September 17, 2001, Lehman's sales and trading capabilities were restored.
In the ensuing months, the firm fanned out its operations across the New York City metropolitan area in over 40 temporary locations. The investment-banking division converted the first-floor lounges, restaurants, and all 665 guestrooms of the Sheraton Manhattan Hotel into office space.[47]
The bank also experimented with flextime (to share office space) and telecommuting via virtual private networking. In October 2001, Lehman purchased a 32-story, 1,050,000-square-foot (98,000 m2) office building for a reported sum of $700 million. The building, located at 745 Seventh Avenue, had recently been completed, and not yet occupied, by rival Morgan Stanley.
With Morgan Stanley's world headquarters located only two blocks away at 1585 Broadway, in the wake of the attacks the firm was re-evaluating its office plans which would have put over 10,000 employees in the Times Square area of New York City. Lehman began moving into the new facility in January and finished in March 2002, a move that significantly boosted morale throughout the firm.[39]
The firm was criticized for not moving back to its former headquarters in lower Manhattan. Following the attacks, only Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, and Merrill Lynch, of the major firms, remained in the downtown area. Lehman, however, pointed to the facts that it was committed to stay in New York City, that the new headquarters represented an ideal circumstance where the firm was desperate to buy and Morgan Stanley was desperate to sell, that when the new building was purchased, the structural integrity of Three World Financial Center had not yet been given a clean bill of health, and that the company could not have waited until May 2002 for repairs to Three World Financial Center to conclude.
After the attacks, Lehman's management placed increased emphasis on business continuity planning. Unlike its rivals, the company was unusually concentrated for a bulge-bracket investment bank. For example, Morgan Stanley maintains a 750,000-square-foot (70,000 m2) trading-and-banking facility in Westchester County, New York. The trading floor of UBS is located in Stamford, Connecticut. Merrill Lynch's asset-management division is located in Plainsboro Township, New Jersey. Aside from its headquarters in Three World Financial Center, Lehman maintained operations-and-backoffice facilities in Jersey City, space that the firm considered leaving prior to 9/11. The space was not only retained, but expanded, including the construction of a backup-trading facility. In addition, telecommuting technology first rolled out in the days following the attacks to allow employees to work from home was expanded and enhanced for general use throughout the firm.[48]
June 2003 SEC litigation[edit]
In June 2003, the company was one of ten firms which simultaneously entered into a settlement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Office of the New York State Attorney General and various other securities regulators, regarding undue influence over each firm's research analysts by its investment-banking divisions. Specifically, regulators alleged that the firms had improperly associated analyst compensation with the firms' investment-banking revenues, and promised favorable, market-moving research coverage, in exchange for underwriting opportunities. The settlement, known as the "global settlement", provided for total financial penalties of $1.4 billion, including $80 million against Lehman, and structural reforms, including a complete separation of investment banking departments from research departments, no analyst compensation, directly or indirectly, from investment-banking revenues, and the provision of free, independent, third-party, research to the firms' clients.
Rise of Mortgage Origination-(1997-2006)[edit]
Lehman was one of the first Wall Street firms to move into the business of mortgage origination. In 1997, Lehman bought Colorado-based lender, Aurora Loan Services, an Alt-A lender. In 2000, to expand their mortgage origination pipeline, Lehman purchased West Coast subprime mortgage lender BNC Mortgage LLC. Lehman quickly became a force in the subprime market. By 2003 Lehman made $18.2 billion in loans and ranked third in lending. By 2004, this number topped $40 billion. By 2006, Aurora and BNC were lending almost $50 billion per month.[49] Lehman had morphed into a real estate hedge fund disguised as an investment bank.[50] By 2008, Lehman had assets of $680 billion supported by only $22.5 billion of firm capital. From an equity position, its risky commercial real estate holdings were three times greater than capital. In such a highly leveraged structure, a 3 to 5 percent decline in real estate values would wipeout all capital.
Collapse[edit]
Main article: Bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers
Causes[edit]
Malfeasance[edit]
A March 2010 report by the court-appointed examiner indicated that Lehman executives regularly used cosmetic accounting gimmicks at the end of each quarter to make its finances appear less shaky than they really were. This practice was a type of repurchase agreement that temporarily removed securities from the company's balance sheet. However, unlike typical repurchase agreements, these deals were described by Lehman as the outright sale of securities and created "a materially misleading picture of the firm’s financial condition in late 2007 and 2008."[51]
Subprime Mortgage Crisis[edit]
In August 2007 the firm closed its subprime lender, BNC Mortgage, eliminating 1,200 positions in 23 locations, and took an after-tax charge of $25 million and a $27 million reduction in goodwill. Lehman said that poor market conditions in the mortgage space "necessitated a substantial reduction in its resources and capacity in the subprime space".[52]
In 2008, Lehman faced an unprecedented loss to the continuing subprime mortgage crisis. Lehman's loss was a result of having held on to large positions in subprime and other lower-rated mortgage tranches when securitizing the underlying mortgages; whether Lehman did this because it was simply unable to sell the lower-rated bonds, or made a conscious decision to hold them, is unclear. In any event, huge losses accrued in lower-rated mortgage-backed securities throughout 2008. In the second fiscal quarter, Lehman reported losses of $2.8 billion and was forced to sell off $6 billion in assets.[53] In the first half of 2008 alone, Lehman stock lost 73% of its value as the credit market continued to tighten.[53] In August 2008, Lehman reported that it intended to release 6% of its work force, 1,500 people, just ahead of its third-quarter-reporting deadline in September.[53]
In September 2007, Joe Gregory appointed Erin Callan as CFO. On March 16, 2008, after rival Bear Stearns was taken over by JP Morgan Chase in a fire sale, market analysts suggested that Lehman would be the next major investment bank to fall. Callan fielded Lehman's first quarter conference call, where the firm posted a profit of $489 million, compared to Citigroup's $5.1 billion and Merrill Lynch's $1.97 billion losses which was Lehman’s 55th consecutive profitable quarter. The firm's stock price leapt 46 percent after that announcement.[39][54][55][56]
On June 9, 2008, Lehman Brothers announced US$2.8 billion second-quarter loss, its first since being spun off from American Express, as market volatility rendered many of its hedges ineffective during that time. Lehman also reported that it had raised a further $6 billion in capital. As a result, there was major management shakeup, in which Hugh "Skip" McGee III (head of investment banking) held a meeting with senior staff to strip Fuld and his lieutenants of their authority. Consequently, Joe Gregory agreed to resign as president and COO, and afterward he told Erin Callan that she had to resign as CFO. Callan was appointed CFO of Lehman in 2008 but served only for six months, before departing after her mentor Joe Gregory was demoted.[54][55][56] Bart McDade was named to succeed Gregory as president and COO, when several senior executives threatened to leave if he was not promoted. McDade took charge and brought back Michael Gelband and Alex Kirk, who had previously been pushed out of the firm by Gregory for not taking risks. Although Fuld remained CEO, he soon became isolated from McDade's team.[39][57]
On August 22, 2008, shares in Lehman closed up 5% (16% for the week) on reports that the state-controlled Korea Development Bank was considering buying the bank.[58] Most of those gains were quickly eroded as news came in that Korea Development Bank was "facing difficulties pleasing regulators and attracting partners for the deal."[59] It culminated on September 9, when Lehman's shares plunged 45% to $7.79, after it was reported that the state-run South Korean firm had put talks on hold.[60]
Investor confidence continued to erode as Lehman's stock lost roughly half its value and pushed the S&P 500 down 3.4% on September 9. The Dow Jones lost 300 points the same day on investors' concerns about the security of the bank.[61] The U.S. government did not announce any plans to assist with any possible financial crisis that emerged at Lehman.[62]
The next day, Lehman announced a loss of $3.9 billion and its intent to sell off a majority stake in its investment-management business, which includes Neuberger Berman.[63][64] The stock slid seven percent that day.[64][65] Lehman, after earlier rejecting questions on the sale of the company, was reportedly searching for a buyer as its stock price dropped another 40 percent on September 11, 2008.[65]
Just before the collapse of Lehman Brothers, executives at Neuberger Berman sent e-mail memos suggesting, among other things, that the Lehman Brothers' top people forgo multimillion-dollar bonuses to "send a strong message to both employees and investors that management is not shirking accountability for recent performance."[66]
Lehman Brothers Investment Management Director George Herbert Walker IV dismissed the proposal, going so far as to actually apologize to other members of the Lehman Brothers executive committee for the idea of bonus reduction having been suggested. He wrote, "Sorry team. I am not sure what's in the water at Neuberger Berman. I'm embarrassed and I apologize."[66]
Short-selling allegations[edit]
During hearings on the bankruptcy filing by Lehman Brothers and bailout of AIG before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform,[67] former Lehman Brothers CEO Richard Fuld said a host of factors including a crisis of confidence and naked short-selling attacks followed by false rumors contributed to both the collapse of Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers. House committee Chairman Henry Waxman said the committee received thousands of pages of internal documents from Lehman and these documents portray a company in which there was "no accountability for failure".[68][69][70]
An article by journalist Matt Taibbi in Rolling Stone contended that naked short selling contributed to the demise of both Lehman and Bear Stearns.[71] A study by finance researchers at the University of Oklahoma Price College of Business studied trading in financial stocks, including Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns, and found "no evidence that stock price declines were caused by naked short selling".[72]
Bankruptcy[edit]
On Saturday, September 13, 2008, Timothy F. Geithner, then the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, called a meeting on the future of Lehman, which included the possibility of an emergency liquidation of its assets.[73] Lehman reported that it had been in talks with Bank of America and Barclays for the company's possible sale; however, both Barclays and Bank of America ultimately declined to purchase the entire company, in the former case because the British government (in particular, the Chancellor of the Exchequer Alastair Darling and the CEO of the Financial Services Authority Hector Sants) refused to allow the transaction at the last minute, quoting stockholder regulations in the UK, despite a deal having apparently been completed.[73][74]
The next day, Sunday, September 14, the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) offered an exceptional trading session to allow market participants to offset positions in various derivatives on the condition of a Lehman bankruptcy later that day.[75] Although the bankruptcy filing missed the deadline, many dealers honored the trades they made in the special session.[76]




Lehman Brothers headquarters in New York City on September 15, 2008


Shortly before 1 am Monday morning (UTC−5), Lehman Brothers Holdings announced it would file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection[77] citing bank debt of $613 billion, $155 billion in bond debt, and assets worth $639 billion.[78] It further announced that its subsidiaries would continue to operate as normal.[77] A group of Wall Street firms agreed to provide capital and financial assistance for the bank's orderly liquidation and the Federal Reserve, in turn, agreed to a swap of lower-quality assets in exchange for loans and other assistance from the government.[79] The morning witnessed scenes of Lehman employees removing files, items with the company logo, and other belongings from the world headquarters at 745 Seventh Avenue. The spectacle continued throughout the day and into the following day.
Later that day, the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) suspended Lehman's Australian subsidiary as a market participant after clearing-houses terminated contracts with the firm.[80] Lehman shares tumbled over 90% on September 15, 2008.[81][82] The Dow Jones closed down just over 500 points on September 15, 2008, which was at the time the largest drop in a single day since the days following the attacks on September 11, 2001.[83]
In the United Kingdom, the investment bank went into administration with PricewaterhouseCoopers appointed as administrators.[84] In Japan, the Japanese branch, Lehman Brothers Japan Inc., and its holding company filed for civil reorganization on September 16, 2008, in Tokyo District Court.[85] On September 17, 2008, the New York Stock Exchange delisted Lehman Brothers.[86]
On March 16, 2011 some three years after filing for bankruptcy and following a filing in a Manhattan U.S. bankruptcy court, Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc announced it would seek creditor approval of its reorganization plan by October 14 followed by a confirmation hearing to follow on November 17.[87][88]
Liquidation[edit]
Barclays acquisition[edit]
On September 16, 2008, Barclays PLC announced that they would acquire a "stripped clean" portion of Lehman for $1.75 billion, including most of Lehman's North America operations.[8][89] On September 20, 2008, a revised version of the deal, a $1.35 billion (£700 million) plan for Barclays to acquire the core business of Lehman (mainly its $960-million headquarters, a 38-story office building[90] in Midtown Manhattan, with responsibility for 9,000 former employees), was approved.[91][92] Manhattan court bankruptcy Judge James Peck, after a 7-hour hearing, ruled: "I have to approve this transaction because it is the only available transaction. Lehman Brothers became a victim, in effect the only true icon to fall in a tsunami that has befallen the credit markets. This is the most momentous bankruptcy hearing I've ever sat through. It can never be deemed precedent for future cases. It's hard for me to imagine a similar emergency."[93]
Luc Despins, then a partner at Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy, the creditors committee counsel, said: "The reason we're not objecting is really based on the lack of a viable alternative. We did not support the transaction because there had not been enough time to properly review it."[citation needed] In the amended agreement, Barclays would absorb $47.4 billion in securities and assume $45.5 billion in trading liabilities. Lehman's attorney Harvey R. Miller of Weil, Gotshal & Manges, said "the purchase price for the real estate components of the deal would be $1.29 billion, including $960 million for Lehman's New York headquarters and $330 million for two New Jersey data centers. Lehman's original estimate valued its headquarters at $1.02 billion but an appraisal from CB Richard Ellis this week valued it at $900 million."[citation needed] Further, Barclays will not acquire Lehman's Eagle Energy unit, but will have entities known as Lehman Brothers Canada Inc, Lehman Brothers Sudamerica, Lehman Brothers Uruguay and its Private Investment Management business for high-net-worth individuals. Finally, Lehman will retain $20 billion of securities assets in Lehman Brothers Inc that are not being transferred to Barclays.[94] Barclays acquired a potential liability of $2.5 billion to be paid as severance, if it chooses not to retain some Lehman employees beyond the guaranteed 90 days.[95][96]
Nomura acquisition[edit]
Nomura Holdings, Japan's top brokerage firm, agreed to buy the Asian division of Lehman Brothers for $225 million and parts of the European division for a nominal fee of $2.[97][98] It would not take on any trading assets or liabilities in the European units. Nomura negotiated such a low price because it acquired only Lehman's employees in the regions, and not its stocks, bonds or other assets. The last Lehman Brothers Annual Report identified that these non-US subsidiaries of Lehman Brothers were responsible for over 50% of global revenue produced.[99]
Sale of asset management businesses[edit]
On September 29, 2008, Lehman agreed to sell Neuberger Berman, part of its investment management business, to a pair of private-equity firms, Bain Capital Partners and Hellman & Friedman, for $2.15 billion.[100] The transaction was expected to close in early 2009, subject to approval by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court,[101] but a competing bid was entered by the firm's management, who ultimately prevailed in a bankruptcy auction on December 3, 2008. Creditors of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. retain a 49% common equity interest in the firm, now known as Neuberger Berman Group LLC.[102] In Europe, the Quantitative Asset Management Business has been acquired back by its employees on November 13, 2008 and has been renamed back to TOBAM.
Financial fallout[edit]
Lehman's bankruptcy was the largest failure of an investment bank since Drexel Burnham Lambert collapsed amid fraud allegations 18 years prior.[79] Immediately following the bankruptcy filing, an already distressed financial market began a period of extreme volatility, during which the Dow experienced its largest one day point loss, largest intra-day range (more than 1,000 points) and largest daily point gain. What followed was what many have called the "perfect storm" of economic distress factors and eventually a $700bn bailout package (Troubled Asset Relief Program) prepared by Henry Paulson, Secretary of the Treasury, and approved by Congress. The Dow eventually closed at a new six-year low of 7,552.29 on November 20, followed by a further drop to 6626 by March of the next year. Durvexity spiked, due to funding issues at the major investment banks.[103]
The fall of Lehman also had a strong effect on small private investors such as bond holders and holders of so-called Minibonds. In Germany structured products, often based on an index, were sold mostly to private investors, elderly, retired persons, students and families. Most of those now worthless derivatives were sold by the German arm of Citigroup, the German Citibank now owned by Crédit Mutuel.
Ongoing litigation[edit]
On March 11, 2010, Anton R. Valukas, a court-appointed examiner, published the results of its year-long investigation into the finances of Lehman Brothers.[104] This report revealed that Lehman Brothers used an accounting procedure termed repo 105 to temporarily exchange $50 billion of assets into cash just before publishing its financial statements.[105] The action could be seen to implicate both Ernst & Young, the bank's accountancy firm and Richard S. Fuld, Jr, the former CEO.[106] This could potentially lead to Ernst & Young being found guilty of financial malpractice and Fuld facing time in prison.[107]
According to The Wall Street Journal, in March 2011, the SEC announced that they weren't confident that they could prove that Lehman Brothers violated US laws in its accounting practices.[108]
In October 2011 the administrators of Lehman Brothers Holding Inc. lost their appeal to overturn a court order forcing them to pay £148 million into their underfunded pensions plan.[109]
As of January 2016, Lehman has already paid more than $105 billion to its unsecured creditors. In addition, JPMorgan will pay $1.42 billion in cash to settle a lawsuit accusing JPMorgan of draining Lehman Brothers liquidity right before the crash. The settlement would permit another $1.496 to be paid to creditors and a separate $76 million deposit.[110]
Merger and acquisition history[edit]
The following is an illustration of the company's major mergers and acquisitions and historical predecessors (this is not a comprehensive list):[111]


Lehman Brothers
(1994, spun off by American Express;
2008, bankrupt – see Bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers)




Shearson Lehman Hutton
(merged 1988)



Shearson Lehman Brothers
(merged 1984)



Shearson/American Express
(merged 1981)





American Express
(est. 1850)






Shearson Loeb Rhoades
(acquired 1981)



Shearson Hayden Stone
(merged 1973)



Hayden Stone, Inc. (formerly CBWL-Hayden Stone, merged 1970)





Cogan, Berlind, Weill & Levitt
(formerly Carter, Berlind, Potoma & Weill, est. 1960)








Hayden, Stone & Co.














Shearson, Hammill & Co.
(est. 1902)












Loeb, Rhoades, Hornblower & Co.
(merged 1978)



Loeb, Rhoades & Co.
(merged 1937)





Carl M. Loeb & Co.
(est. 1931)








Rhoades & Company
(est. 1905)












Hornblower, Weeks, Noyes & Trask
(merged 1953–1977)





Hornblower & Weeks
(est. 1888)








Hemphill, Noyes & Co.
(est. 1919, acq. 1963)








Spencer Trask & Co.
(est. 1866 as Trask & Brown)








Paul H. Davis & Co.
(est. 1920, acq. 1953)






























Lehman Brothers Kuhn Loeb
(merged 1977)



Lehman Brothers
(merged 1975)





Abraham & Co.
(est. 1938)








Lehman Brothers
(est. 1850)














Kuhn, Loeb & Co.
(est. 1867)




















E. F. Hutton & Co.
(est. 1904)














Neuberger Berman
(est. 1939, acq. 2003,
sold to management 2009)








Crossroads Group
(est. 1981, acq. 2003)












Board of directors[edit]

Richard S. Fuld, Jr., chairman and chief executive officer[112]
Michael L. Ainslie[112]
John F. Akers[112]
Roger S. Berlind[112]
Thomas Cruikshank[112]
Marsha Johnson Evans[112]
Sir Christopher Gent[112]
Roland A. Hernandez [112]
Dr. Henry Kaufman[112]
John D. Macomber[112]

Former officers[edit]

Richard S. Fuld, Jr.
Tom Russo
Scott J. Freidheim
Bart McDade
Joe Gregory
Ian Lowitt, chief financial officer at the time of Lehman's collapse
Jessie Bhattal
Jeremy Isaacs (not Sir Jeremy Isaacs, the British television producer and executive)
Hugh McGee
George Herbert Walker IV
Michael Gelband

In popular culture[edit]
The events of the weekend leading up to Lehman's bankruptcy were dramatized in The Last Days of Lehman Brothers, a 2009 British-made television film.
In the 2010 animated film Despicable Me, Lehman Brothers is referenced near the beginning. The main character Gru travels to the Bank of Evil, the bank that funds all evil plots for villains around the world, to try to take out a loan. As he passes under the banner with the bank's name, and under "Bank of Evil", in small letters, it reads, "Formerly Lehman Brothers".[113]
The 2011 American independent drama film Margin Call focuses on the events of a 24-hour period at a large investment bank based on amalgam of large investment banks, drawing heavily from the culture of Lehman Brothers. (However, the events in the movie are primarily a depiction of the actions of Goldman Sachs.)
In the 2011 comedy American film Horrible Bosses, Kenny Sommerfeld mentioned that he is a Yale graduate who worked for Lehman Brothers. He was earning a high six-figure salary, but is now unable to buy even basic necessities and lives in poverty.
The 2011 HBO movie Too Big to Fail recounted the days before Lehman Brothers declared bankruptcy and the fallout afterward.
The fall of Lehman Brothers is depicted in the 2015 movie The Big Short (film) where two of the characters walk around the Lehman Brothers offices after the bankruptcy to see the main trading floor.
Lehman Brothers is parodied in the 2016 Disney animated film Zootopia, which depicts a financial firm called "Lemming Brothers", staffed by lemmings.
Principal locations (first year of occupancy)[edit]

17 Court Square, Montgomery, Alabama (1847)*[114]
119 Liberty Street, New York, NY (1858)[114]
176 Fulton Street, New York, NY (1865–1866?)[21][114]
133–35 Pearl Street, New York, NY (1867)[21][114]
40 Exchange Place, New York, NY (1876)[21][114]
16 William Street, New York, NY (1892)[114]
One William Street, New York, NY (1928) **[114]
55 Water Street (1980) ***[115]
3 World Financial Center (1985)[116]
745 Seventh Avenue, New York, NY (2002)[117]

* Henry Lehman established his first store location on Commerce Street, in Montgomery, in 1845. In 1848, one year after Emanuel's arrival, the brothers moved "H. Lehman & Bro." to 17 Court Square, where it remained when Mayer arrived in 1850, forming "Lehman Brothers".
** Designated as a landmark by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Committee in 1996.
*** Sales and trading personnel had been in this location since 1977, when they were joined by the firm's investment bankers and brokers.
See also[edit]


Companies portal



MF Global, the largest Wall Street firm to collapse since the Lehman Brothers debacle in September 2008.
Valukas Report on the failure of Lehman

References[edit]


^ "History of the Lehman Brothers". Harvard University Library-Lehman Brothers Collection. Retrieved 2010-12-01. 
^ Melvyn Dubofsky (2013). The Oxford Encyclopedia of American Business, Labor, and Economic History. Oxford University Press. pp. 470–. ISBN 978-0-19-973881-6. 
^ Michael P. Malloy (2010). Anatomy of a Meltdown: A Dual Financial Biography of the Subprime Mortgage Crisis. Wolters Kluwer Law & Business. ISBN 978-0-7355-9458-6. 
^ Asli Yüksel Mermod; Samuel O. Idowu (29 August 2013). Corporate Social Responsibility in the Global Business World. Springer Science & Business Media. pp. 124–. ISBN 978-3-642-37620-7. 
^ Williams, Mark (April 12, 2010). Uncontrolled Risk. McGraw-Hill Education. ISBN 978-0071638296. 
^ Mamudi, Sam (September 15, 2005). "Lehman folds with record $613 billion debt". Marketwatch. 
^ Williams, Mark (April 12, 2010). Uncontrolled Risk. McGraw-Hill Education. p. 178. ISBN 978-0071638296. 
^ a b "Barclays announces agreement to acquire Lehman Brothers North American investment banking and capital markets businesses" (Press release). Barclays PLC. September 17, 2008. Archived from the original on December 13, 2013. Retrieved 2008-09-17. 
^ "Barclays buys core Lehman assets". BBC News. September 17, 2008. 
^ "Judge approves $1.3 billion Lehman deal". BBC News. September 20, 2008. 
^ "Nomura to acquire Lehman Brothers' Asia Pacific franchise" (Press release). Nomura Holdings. September 22, 2008. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ "Nomura to close acquisition of Lehman Brothers' Europe and Middle East investment banking and equities businesses on October 13" (Press release). Nomura Holdings. October 6, 2008. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 49
^ Bernhard, William, L., Birge, June Rossbach Bingham, Loeb, John L., Jr.. Lots of Lehmans – The Family of Mayer Lehman of Lehman Brothers, Remembered by His Descendants. Center For Jewish History, 2007, page 1
^ a b c d Wechsberg, Joseph. The Merchant Bankers. Pocket Books, 1966, page 233
^ Bernhard, William, L., Birge, June Rossbach Bingham, Loeb, John L., Jr.. Lots of Lehmans – The Family of Mayer Lehman of Lehman Brothers, Remembered by His Descendants. Center For Jewish History, 2007, page 5
^ Birmingham, Stephen. Our Crowd: The Great Jewish Families of New York. Harper and Row, 1967, page 47
^ a b c d Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 50
^ Birmingham, Stephen. Our Crowd: The Great Jewish Families of New York. Harper and Row, 1967, page 77
^ Bernhard, William, L., Birge, June Rossbach Bingham, Loeb, John L., Jr.. Lots of Lehmans – The Family of Mayer Lehman of Lehman Brothers, Remembered by His Descendants. Center For Jewish History, 2007, page 8
^ a b c d e Wechsberg, Joseph. The Merchant Bankers. Pocket Books, 1966, page 235
^ Swaine, Robert T. (1946). The Cravath Firm and Its Predecessors, 1819-1947. The Lawbook Exchange, Ltd. p. 633. ISBN 978-1-58477-713-7. Retrieved June 3, 2014. 
^ a b Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 51
^ Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 285
^ a b c Wechsberg, Joseph. The Merchant Bankers. Pocket Books, 1966, page 238
^ a b Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 53
^ a b Wechsberg, Joseph. The Merchant Bankers. Pocket Books, 1966, page 241
^ "John M. Hancock Papers". University of North Dakota. Archived from the original on 2007-02-10. Retrieved 2008-09-14. 
^ Ingham, John N. (1983). Biographical Dictionary of American Business Leaders. Greenwood Publishing Group. ISBN 9780313213625. Retrieved 2008-09-14. 
^ a b c Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 77[dead link]
^ Sloane, Leonard (November 29, 1977). "Lehman and Kuhn Loeb to Merge; Lehman Brothers and Kuhn Loeb Sign Agreement to Merge December 16". The New York Times. 
^ a b Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 78
^ Cole, Robert J. (December 4, 1987). "Company News – Hutton-Shearson Deal Announced". The New York Times. 
^ "Profile: Peter A. Cohen". Forbes. forbes.com. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ "Shearson Lehman Buying out E.F. Hutton – Rights Managed". Pro.corbis.com. Retrieved 2010-10-16. [permanent dead link]
^ Quint, Michael (March 13, 1993). "Primerica Will Buy Shearson for $1 billion". The New York Times. 
^ Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 79
^ a b Christian Plumb and Dan Wilchins (September 14, 2008). "Lehman CEO Fuld's hubris contributed to meltdown". Reuters. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b c d "Print Page". Nymag.com. Retrieved 2013-10-07. 
^ Ward, Vicky (October 20, 2009). "Business: Lehman's Desperate Housewives &#124". Vanity Fair. VanityFair.com. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ Truell, Peter (November 27, 1996). "Pettit Resigns as President Of Lehman Brothers Firm". The New York Times. 
^ White, Ben; de la Merced, Michael J. (October 31, 2008). "McDade to Leave Barclays Capital". The New York Times. 
^ Charles Gasparino (July 18, 2000). "Lehman Brothers to take over SG Cowen's brokerage division". The Financial Express. Archived from the original on May 14, 2013. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b Christine Williamson. "Back Again: Lehman returns to institutional management with Lincoln deal; Purchase of fixed-income business ends 13-year absence". Pensions & Investments. Goliath. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Thomas, Landon, Jr. (July 23, 2003). "Market Place; Lehman to Buy Neuberger Berman For $2.6 Billion". The New York Times. 
^ "Legalbusinessonline.com.au". Legalbusinessonline.com.au. September 19, 2011. Retrieved 2011-11-02. [dead link]
^ Bill Egbert (September 19, 2001). "Lehman Checks into Sheraton". Daily News. nydailynews.com. Archived from the original on May 14, 2012. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ "Cast Study: Lehman Brothers" (PDF). Citrix.com. 2003. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2012-11-24. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Williams, Mark (April 12, 2010). Uncontrolled Risk. McGraw-Hill Education. p. 129. ISBN 978-0071638296. 
^ Williams, Mark (April 12, 2010). Uncontrolled Risk. McGraw-Hill Education. p. 135. ISBN 978-0071638296. 
^ Mark Trumbull (March 12, 2010). "Lehman Bros. used accounting trick amid financial crisis – and earlier". The Christian Science Monitor. csmonitor.com. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Kulikowski, Laura (August 22, 2007). "Lehman Brothers Amputates Mortgage Arm". TheStreet.com. Retrieved 2008-03-18. 
^ a b c Anderson, Jenny; Dash, Eric (August 29, 2008). "Struggling Lehman Plans to Lay Off 1,500". The New York Times. 
^ a b Katie Benner (September 26, 2008). "I was lucky to get out". Fortune. CNNmoney. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b "Sexist Language". NPR Ombudsman. June 20, 2008. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b Sellers, Patricia (March 8, 2010). "The Fall of a Wall Street Highflier". Fortune. CNNmoney. Archived from the original on December 9, 2011. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Onaran, Yalman; Helyar, John (December 31, 2008). "The fall of Lehman Bros - Part 4". The New Zealand Herald. 
^ Anderson, Jenny; Thomas, Landon, Jr. (August 22, 2008). "Lehman’s Shares Gain on Signs of Raising Capital". The New York Times. 
^ Morcroft, Greg (September 4, 2008). "Financials slip as Korea snags weigh on Lehman and Merrill". MarketWatch. 
^ Association of Funding Professionals (September 9, 2008). "Lehman Brothers in freefall as hopes fade for new capital". Google News. Archived from the original on April 21, 2009. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ "Dow plunges nearly 300 points on concern about Lehman". Times-Picayune. New Orleans. September 9, 2008. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Anderson, Jenny (September 9, 2008). "Wall Street’s Fears on Lehman Bros. Batter Markets". The New York Times. 
^ White, Ben (September 10, 2008). "Lehman Sees $3.9 billion Loss and Plans to Shed Assets". The New York Times. 
^ a b Bruno, Joe Bel (September 10, 2008). "Lehman shares slip on plans to auction off unit, consider sale of company". The Seattle Times. Associated Press. 
^ a b Anderson, Jenny; Sorkin, Andrew Ross (September 11, 2008). "As Pressure Builds, Lehman Said to Be Looking for a Buyer". The New York Times. 
^ a b Fitzgerald, Patrick (September 9, 2009). "Fund Manager Wants $12.3 Million from Lehman". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Statement of Richard S. Fuld, Jr. before the United States House of Representatives Committee on Oversight and Government Reform" (PDF). US House. October 6, 2008. Archived from the original (PDF) on September 16, 2012. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Smith, Aaron (October 6, 2008). "Fuld blames 'crisis of confidence'". CNNmoney. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Moore, Heidi N. (October 7, 2008). "Dick Fuld's Vendetta Against Short-Sellers—and Goldman Sachs". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Richard Fuld's Statement To The Congressional Committee (In Full)". News.hereisthecity.com. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ Taibbi, Matt (October 2009). "Wall Street's Naked Swindle". Rolling Stone. Retrieved 2009-10-15. 
^ Veljko Fotak, Vikas Raman and Pradeep K. Yadav (May 22, 2009). "Naked Short Selling: The Emperor`s New Clothes?" (PDF). Centre for Financial Research, University of Cologne. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b Anderson, Jenny; Dash, Eric; Bajaj, Vikas; Andrews, Edmund (September 13, 2008). "U.S. Gives Banks Urgent Warning to Solve Crisis". The New York Times. 
^ White, Ben; Anderson, Jenny (September 14, 2008). "Lehman Heads Toward Brink as Barclays Ends Talks". The New York Times. 
^ "Lehman Risk Reduction Trading Session and Protocol Agreement" (Press release). ISDA. September 14, 2008. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Jane Baird (September 15, 2008). "CDS dealers honour trades to cut Lehman risk". Reuters. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b "Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. Announces It Intends to File Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Petition" (PDF). Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. September 15, 2008. Retrieved 2008-09-15. 
^ Mamudi, Sam (September 15, 2008). "Lehman folds with record $613 billion debt". MarketWatch. 
^ a b Sorkin, Andrew Ross (September 15, 2008). "In Frantic Day, Wall Street Banks Teeter". The New York Times. 
^ "ASX suspends Lehman Brothers". The Australian. September 15, 2008. Retrieved 2008-09-15. 
^ Kennedy, Siman; Morcroft, Greg (September 15, 2010). "Lehman failure, AIG struggle drive financials lower". MarketWatch. 
^ AFP (September 15, 2008). "afp.google.com, Lehman bankruptcy shakes world financial system". Google. Archived from the original on March 5, 2012. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ Grynbaum, Michael (September 15, 2008). "Wall St.’s Turmoil Sends Stocks Reeling". The New York Times. 
^ "Lehman Bros files for bankruptcy". BBC News. September 15, 2008. 
^ "Lehman Bros files for Civil Reorganization Law". Yomiuri Online. September 16, 2008. Archived from the original on September 16, 2008. Retrieved 2008-09-16. 
^ "NYSE to Suspend Trading in Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc. and Related Securities listed on NYSE and NYSE Arca; Moves to Remove from the List" (Press release). NYSE Euronext. September 17, 2008. Archived from the original on September 21, 2008. Retrieved 2008-09-18. 
^ "Lehman targets November 17 to win bankruptcy plan OK". Reuters. March 16, 2011. 
^ Greece lost a huge amount of money from deposits in Lehman Brothers.
^ Smith, Randall; Gullapalli, Diya; Mccracken, Jeffrey (17 September 2008). "Lehman, Workers Score Reprieve". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Emporis GmbH. "Lehman Brothers Building, New York City, U.S.A.". Emporis.com. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ "US judge approves Lehman's asset sale to Barclays". Reuters/Forbes. September 20, 2008. Retrieved 2008-09-20. [dead link]
^ "Judge approves .3bn Lehman deal". BBC News. September 20, 2008. 
^ "Judge approves $1.3bn Lehman deal". BBC News. September 20, 2008. 
^ Chasan, Emily (September 20, 2008). "reuters.com, Judge approves Lehman, Barclays pact". Reuters. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5hHts3gSHE_WcIZt-IgZWwYpgmeewD93ABG080. Retrieved September 20, 2008.  Missing or empty |title= (help)[dead link]
^ [1] Archived 21 September 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Nomura paying two dollars for Lehman's Europe ops: report Archived 2008-09-29 at the Wayback Machine., AFP, September 25, 2008
^ Nomura Buys Lehman's Europe Banking, Equities Units, Bloomberg, September 23, 2008
^ "Lehman Brothers 2007 Annual Report". [permanent dead link]
^ Durchslag, Adam (October 1, 2008) "Bain and Hellman secure Neuberger: private equity houses Bain Capital and Hellman & Friedman acquire Neuberger Berman from Lehman for US$2.15bn" Acquisitions Monthly from Access My Library
^ Money.cnn.com Archived 30 September 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ De, Michael J. (December 3, 2008). "Managers Win Auction for a Part of Lehman". The New York Times. 
^ Suresh Goel, "Crisis Management", Global India Publications Pvt Ltd, 2009, p. 125. Retrieved 2012-09-05
^ "Examiner’s Report – Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. Chapter 11 Proceedings". Lehmanreport.jenner.com. Archived from the original on 2011-11-15. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ "Lehman file rocks Wall Street". Financial Times. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ Frean, Alexandra (March 13, 2010). "Linklaters and Ernst and Young face action over Lehman Brothers collapse". The Times. London. Retrieved 2010-05-07. 
^ Clark, Andrew (March 12, 2010). "Could Lehman's Dick Fuld end up behind bars?". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 2010-05-07. 
^ Eaglesham, Jean; Rappaport, Liz (March 12, 2011). "Lehman Probe Stalls; Chance of No Charges". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Chellel, Kit (October 15, 2011). "Lehman, Nortel lose $3.5B pension appeal". Ottawacitizen.com. Retrieved 2011-11-02. 
^ "JPMorgan to pay $1.42 billion cash to settle most Lehman claims". Reuters. 2017-01-26. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ "Salomon Smith Barney" from Gambee, Robert. Wall Street. W. W. Norton & Company, 1999. p.73
^ a b c d e f g h i j "Board of Directors". Lehman Brothers. Archived from the original on October 1, 2001. Retrieved 2008-09-14. 
^ Corliss, Richard (July 9, 2010). "Despicable Me: It's Pickable!". Time.com. TIME Magazine. Retrieved August 25, 2015. 
^ a b c d e f g Lehman Brothers. A Centennial – Lehman Brothers 1850–1950. Spiral Press, 1950, pages 62–63
^ Crittenden, Ann (December 20, 1980). "Lehman's Office Move Marks End of an Aura; Lehman Leaves One William Street 'The Place Is a Pigsty' High Return on Capital". The New York Times. 
^ Salmans, Sandra (October 19, 1985). "At Last, Shearson Makes Its Move". 
^ "Lehman Brothers to Remain in New York with Purchase of Morgan Stanley's New Office Tower". Findarticles.com. October 8, 2001. Archived from the original on June 7, 2009. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 


Further reading[edit]

Auletta, Ken. Greed and Glory on Wall Street: The Fall of the House of Lehman. Random House, 1985
Bernhard, William, L., Birge, June Rossbach Bingham, Loeb, John L., Jr. Lots of Lehmans: The Family of Mayer Lehman of Lehman Brothers, Remembered by His Descendants. Center for Jewish History, 2007.
Birmingham, Stephen. Our Crowd: The Great Jewish Families of New York. Harper and Row, 1967.
Dillian, Jared, Street Freak: Money and Madness at Lehman Brothers: A Memoir, New York: Simon and Schuster, September 13, 2011. ISBN 978-1-4391-8126-3
Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997
Shirkhedkar, Jayant. Saving Lehman, One person at a time. McGraw-Hill, 2007
Lehman Brothers. A Centennial – Lehman Brothers 1850–1950. Spiral Press, 1950
Schack, Justin (May 2005). "Restoring the House of Lehman". Institutional Investor, p. 24–32.
Wechsberg, Joseph. The Merchant Bankers. Pocket Books, 1968
Nocera, Joe (September 11, 2009). "Lehman Had to Die So Global Finance Could Live". The New York Times. 
Lawrence, G. McDonald. (2009) A Colossal Failure of Common Sense: The Inside Story of the Collapse of Lehman Brothers. Crown Business
Sorkin, A. Ross (2009). Too Big to Fail: The Inside Story of How Wall Street and Washington Fought to Save the Financial System—and Themselves. Viking Adult
Kane and Stollery (2013). "Lessons learned: an exchange of views".

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Lehman Brothers.



Why Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns Collapsed
Lehman Brothers case study – KPMG China
crisis-lehman – Lehman Brothers in Spain
Lehman Brothers bankruptcy site linked to from Lehman Brothers' home page
Melse, E. (2009-10-28), TEMA analysis of Lehman Brothers – Video in Dutch. Masterclass
The Lehman Brothers Treasure Trove – slideshow by Life magazine
What did the Lehman Brothers implosion look like to a techie?, The Register
BBC: The Love of Money, The Bank That Bust the World
Bloomberg: Lehman Files Biggest Bankruptcy Case as Suitors Balk
Lehman Brothers Records at Baker Library Historical Collections, Harvard Business School
Barclays Group Archives: Lehman Brothers







v
t
e


Lehman family



Founding generation of Lehman Brothers



Henry Lehman
Emanuel Lehman
Mayer Lehman





Other notable family members



Arthur Altschul
Helen Lehman Buttenwieser
Herbert H. Lehman
Irving Lehman
Philip Lehman
Robert Lehman
John Langeloth Loeb Jr.





Financial firms



Lehman Brothers












v
t
e


Great Recession



By region



Africa
Americas

United States
South America


Asia
Europe
Oceania





United States-specific



Automotive industry crisis
California budget crisis
Housing bubble
Housing market correction
Subprime mortgage crisis





Banking losses and fraud



Anglo Irish Bank hidden loans controversy
Libor scandal

Tom Hayes


Société Générale trading loss
Forex scandal
Seán FitzPatrick
Bernard Madoff
Tom Petters
Scott W. Rothstein
Allen Stanford





Government entities



Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Home Loan Banks
Federal Housing Administration
Federal Housing Finance Agency
Federal Housing Finance Board
Federal Reserve System
Government National Mortgage Association
Irish Bank Resolution Corporation
National Asset Management Agency
Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight
Office of Financial Stability
UK Financial Investments










Government policy and spending responses



Banking and finance
stability and reform



Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Act 2009
Banking (Special Provisions) Act 2008
China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit
Commercial Paper Funding Facility
Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008
Irish emergency budget, 2009
Irish budget, 2010
Irish budget, 2011
Irish budget, 2012
Irish budget, 2013
Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program
Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility
Troubled Asset Relief Program
2008 United Kingdom bank rescue package




Bank stress tests



EU
U.S.








Stimulus and recovery



2008 European Union stimulus plan
2008–09 Keynesian resurgence
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Chinese economic stimulus program
Economic Stimulus Act of 2008
Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009
Green New Deal
Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008
National fiscal policy response to the Great Recession
Zero interest-rate policy





Government interventions,
rescues, and acquisitions



List of banks acquired or bankrupted during the Great Recession




Non-banking



Chrysler
General Motors











Securities involved
and financial markets



Auction rate securities
Collateralized debt obligations
Collateralized mortgage obligations
Credit default swaps
Mortgage-backed securities
Secondary mortgage market





Social responses



Tea Party protests (United States; c. 2009)
May Day protests (Europe, Middle East and North Africa, Asia; 2009)
Occupy movement (worldwide)





Related topics



2000s energy crisis

Central Asia: 2008


Effects on museums
Decline of newspapers
World food price crisis








European debt crisis
Financial crisis of 2007–08
List of countries by public debt












v
t
e


Barclays



Division and subsidiaries



Barclays Africa
Barclays Canada
Barclaycard
Barclays Investment Bank
Barclays Wealth





Historical components
and acquisitions



Backhouse's Bank
Barclays Private Equity
Crossroads Group
FirstCaribbean International Bank
Gurney's Bank
Juniper Bank
Kuhn, Loeb & Co.
Martins Bank
Lehman Brothers
Lock, Hulme & Co.
London Provincial and South Western Bank
The Woolwich





Corporate Directors



John McFarlane (Chairman)
Sir Gerry Grimstone (Deputy Chairman)
Jes Staley (Group Chief Executive)
Chris Lucas
David Booth
Alison Carnwath
Fulvio Conti
Simon Fraser
Reuben Jeffery III
Sir Andrew Likierman
Dambisa Moyo
Sir John Sunderland





Other



One Churchill Place








 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


American Express



Payment products



Accolades Cards
Charge cards
Credit cards
ExpressPay
Traveler's cheques
Centurion Card
Plum Card





Spun-off companies



Ameriprise Financial
First Data Corp.
Lehman Brothers
Merchants Despatch
Railway Express Agency
Warner-Amex Satellite Entertainment





Notable current and former executives



Henry Wells
William Fargo
J. C. Fargo
Howard L. Clark Sr.
Ralph Reed
James D. Robinson III
Louis V. Gerstner Jr.
Sanford I. Weill
Harvey Golub
Kenneth Chenault
Gary Crittenden





Corporate directors



Kenneth Chenault (Chairman)
Daniel Akerson
Charlene Barshefsky
Ursula Burns
Peter Chernin
Vernon Jordan Jr.
Jan Leschly
Rick Levin
Edward D. Miller
Frank Popoff
Robert D. Walter
Ron Williams





Other



The Adventures of Seinfeld & Superman
American Express Incentive Services
Salad Oil Scandal
World Monuments Watch
65 Broadway
Falmer Stadium (The American Express Community Stadium)
Small Business Saturday
Three World Financial Center









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 151279667
LCCN: n81066329
ISNI: 0000 0001 0153 6630










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Lehman_Brothers&oldid=788549929"					
Categories: 1850 establishments in the United StatesBank failures in the United StatesSystemic riskBanks based in New York CityBanks established in 1850Banks disestablished in 2008BarclaysCompanies delisted from the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 2008Defunct financial services companies of the United StatesFormer investment banksHistory of Montgomery, AlabamaLehman BrothersShearson Lehman/American ExpressAmerican companies established in 18502008 disestablishments in New YorkNomuraHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from March 2016Articles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2016Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsWebarchive template wayback linksPages using deprecated image syntaxArticles needing additional references from March 2016All articles needing additional referencesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2009Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡLietuviųMagyarBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்TürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt文言吴语粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 01:52.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Lehman Brothers - Wikipedia





















 






Lehman Brothers

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Lehman Brothers




Industry
Investment services


Fate
Chapter 11 bankruptcy liquidation


Successors



Nomura Holdings
Barclays





Founded
1850; 167 years ago (1850)
Montgomery, Alabama, U.S.[1]


Founders
Henry Lehman
Emanuel Lehman
Mayer Lehman


Defunct
2008


Headquarters
New York City, New York,
United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people




Robert Lehman
Pete Peterson
Richard Fuld





Products



Financial Services
Investment Banking
Investment management






Number of employees

26,200 (2008)


Subsidiaries
Lehman Brothers Inc., Neuberger Berman Inc., Aurora Loan Services, LLC, SIB Mortgage Corporation, Lehman Brothers Bank, FSB, Eagle Energy Partners, and the Crossroads Group


Website
Barclays Group Archives: Lehman Brothers


Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. (former NYSE ticker symbol LEH) /ˈliːmən/ was a global financial services firm. Before declaring bankruptcy in 2008, Lehman was the fourth-largest investment bank in the United States (behind Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, and Merrill Lynch), doing business in investment banking, equity and fixed-income sales and trading (especially U.S. Treasury securities), research, investment management, private equity, and private banking. Lehman was operational for 158 years from its founding in 1850 until 2008.[2]
On September 15, 2008, the firm filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection following the massive exodus of most of its clients, drastic losses in its stock, and devaluation of assets by credit rating agencies, largely sparked by Lehman's involvement in the subprime mortgage crisis, excessive risk taking and subsequent allegations of negligence and malfeasance.[3][4][5] Lehman's bankruptcy filing is the largest in US history,[6] and is thought to have played a major role in the unfolding of the late-2000s global financial crisis. On September 16, 2008, Lehman filed for bankruptcy. Global markets immediately plummeted, and systemic risk was uncorked. This market collapse also gave support to the "Too Big To Fail" doctrine.[7] The following day, Barclays announced its agreement to purchase, subject to regulatory approval, Lehman's North American investment-banking and trading divisions along with its New York headquarters building.[8][9] On September 20, 2008, a revised version of that agreement was approved by U.S. Bankruptcy Judge James M. Peck.[10] The next week, Nomura Holdings announced that it would acquire Lehman Brothers' franchise in the Asia-Pacific region, including Japan, Hong Kong and Australia,[11] as well as Lehman Brothers' investment banking and equities businesses in Europe and the Middle East. The deal became effective on October 13, 2008.[12]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Under the Lehman family (1850–1969)
1.2 An evolving partnership (1969–1984)
1.3 Merger with American Express (1984–1994)
1.4 Divestment and independence (1994–2008)
1.5 Response to September 11, 2001 attacks
1.6 June 2003 SEC litigation


2 Rise of Mortgage Origination-(1997-2006)
3 Collapse

3.1 Causes

3.1.1 Malfeasance
3.1.2 Subprime Mortgage Crisis
3.1.3 Short-selling allegations


3.2 Bankruptcy
3.3 Liquidation

3.3.1 Barclays acquisition
3.3.2 Nomura acquisition
3.3.3 Sale of asset management businesses


3.4 Financial fallout
3.5 Ongoing litigation


4 Merger and acquisition history
5 Board of directors
6 Former officers
7 In popular culture
8 Principal locations (first year of occupancy)
9 See also
10 References
11 Further reading
12 External links



History[edit]
Under the Lehman family (1850–1969)[edit]
See also: Lehman family




Emanuel and Mayer Lehman


In 1844, 23-year-old Henry Lehman,[13] the son of a Jewish cattle merchant, immigrated to the United States from Rimpar, Bavaria.[14] He settled in Montgomery, Alabama,[13] where he opened a dry-goods store, "H. Lehman".[15] In 1847, following the arrival of his brother Emanuel Lehman, the firm became "H. Lehman and Bro."[16] With the arrival of their youngest brother, Mayer Lehman, in 1850, the firm changed its name again and "Lehman Brothers" was founded.[15][17]
During the 1850s, cotton was one of the most important crops in the United States. Capitalizing on cotton's high market value, the three brothers began to routinely accept raw cotton from customers as payment for merchandise, eventually beginning a second business trading in cotton. Within a few years this business grew to become the most significant part of their operation. Following Henry's death from yellow fever in 1855,[15][18] the remaining brothers continued to focus on their commodities-trading/brokerage operations.
By 1858, the center of cotton trading had shifted from the South to New York City, where factors and commission houses were based. Lehman opened its first branch office at 119 Liberty Street,[18] and 32-year-old Emanuel relocated there to run the office.[15] In 1862, facing difficulties as a result of the Civil War, the firm teamed up with a cotton merchant named John Durr to form Lehman, Durr & Co.[19][20] Following the war the company helped finance Alabama's reconstruction. The firm's headquarters were eventually moved to New York City, where it helped found the New York Cotton Exchange in 1870;[18][21] Emanuel sat on the board of governors until 1884. The firm also dealt in the emerging market for railroad bonds and entered the financial-advisory business.




Herbert H. Lehman
Official U.S. Senate Photo


Lehman became a member of the Coffee Exchange as early as 1883 and finally the New York Stock Exchange in 1887.[18][21] In 1899, it underwrote its first public offering, the preferred and common stock of the International Steam Pump Company.[22]
Despite the offering of International Steam, the firm's real shift from being a commodities house to a house of issue did not begin until 1906. In that year, under Emanuel's son Philip Lehman, the firm partnered with Goldman, Sachs & Co.,[23][24] to bring the General Cigar Co. to market,[25] followed closely by Sears, Roebuck and Company.[25] During the following two decades, almost one hundred new issues were underwritten by Lehman, many times in conjunction with Goldman, Sachs. Among these were F.W. Woolworth Company,[25][26] May Department Stores Company, Gimbel Brothers, Inc.,[27] R.H. Macy & Company,[27] The Studebaker Corporation,[26] the B.F. Goodrich Co. and Endicott Johnson Corporation.
Following Philip Lehman's retirement in 1925, his son Robert "Bobbie" Lehman took over as head of the firm. During Bobbie's tenure, the company weathered the capital crisis of the Great Depression by focusing on venture capital while the equities market recovered.
Traditionally a family-only partnership, in 1924, John M. Hancock became the first non-family member to join the firm,[23][28] followed by Monroe C. Gutman and Paul Mazur in 1927. By 1928, the firm moved to its now famous One William Street location.




Pete Peterson


In the 1930s, Lehman underwrote the initial public offering of the first television manufacturer, DuMont, and helped fund the Radio Corporation of America (RCA).[29] It also helped finance the rapidly growing oil industry, including the companies Halliburton and Kerr-McGee. In the 1950s, Lehman underwrote the IPO of Digital Equipment Corporation. Later, it arranged the acquisition of Digital by Compaq.
An evolving partnership (1969–1984)[edit]





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Robert Lehman died in 1969 after 44 years as the patriarch of the firm, leaving no member of the Lehman family actively involved with the partnership.[30] Robert's death, coupled with a lack of a clear successor from within the Lehman family left a void in the company. At the same time, Lehman was facing strong headwinds amidst the difficult economic environment of the early 1970s. By 1972, the firm was facing hard times and in 1973, Pete Peterson, chairman and chief executive officer of the Bell & Howell Corporation, was brought in to save the firm.[30]
Under Peterson's leadership as chairman and CEO, the firm acquired Abraham & Co. in 1975, and two years later merged with the venerable, but struggling, Kuhn, Loeb & Co.,[30] to form Lehman Brothers, Kuhn, Loeb Inc., the country's fourth-largest investment bank, behind Salomon Brothers, Goldman Sachs and First Boston.[31] Peterson led the firm from significant operating losses to five consecutive years of record profits with a return on equity among the highest in the investment-banking industry.
By the early 1980s, hostilities between the firm's investment bankers and traders (who were driving most of the firm's profits) prompted Peterson to promote Lewis Glucksman, the firm's President, COO and former trader, to be his co-CEO in May 1983. Glucksman introduced a number of changes that had the effect of increasing tensions, which when coupled with Glucksman’s management style and a downturn in the markets, resulted in a power struggle that ousted Peterson and left Glucksman as the sole CEO.[32]
Upset bankers who had soured over the power struggle, left the company. Stephen A. Schwarzman, chairman of the firm's M&A committee, recalled in a February 2003 interview with Private Equity International that "Lehman Brothers had an extremely competitive internal environment, which ultimately became dysfunctional." The company suffered under the disintegration, and Glucksman was pressured into selling the firm.
Merger with American Express (1984–1994)[edit]




Shearson Lehman/American Express Logo


Main article: Shearson Lehman Hutton
Shearson/American Express, an American Express-owned securities company focused on brokerage rather than investment banking, acquired Lehman in 1984, for $360 million. On May 11, the combined firms became Shearson Lehman/American Express.[32] In 1988, Shearson Lehman/American Express and E.F. Hutton & Co. merged as Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc.[33]
From 1983 to 1990, Peter A. Cohen was CEO and chairman of Shearson Lehman Brothers,[34] where he led the one billion dollar purchase of E.F. Hutton to form Shearson Lehman Hutton.[35] During this period, Shearson Lehman was aggressive in building its leveraged finance business in the model of rival Drexel Burnham Lambert. In 1989, Shearson backed F. Ross Johnson's management team in its attempted management buyout of RJR Nabisco but were ultimately outbid by private equity firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, who was backed by Drexel.
Divestment and independence (1994–2008)[edit]
In 1993, under newly appointed CEO, Harvey Golub, American Express began to divest itself of its banking and brokerage operations. It sold its retail brokerage and asset management operations to Primerica[36] and in 1994 it spun off Lehman Brothers Kuhn Loeb in an initial public offering, as Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc.[37]
Despite rumors that it would be acquired again, Lehman performed quite well under chairman and CEO Richard S. Fuld, Jr.. By 2008, Fuld had been with the company for 30 years, and would be the longest-tenured CEO on Wall Street. Fuld had steered Lehman through the 1997 Asian Financial Crisis, a period where the firm's share price dropped to $22 USD in 1998, but he was said to have underestimated the downturn in the US housing market and its effect on Lehman's mortgage bond underwriting business. Fuld kept his job as the subprime mortgage crisis took hold, while CEOs of rivals like Bear Stearns, Merrill Lynch, and Citigroup were forced to resign.[38] In addition, Lehman's board of directors, which included retired CEOs like Vodafone's Christopher Gent and IBM's John Akers were reluctant to challenge Fuld as the firm's share price spiraled lower.[38]
Fuld had a succession of "number twos" under him, usually titled as president and chief operating officer. Chris Pettit was Fuld's second-in-command for two decades until November 26, 1996, when he resigned as president and board member. Pettit lost a power struggle with his deputies (Steve Lessing, Tom Tucker, and Joseph M. Gregory) back on March 15 that year that caused him to relinquish its COO title, likely brought about after the three men found out about Pettit's extramarital affairs, which violated Fuld's unwritten rules on marriage and social etiquette. Bradley Jack and Joseph M. Gregory were appointed co-COOs in 2002, but Jack was demoted to the office of the chairman in May 2004 and departed in June 2005 with a severance package of $80 million, making Gregory the sole COO. While Fuld was considered the "face" of Lehman brothers, Gregory was in charge of day-to-day operations and he influenced culture to drive the bottom line.[39] Gregory was demoted on June 12, 2008 and replaced as president and COO by Bart McDade, who had been serving as head of Equities, and McDade would see Lehman through bankruptcy.[40][41] McDade would later be one of a handful of Lehman executives offered a position with Barclays after their acquisition; he would step down after less than two months.[42]
In 2001, the firm acquired the private-client services, or "PCS", business of Cowen & Co.[43] and later, in 2003, aggressively re-entered the asset-management business, which it had exited in 1989.[44] Beginning with $2 billion in assets under management, the firm acquired the Crossroads Group, the fixed-income division of Lincoln Capital Management[44] and Neuberger Berman.[45] These businesses, together with the PCS business and Lehman's private-equity business, comprised the Investment Management Division, which generated approximately $3.1 billion in net revenue and almost $800 million in pretax income in 2007. Prior to going bankrupt, the firm had in excess of $275 billion in assets under management. Altogether, since going public in 1994, the firm had increased net revenues over 600% from $2.73 billion to $19.2 billion and had increased employee headcount over 230% from 8,500 to almost 28,600.
At the 2008 ALB China Law Awards,[46] Lehman Brothers was crowned:

Deal of the Year – Debt Market Deal of the Year
Deal of the Year – Equity Market Deal of the Year

Response to September 11, 2001 attacks[edit]




The former New York City headquarters now owned by Barclays.


On September 11, 2001, Lehman occupied three floors of World Trade Center where one of its employees was killed in the terrorist attacks of that day. Its global headquarters in Three World Financial Center were severely damaged and rendered unusable by falling debris, displacing over 6,500 employees. The bank recovered quickly and rebuilt its presence. Trading operations moved across the Hudson River to its Jersey City, New Jersey, facilities, where an impromptu trading floor was built in a hotel and brought online less than forty-eight hours after the attacks. When stock markets reopened on September 17, 2001, Lehman's sales and trading capabilities were restored.
In the ensuing months, the firm fanned out its operations across the New York City metropolitan area in over 40 temporary locations. The investment-banking division converted the first-floor lounges, restaurants, and all 665 guestrooms of the Sheraton Manhattan Hotel into office space.[47]
The bank also experimented with flextime (to share office space) and telecommuting via virtual private networking. In October 2001, Lehman purchased a 32-story, 1,050,000-square-foot (98,000 m2) office building for a reported sum of $700 million. The building, located at 745 Seventh Avenue, had recently been completed, and not yet occupied, by rival Morgan Stanley.
With Morgan Stanley's world headquarters located only two blocks away at 1585 Broadway, in the wake of the attacks the firm was re-evaluating its office plans which would have put over 10,000 employees in the Times Square area of New York City. Lehman began moving into the new facility in January and finished in March 2002, a move that significantly boosted morale throughout the firm.[39]
The firm was criticized for not moving back to its former headquarters in lower Manhattan. Following the attacks, only Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, and Merrill Lynch, of the major firms, remained in the downtown area. Lehman, however, pointed to the facts that it was committed to stay in New York City, that the new headquarters represented an ideal circumstance where the firm was desperate to buy and Morgan Stanley was desperate to sell, that when the new building was purchased, the structural integrity of Three World Financial Center had not yet been given a clean bill of health, and that the company could not have waited until May 2002 for repairs to Three World Financial Center to conclude.
After the attacks, Lehman's management placed increased emphasis on business continuity planning. Unlike its rivals, the company was unusually concentrated for a bulge-bracket investment bank. For example, Morgan Stanley maintains a 750,000-square-foot (70,000 m2) trading-and-banking facility in Westchester County, New York. The trading floor of UBS is located in Stamford, Connecticut. Merrill Lynch's asset-management division is located in Plainsboro Township, New Jersey. Aside from its headquarters in Three World Financial Center, Lehman maintained operations-and-backoffice facilities in Jersey City, space that the firm considered leaving prior to 9/11. The space was not only retained, but expanded, including the construction of a backup-trading facility. In addition, telecommuting technology first rolled out in the days following the attacks to allow employees to work from home was expanded and enhanced for general use throughout the firm.[48]
June 2003 SEC litigation[edit]
In June 2003, the company was one of ten firms which simultaneously entered into a settlement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Office of the New York State Attorney General and various other securities regulators, regarding undue influence over each firm's research analysts by its investment-banking divisions. Specifically, regulators alleged that the firms had improperly associated analyst compensation with the firms' investment-banking revenues, and promised favorable, market-moving research coverage, in exchange for underwriting opportunities. The settlement, known as the "global settlement", provided for total financial penalties of $1.4 billion, including $80 million against Lehman, and structural reforms, including a complete separation of investment banking departments from research departments, no analyst compensation, directly or indirectly, from investment-banking revenues, and the provision of free, independent, third-party, research to the firms' clients.
Rise of Mortgage Origination-(1997-2006)[edit]
Lehman was one of the first Wall Street firms to move into the business of mortgage origination. In 1997, Lehman bought Colorado-based lender, Aurora Loan Services, an Alt-A lender. In 2000, to expand their mortgage origination pipeline, Lehman purchased West Coast subprime mortgage lender BNC Mortgage LLC. Lehman quickly became a force in the subprime market. By 2003 Lehman made $18.2 billion in loans and ranked third in lending. By 2004, this number topped $40 billion. By 2006, Aurora and BNC were lending almost $50 billion per month.[49] Lehman had morphed into a real estate hedge fund disguised as an investment bank.[50] By 2008, Lehman had assets of $680 billion supported by only $22.5 billion of firm capital. From an equity position, its risky commercial real estate holdings were three times greater than capital. In such a highly leveraged structure, a 3 to 5 percent decline in real estate values would wipeout all capital.
Collapse[edit]
Main article: Bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers
Causes[edit]
Malfeasance[edit]
A March 2010 report by the court-appointed examiner indicated that Lehman executives regularly used cosmetic accounting gimmicks at the end of each quarter to make its finances appear less shaky than they really were. This practice was a type of repurchase agreement that temporarily removed securities from the company's balance sheet. However, unlike typical repurchase agreements, these deals were described by Lehman as the outright sale of securities and created "a materially misleading picture of the firm’s financial condition in late 2007 and 2008."[51]
Subprime Mortgage Crisis[edit]
In August 2007 the firm closed its subprime lender, BNC Mortgage, eliminating 1,200 positions in 23 locations, and took an after-tax charge of $25 million and a $27 million reduction in goodwill. Lehman said that poor market conditions in the mortgage space "necessitated a substantial reduction in its resources and capacity in the subprime space".[52]
In 2008, Lehman faced an unprecedented loss to the continuing subprime mortgage crisis. Lehman's loss was a result of having held on to large positions in subprime and other lower-rated mortgage tranches when securitizing the underlying mortgages; whether Lehman did this because it was simply unable to sell the lower-rated bonds, or made a conscious decision to hold them, is unclear. In any event, huge losses accrued in lower-rated mortgage-backed securities throughout 2008. In the second fiscal quarter, Lehman reported losses of $2.8 billion and was forced to sell off $6 billion in assets.[53] In the first half of 2008 alone, Lehman stock lost 73% of its value as the credit market continued to tighten.[53] In August 2008, Lehman reported that it intended to release 6% of its work force, 1,500 people, just ahead of its third-quarter-reporting deadline in September.[53]
In September 2007, Joe Gregory appointed Erin Callan as CFO. On March 16, 2008, after rival Bear Stearns was taken over by JP Morgan Chase in a fire sale, market analysts suggested that Lehman would be the next major investment bank to fall. Callan fielded Lehman's first quarter conference call, where the firm posted a profit of $489 million, compared to Citigroup's $5.1 billion and Merrill Lynch's $1.97 billion losses which was Lehman’s 55th consecutive profitable quarter. The firm's stock price leapt 46 percent after that announcement.[39][54][55][56]
On June 9, 2008, Lehman Brothers announced US$2.8 billion second-quarter loss, its first since being spun off from American Express, as market volatility rendered many of its hedges ineffective during that time. Lehman also reported that it had raised a further $6 billion in capital. As a result, there was major management shakeup, in which Hugh "Skip" McGee III (head of investment banking) held a meeting with senior staff to strip Fuld and his lieutenants of their authority. Consequently, Joe Gregory agreed to resign as president and COO, and afterward he told Erin Callan that she had to resign as CFO. Callan was appointed CFO of Lehman in 2008 but served only for six months, before departing after her mentor Joe Gregory was demoted.[54][55][56] Bart McDade was named to succeed Gregory as president and COO, when several senior executives threatened to leave if he was not promoted. McDade took charge and brought back Michael Gelband and Alex Kirk, who had previously been pushed out of the firm by Gregory for not taking risks. Although Fuld remained CEO, he soon became isolated from McDade's team.[39][57]
On August 22, 2008, shares in Lehman closed up 5% (16% for the week) on reports that the state-controlled Korea Development Bank was considering buying the bank.[58] Most of those gains were quickly eroded as news came in that Korea Development Bank was "facing difficulties pleasing regulators and attracting partners for the deal."[59] It culminated on September 9, when Lehman's shares plunged 45% to $7.79, after it was reported that the state-run South Korean firm had put talks on hold.[60]
Investor confidence continued to erode as Lehman's stock lost roughly half its value and pushed the S&P 500 down 3.4% on September 9. The Dow Jones lost 300 points the same day on investors' concerns about the security of the bank.[61] The U.S. government did not announce any plans to assist with any possible financial crisis that emerged at Lehman.[62]
The next day, Lehman announced a loss of $3.9 billion and its intent to sell off a majority stake in its investment-management business, which includes Neuberger Berman.[63][64] The stock slid seven percent that day.[64][65] Lehman, after earlier rejecting questions on the sale of the company, was reportedly searching for a buyer as its stock price dropped another 40 percent on September 11, 2008.[65]
Just before the collapse of Lehman Brothers, executives at Neuberger Berman sent e-mail memos suggesting, among other things, that the Lehman Brothers' top people forgo multimillion-dollar bonuses to "send a strong message to both employees and investors that management is not shirking accountability for recent performance."[66]
Lehman Brothers Investment Management Director George Herbert Walker IV dismissed the proposal, going so far as to actually apologize to other members of the Lehman Brothers executive committee for the idea of bonus reduction having been suggested. He wrote, "Sorry team. I am not sure what's in the water at Neuberger Berman. I'm embarrassed and I apologize."[66]
Short-selling allegations[edit]
During hearings on the bankruptcy filing by Lehman Brothers and bailout of AIG before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform,[67] former Lehman Brothers CEO Richard Fuld said a host of factors including a crisis of confidence and naked short-selling attacks followed by false rumors contributed to both the collapse of Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers. House committee Chairman Henry Waxman said the committee received thousands of pages of internal documents from Lehman and these documents portray a company in which there was "no accountability for failure".[68][69][70]
An article by journalist Matt Taibbi in Rolling Stone contended that naked short selling contributed to the demise of both Lehman and Bear Stearns.[71] A study by finance researchers at the University of Oklahoma Price College of Business studied trading in financial stocks, including Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns, and found "no evidence that stock price declines were caused by naked short selling".[72]
Bankruptcy[edit]
On Saturday, September 13, 2008, Timothy F. Geithner, then the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, called a meeting on the future of Lehman, which included the possibility of an emergency liquidation of its assets.[73] Lehman reported that it had been in talks with Bank of America and Barclays for the company's possible sale; however, both Barclays and Bank of America ultimately declined to purchase the entire company, in the former case because the British government (in particular, the Chancellor of the Exchequer Alastair Darling and the CEO of the Financial Services Authority Hector Sants) refused to allow the transaction at the last minute, quoting stockholder regulations in the UK, despite a deal having apparently been completed.[73][74]
The next day, Sunday, September 14, the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) offered an exceptional trading session to allow market participants to offset positions in various derivatives on the condition of a Lehman bankruptcy later that day.[75] Although the bankruptcy filing missed the deadline, many dealers honored the trades they made in the special session.[76]




Lehman Brothers headquarters in New York City on September 15, 2008


Shortly before 1 am Monday morning (UTC−5), Lehman Brothers Holdings announced it would file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection[77] citing bank debt of $613 billion, $155 billion in bond debt, and assets worth $639 billion.[78] It further announced that its subsidiaries would continue to operate as normal.[77] A group of Wall Street firms agreed to provide capital and financial assistance for the bank's orderly liquidation and the Federal Reserve, in turn, agreed to a swap of lower-quality assets in exchange for loans and other assistance from the government.[79] The morning witnessed scenes of Lehman employees removing files, items with the company logo, and other belongings from the world headquarters at 745 Seventh Avenue. The spectacle continued throughout the day and into the following day.
Later that day, the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) suspended Lehman's Australian subsidiary as a market participant after clearing-houses terminated contracts with the firm.[80] Lehman shares tumbled over 90% on September 15, 2008.[81][82] The Dow Jones closed down just over 500 points on September 15, 2008, which was at the time the largest drop in a single day since the days following the attacks on September 11, 2001.[83]
In the United Kingdom, the investment bank went into administration with PricewaterhouseCoopers appointed as administrators.[84] In Japan, the Japanese branch, Lehman Brothers Japan Inc., and its holding company filed for civil reorganization on September 16, 2008, in Tokyo District Court.[85] On September 17, 2008, the New York Stock Exchange delisted Lehman Brothers.[86]
On March 16, 2011 some three years after filing for bankruptcy and following a filing in a Manhattan U.S. bankruptcy court, Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc announced it would seek creditor approval of its reorganization plan by October 14 followed by a confirmation hearing to follow on November 17.[87][88]
Liquidation[edit]
Barclays acquisition[edit]
On September 16, 2008, Barclays PLC announced that they would acquire a "stripped clean" portion of Lehman for $1.75 billion, including most of Lehman's North America operations.[8][89] On September 20, 2008, a revised version of the deal, a $1.35 billion (£700 million) plan for Barclays to acquire the core business of Lehman (mainly its $960-million headquarters, a 38-story office building[90] in Midtown Manhattan, with responsibility for 9,000 former employees), was approved.[91][92] Manhattan court bankruptcy Judge James Peck, after a 7-hour hearing, ruled: "I have to approve this transaction because it is the only available transaction. Lehman Brothers became a victim, in effect the only true icon to fall in a tsunami that has befallen the credit markets. This is the most momentous bankruptcy hearing I've ever sat through. It can never be deemed precedent for future cases. It's hard for me to imagine a similar emergency."[93]
Luc Despins, then a partner at Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy, the creditors committee counsel, said: "The reason we're not objecting is really based on the lack of a viable alternative. We did not support the transaction because there had not been enough time to properly review it."[citation needed] In the amended agreement, Barclays would absorb $47.4 billion in securities and assume $45.5 billion in trading liabilities. Lehman's attorney Harvey R. Miller of Weil, Gotshal & Manges, said "the purchase price for the real estate components of the deal would be $1.29 billion, including $960 million for Lehman's New York headquarters and $330 million for two New Jersey data centers. Lehman's original estimate valued its headquarters at $1.02 billion but an appraisal from CB Richard Ellis this week valued it at $900 million."[citation needed] Further, Barclays will not acquire Lehman's Eagle Energy unit, but will have entities known as Lehman Brothers Canada Inc, Lehman Brothers Sudamerica, Lehman Brothers Uruguay and its Private Investment Management business for high-net-worth individuals. Finally, Lehman will retain $20 billion of securities assets in Lehman Brothers Inc that are not being transferred to Barclays.[94] Barclays acquired a potential liability of $2.5 billion to be paid as severance, if it chooses not to retain some Lehman employees beyond the guaranteed 90 days.[95][96]
Nomura acquisition[edit]
Nomura Holdings, Japan's top brokerage firm, agreed to buy the Asian division of Lehman Brothers for $225 million and parts of the European division for a nominal fee of $2.[97][98] It would not take on any trading assets or liabilities in the European units. Nomura negotiated such a low price because it acquired only Lehman's employees in the regions, and not its stocks, bonds or other assets. The last Lehman Brothers Annual Report identified that these non-US subsidiaries of Lehman Brothers were responsible for over 50% of global revenue produced.[99]
Sale of asset management businesses[edit]
On September 29, 2008, Lehman agreed to sell Neuberger Berman, part of its investment management business, to a pair of private-equity firms, Bain Capital Partners and Hellman & Friedman, for $2.15 billion.[100] The transaction was expected to close in early 2009, subject to approval by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court,[101] but a competing bid was entered by the firm's management, who ultimately prevailed in a bankruptcy auction on December 3, 2008. Creditors of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. retain a 49% common equity interest in the firm, now known as Neuberger Berman Group LLC.[102] In Europe, the Quantitative Asset Management Business has been acquired back by its employees on November 13, 2008 and has been renamed back to TOBAM.
Financial fallout[edit]
Lehman's bankruptcy was the largest failure of an investment bank since Drexel Burnham Lambert collapsed amid fraud allegations 18 years prior.[79] Immediately following the bankruptcy filing, an already distressed financial market began a period of extreme volatility, during which the Dow experienced its largest one day point loss, largest intra-day range (more than 1,000 points) and largest daily point gain. What followed was what many have called the "perfect storm" of economic distress factors and eventually a $700bn bailout package (Troubled Asset Relief Program) prepared by Henry Paulson, Secretary of the Treasury, and approved by Congress. The Dow eventually closed at a new six-year low of 7,552.29 on November 20, followed by a further drop to 6626 by March of the next year. Durvexity spiked, due to funding issues at the major investment banks.[103]
The fall of Lehman also had a strong effect on small private investors such as bond holders and holders of so-called Minibonds. In Germany structured products, often based on an index, were sold mostly to private investors, elderly, retired persons, students and families. Most of those now worthless derivatives were sold by the German arm of Citigroup, the German Citibank now owned by Crédit Mutuel.
Ongoing litigation[edit]
On March 11, 2010, Anton R. Valukas, a court-appointed examiner, published the results of its year-long investigation into the finances of Lehman Brothers.[104] This report revealed that Lehman Brothers used an accounting procedure termed repo 105 to temporarily exchange $50 billion of assets into cash just before publishing its financial statements.[105] The action could be seen to implicate both Ernst & Young, the bank's accountancy firm and Richard S. Fuld, Jr, the former CEO.[106] This could potentially lead to Ernst & Young being found guilty of financial malpractice and Fuld facing time in prison.[107]
According to The Wall Street Journal, in March 2011, the SEC announced that they weren't confident that they could prove that Lehman Brothers violated US laws in its accounting practices.[108]
In October 2011 the administrators of Lehman Brothers Holding Inc. lost their appeal to overturn a court order forcing them to pay £148 million into their underfunded pensions plan.[109]
As of January 2016, Lehman has already paid more than $105 billion to its unsecured creditors. In addition, JPMorgan will pay $1.42 billion in cash to settle a lawsuit accusing JPMorgan of draining Lehman Brothers liquidity right before the crash. The settlement would permit another $1.496 to be paid to creditors and a separate $76 million deposit.[110]
Merger and acquisition history[edit]
The following is an illustration of the company's major mergers and acquisitions and historical predecessors (this is not a comprehensive list):[111]


Lehman Brothers
(1994, spun off by American Express;
2008, bankrupt – see Bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers)




Shearson Lehman Hutton
(merged 1988)



Shearson Lehman Brothers
(merged 1984)



Shearson/American Express
(merged 1981)





American Express
(est. 1850)






Shearson Loeb Rhoades
(acquired 1981)



Shearson Hayden Stone
(merged 1973)



Hayden Stone, Inc. (formerly CBWL-Hayden Stone, merged 1970)





Cogan, Berlind, Weill & Levitt
(formerly Carter, Berlind, Potoma & Weill, est. 1960)








Hayden, Stone & Co.














Shearson, Hammill & Co.
(est. 1902)












Loeb, Rhoades, Hornblower & Co.
(merged 1978)



Loeb, Rhoades & Co.
(merged 1937)





Carl M. Loeb & Co.
(est. 1931)








Rhoades & Company
(est. 1905)












Hornblower, Weeks, Noyes & Trask
(merged 1953–1977)





Hornblower & Weeks
(est. 1888)








Hemphill, Noyes & Co.
(est. 1919, acq. 1963)








Spencer Trask & Co.
(est. 1866 as Trask & Brown)








Paul H. Davis & Co.
(est. 1920, acq. 1953)






























Lehman Brothers Kuhn Loeb
(merged 1977)



Lehman Brothers
(merged 1975)





Abraham & Co.
(est. 1938)








Lehman Brothers
(est. 1850)














Kuhn, Loeb & Co.
(est. 1867)




















E. F. Hutton & Co.
(est. 1904)














Neuberger Berman
(est. 1939, acq. 2003,
sold to management 2009)








Crossroads Group
(est. 1981, acq. 2003)












Board of directors[edit]

Richard S. Fuld, Jr., chairman and chief executive officer[112]
Michael L. Ainslie[112]
John F. Akers[112]
Roger S. Berlind[112]
Thomas Cruikshank[112]
Marsha Johnson Evans[112]
Sir Christopher Gent[112]
Roland A. Hernandez [112]
Dr. Henry Kaufman[112]
John D. Macomber[112]

Former officers[edit]

Richard S. Fuld, Jr.
Tom Russo
Scott J. Freidheim
Bart McDade
Joe Gregory
Ian Lowitt, chief financial officer at the time of Lehman's collapse
Jessie Bhattal
Jeremy Isaacs (not Sir Jeremy Isaacs, the British television producer and executive)
Hugh McGee
George Herbert Walker IV
Michael Gelband

In popular culture[edit]
The events of the weekend leading up to Lehman's bankruptcy were dramatized in The Last Days of Lehman Brothers, a 2009 British-made television film.
In the 2010 animated film Despicable Me, Lehman Brothers is referenced near the beginning. The main character Gru travels to the Bank of Evil, the bank that funds all evil plots for villains around the world, to try to take out a loan. As he passes under the banner with the bank's name, and under "Bank of Evil", in small letters, it reads, "Formerly Lehman Brothers".[113]
The 2011 American independent drama film Margin Call focuses on the events of a 24-hour period at a large investment bank based on amalgam of large investment banks, drawing heavily from the culture of Lehman Brothers. (However, the events in the movie are primarily a depiction of the actions of Goldman Sachs.)
In the 2011 comedy American film Horrible Bosses, Kenny Sommerfeld mentioned that he is a Yale graduate who worked for Lehman Brothers. He was earning a high six-figure salary, but is now unable to buy even basic necessities and lives in poverty.
The 2011 HBO movie Too Big to Fail recounted the days before Lehman Brothers declared bankruptcy and the fallout afterward.
The fall of Lehman Brothers is depicted in the 2015 movie The Big Short (film) where two of the characters walk around the Lehman Brothers offices after the bankruptcy to see the main trading floor.
Lehman Brothers is parodied in the 2016 Disney animated film Zootopia, which depicts a financial firm called "Lemming Brothers", staffed by lemmings.
Principal locations (first year of occupancy)[edit]

17 Court Square, Montgomery, Alabama (1847)*[114]
119 Liberty Street, New York, NY (1858)[114]
176 Fulton Street, New York, NY (1865–1866?)[21][114]
133–35 Pearl Street, New York, NY (1867)[21][114]
40 Exchange Place, New York, NY (1876)[21][114]
16 William Street, New York, NY (1892)[114]
One William Street, New York, NY (1928) **[114]
55 Water Street (1980) ***[115]
3 World Financial Center (1985)[116]
745 Seventh Avenue, New York, NY (2002)[117]

* Henry Lehman established his first store location on Commerce Street, in Montgomery, in 1845. In 1848, one year after Emanuel's arrival, the brothers moved "H. Lehman & Bro." to 17 Court Square, where it remained when Mayer arrived in 1850, forming "Lehman Brothers".
** Designated as a landmark by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Committee in 1996.
*** Sales and trading personnel had been in this location since 1977, when they were joined by the firm's investment bankers and brokers.
See also[edit]


Companies portal



MF Global, the largest Wall Street firm to collapse since the Lehman Brothers debacle in September 2008.
Valukas Report on the failure of Lehman

References[edit]


^ "History of the Lehman Brothers". Harvard University Library-Lehman Brothers Collection. Retrieved 2010-12-01. 
^ Melvyn Dubofsky (2013). The Oxford Encyclopedia of American Business, Labor, and Economic History. Oxford University Press. pp. 470–. ISBN 978-0-19-973881-6. 
^ Michael P. Malloy (2010). Anatomy of a Meltdown: A Dual Financial Biography of the Subprime Mortgage Crisis. Wolters Kluwer Law & Business. ISBN 978-0-7355-9458-6. 
^ Asli Yüksel Mermod; Samuel O. Idowu (29 August 2013). Corporate Social Responsibility in the Global Business World. Springer Science & Business Media. pp. 124–. ISBN 978-3-642-37620-7. 
^ Williams, Mark (April 12, 2010). Uncontrolled Risk. McGraw-Hill Education. ISBN 978-0071638296. 
^ Mamudi, Sam (September 15, 2005). "Lehman folds with record $613 billion debt". Marketwatch. 
^ Williams, Mark (April 12, 2010). Uncontrolled Risk. McGraw-Hill Education. p. 178. ISBN 978-0071638296. 
^ a b "Barclays announces agreement to acquire Lehman Brothers North American investment banking and capital markets businesses" (Press release). Barclays PLC. September 17, 2008. Archived from the original on December 13, 2013. Retrieved 2008-09-17. 
^ "Barclays buys core Lehman assets". BBC News. September 17, 2008. 
^ "Judge approves $1.3 billion Lehman deal". BBC News. September 20, 2008. 
^ "Nomura to acquire Lehman Brothers' Asia Pacific franchise" (Press release). Nomura Holdings. September 22, 2008. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ "Nomura to close acquisition of Lehman Brothers' Europe and Middle East investment banking and equities businesses on October 13" (Press release). Nomura Holdings. October 6, 2008. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 49
^ Bernhard, William, L., Birge, June Rossbach Bingham, Loeb, John L., Jr.. Lots of Lehmans – The Family of Mayer Lehman of Lehman Brothers, Remembered by His Descendants. Center For Jewish History, 2007, page 1
^ a b c d Wechsberg, Joseph. The Merchant Bankers. Pocket Books, 1966, page 233
^ Bernhard, William, L., Birge, June Rossbach Bingham, Loeb, John L., Jr.. Lots of Lehmans – The Family of Mayer Lehman of Lehman Brothers, Remembered by His Descendants. Center For Jewish History, 2007, page 5
^ Birmingham, Stephen. Our Crowd: The Great Jewish Families of New York. Harper and Row, 1967, page 47
^ a b c d Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 50
^ Birmingham, Stephen. Our Crowd: The Great Jewish Families of New York. Harper and Row, 1967, page 77
^ Bernhard, William, L., Birge, June Rossbach Bingham, Loeb, John L., Jr.. Lots of Lehmans – The Family of Mayer Lehman of Lehman Brothers, Remembered by His Descendants. Center For Jewish History, 2007, page 8
^ a b c d e Wechsberg, Joseph. The Merchant Bankers. Pocket Books, 1966, page 235
^ Swaine, Robert T. (1946). The Cravath Firm and Its Predecessors, 1819-1947. The Lawbook Exchange, Ltd. p. 633. ISBN 978-1-58477-713-7. Retrieved June 3, 2014. 
^ a b Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 51
^ Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 285
^ a b c Wechsberg, Joseph. The Merchant Bankers. Pocket Books, 1966, page 238
^ a b Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 53
^ a b Wechsberg, Joseph. The Merchant Bankers. Pocket Books, 1966, page 241
^ "John M. Hancock Papers". University of North Dakota. Archived from the original on 2007-02-10. Retrieved 2008-09-14. 
^ Ingham, John N. (1983). Biographical Dictionary of American Business Leaders. Greenwood Publishing Group. ISBN 9780313213625. Retrieved 2008-09-14. 
^ a b c Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 77[dead link]
^ Sloane, Leonard (November 29, 1977). "Lehman and Kuhn Loeb to Merge; Lehman Brothers and Kuhn Loeb Sign Agreement to Merge December 16". The New York Times. 
^ a b Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 78
^ Cole, Robert J. (December 4, 1987). "Company News – Hutton-Shearson Deal Announced". The New York Times. 
^ "Profile: Peter A. Cohen". Forbes. forbes.com. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ "Shearson Lehman Buying out E.F. Hutton – Rights Managed". Pro.corbis.com. Retrieved 2010-10-16. [permanent dead link]
^ Quint, Michael (March 13, 1993). "Primerica Will Buy Shearson for $1 billion". The New York Times. 
^ Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 79
^ a b Christian Plumb and Dan Wilchins (September 14, 2008). "Lehman CEO Fuld's hubris contributed to meltdown". Reuters. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b c d "Print Page". Nymag.com. Retrieved 2013-10-07. 
^ Ward, Vicky (October 20, 2009). "Business: Lehman's Desperate Housewives &#124". Vanity Fair. VanityFair.com. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ Truell, Peter (November 27, 1996). "Pettit Resigns as President Of Lehman Brothers Firm". The New York Times. 
^ White, Ben; de la Merced, Michael J. (October 31, 2008). "McDade to Leave Barclays Capital". The New York Times. 
^ Charles Gasparino (July 18, 2000). "Lehman Brothers to take over SG Cowen's brokerage division". The Financial Express. Archived from the original on May 14, 2013. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b Christine Williamson. "Back Again: Lehman returns to institutional management with Lincoln deal; Purchase of fixed-income business ends 13-year absence". Pensions & Investments. Goliath. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Thomas, Landon, Jr. (July 23, 2003). "Market Place; Lehman to Buy Neuberger Berman For $2.6 Billion". The New York Times. 
^ "Legalbusinessonline.com.au". Legalbusinessonline.com.au. September 19, 2011. Retrieved 2011-11-02. [dead link]
^ Bill Egbert (September 19, 2001). "Lehman Checks into Sheraton". Daily News. nydailynews.com. Archived from the original on May 14, 2012. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ "Cast Study: Lehman Brothers" (PDF). Citrix.com. 2003. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2012-11-24. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Williams, Mark (April 12, 2010). Uncontrolled Risk. McGraw-Hill Education. p. 129. ISBN 978-0071638296. 
^ Williams, Mark (April 12, 2010). Uncontrolled Risk. McGraw-Hill Education. p. 135. ISBN 978-0071638296. 
^ Mark Trumbull (March 12, 2010). "Lehman Bros. used accounting trick amid financial crisis – and earlier". The Christian Science Monitor. csmonitor.com. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Kulikowski, Laura (August 22, 2007). "Lehman Brothers Amputates Mortgage Arm". TheStreet.com. Retrieved 2008-03-18. 
^ a b c Anderson, Jenny; Dash, Eric (August 29, 2008). "Struggling Lehman Plans to Lay Off 1,500". The New York Times. 
^ a b Katie Benner (September 26, 2008). "I was lucky to get out". Fortune. CNNmoney. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b "Sexist Language". NPR Ombudsman. June 20, 2008. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b Sellers, Patricia (March 8, 2010). "The Fall of a Wall Street Highflier". Fortune. CNNmoney. Archived from the original on December 9, 2011. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Onaran, Yalman; Helyar, John (December 31, 2008). "The fall of Lehman Bros - Part 4". The New Zealand Herald. 
^ Anderson, Jenny; Thomas, Landon, Jr. (August 22, 2008). "Lehman’s Shares Gain on Signs of Raising Capital". The New York Times. 
^ Morcroft, Greg (September 4, 2008). "Financials slip as Korea snags weigh on Lehman and Merrill". MarketWatch. 
^ Association of Funding Professionals (September 9, 2008). "Lehman Brothers in freefall as hopes fade for new capital". Google News. Archived from the original on April 21, 2009. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ "Dow plunges nearly 300 points on concern about Lehman". Times-Picayune. New Orleans. September 9, 2008. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Anderson, Jenny (September 9, 2008). "Wall Street’s Fears on Lehman Bros. Batter Markets". The New York Times. 
^ White, Ben (September 10, 2008). "Lehman Sees $3.9 billion Loss and Plans to Shed Assets". The New York Times. 
^ a b Bruno, Joe Bel (September 10, 2008). "Lehman shares slip on plans to auction off unit, consider sale of company". The Seattle Times. Associated Press. 
^ a b Anderson, Jenny; Sorkin, Andrew Ross (September 11, 2008). "As Pressure Builds, Lehman Said to Be Looking for a Buyer". The New York Times. 
^ a b Fitzgerald, Patrick (September 9, 2009). "Fund Manager Wants $12.3 Million from Lehman". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Statement of Richard S. Fuld, Jr. before the United States House of Representatives Committee on Oversight and Government Reform" (PDF). US House. October 6, 2008. Archived from the original (PDF) on September 16, 2012. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Smith, Aaron (October 6, 2008). "Fuld blames 'crisis of confidence'". CNNmoney. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Moore, Heidi N. (October 7, 2008). "Dick Fuld's Vendetta Against Short-Sellers—and Goldman Sachs". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Richard Fuld's Statement To The Congressional Committee (In Full)". News.hereisthecity.com. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ Taibbi, Matt (October 2009). "Wall Street's Naked Swindle". Rolling Stone. Retrieved 2009-10-15. 
^ Veljko Fotak, Vikas Raman and Pradeep K. Yadav (May 22, 2009). "Naked Short Selling: The Emperor`s New Clothes?" (PDF). Centre for Financial Research, University of Cologne. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b Anderson, Jenny; Dash, Eric; Bajaj, Vikas; Andrews, Edmund (September 13, 2008). "U.S. Gives Banks Urgent Warning to Solve Crisis". The New York Times. 
^ White, Ben; Anderson, Jenny (September 14, 2008). "Lehman Heads Toward Brink as Barclays Ends Talks". The New York Times. 
^ "Lehman Risk Reduction Trading Session and Protocol Agreement" (Press release). ISDA. September 14, 2008. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Jane Baird (September 15, 2008). "CDS dealers honour trades to cut Lehman risk". Reuters. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b "Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. Announces It Intends to File Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Petition" (PDF). Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. September 15, 2008. Retrieved 2008-09-15. 
^ Mamudi, Sam (September 15, 2008). "Lehman folds with record $613 billion debt". MarketWatch. 
^ a b Sorkin, Andrew Ross (September 15, 2008). "In Frantic Day, Wall Street Banks Teeter". The New York Times. 
^ "ASX suspends Lehman Brothers". The Australian. September 15, 2008. Retrieved 2008-09-15. 
^ Kennedy, Siman; Morcroft, Greg (September 15, 2010). "Lehman failure, AIG struggle drive financials lower". MarketWatch. 
^ AFP (September 15, 2008). "afp.google.com, Lehman bankruptcy shakes world financial system". Google. Archived from the original on March 5, 2012. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ Grynbaum, Michael (September 15, 2008). "Wall St.’s Turmoil Sends Stocks Reeling". The New York Times. 
^ "Lehman Bros files for bankruptcy". BBC News. September 15, 2008. 
^ "Lehman Bros files for Civil Reorganization Law". Yomiuri Online. September 16, 2008. Archived from the original on September 16, 2008. Retrieved 2008-09-16. 
^ "NYSE to Suspend Trading in Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc. and Related Securities listed on NYSE and NYSE Arca; Moves to Remove from the List" (Press release). NYSE Euronext. September 17, 2008. Archived from the original on September 21, 2008. Retrieved 2008-09-18. 
^ "Lehman targets November 17 to win bankruptcy plan OK". Reuters. March 16, 2011. 
^ Greece lost a huge amount of money from deposits in Lehman Brothers.
^ Smith, Randall; Gullapalli, Diya; Mccracken, Jeffrey (17 September 2008). "Lehman, Workers Score Reprieve". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Emporis GmbH. "Lehman Brothers Building, New York City, U.S.A.". Emporis.com. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ "US judge approves Lehman's asset sale to Barclays". Reuters/Forbes. September 20, 2008. Retrieved 2008-09-20. [dead link]
^ "Judge approves .3bn Lehman deal". BBC News. September 20, 2008. 
^ "Judge approves $1.3bn Lehman deal". BBC News. September 20, 2008. 
^ Chasan, Emily (September 20, 2008). "reuters.com, Judge approves Lehman, Barclays pact". Reuters. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5hHts3gSHE_WcIZt-IgZWwYpgmeewD93ABG080. Retrieved September 20, 2008.  Missing or empty |title= (help)[dead link]
^ [1] Archived 21 September 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Nomura paying two dollars for Lehman's Europe ops: report Archived 2008-09-29 at the Wayback Machine., AFP, September 25, 2008
^ Nomura Buys Lehman's Europe Banking, Equities Units, Bloomberg, September 23, 2008
^ "Lehman Brothers 2007 Annual Report". [permanent dead link]
^ Durchslag, Adam (October 1, 2008) "Bain and Hellman secure Neuberger: private equity houses Bain Capital and Hellman & Friedman acquire Neuberger Berman from Lehman for US$2.15bn" Acquisitions Monthly from Access My Library
^ Money.cnn.com Archived 30 September 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ De, Michael J. (December 3, 2008). "Managers Win Auction for a Part of Lehman". The New York Times. 
^ Suresh Goel, "Crisis Management", Global India Publications Pvt Ltd, 2009, p. 125. Retrieved 2012-09-05
^ "Examiner’s Report – Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. Chapter 11 Proceedings". Lehmanreport.jenner.com. Archived from the original on 2011-11-15. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ "Lehman file rocks Wall Street". Financial Times. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ Frean, Alexandra (March 13, 2010). "Linklaters and Ernst and Young face action over Lehman Brothers collapse". The Times. London. Retrieved 2010-05-07. 
^ Clark, Andrew (March 12, 2010). "Could Lehman's Dick Fuld end up behind bars?". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 2010-05-07. 
^ Eaglesham, Jean; Rappaport, Liz (March 12, 2011). "Lehman Probe Stalls; Chance of No Charges". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Chellel, Kit (October 15, 2011). "Lehman, Nortel lose $3.5B pension appeal". Ottawacitizen.com. Retrieved 2011-11-02. 
^ "JPMorgan to pay $1.42 billion cash to settle most Lehman claims". Reuters. 2017-01-26. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ "Salomon Smith Barney" from Gambee, Robert. Wall Street. W. W. Norton & Company, 1999. p.73
^ a b c d e f g h i j "Board of Directors". Lehman Brothers. Archived from the original on October 1, 2001. Retrieved 2008-09-14. 
^ Corliss, Richard (July 9, 2010). "Despicable Me: It's Pickable!". Time.com. TIME Magazine. Retrieved August 25, 2015. 
^ a b c d e f g Lehman Brothers. A Centennial – Lehman Brothers 1850–1950. Spiral Press, 1950, pages 62–63
^ Crittenden, Ann (December 20, 1980). "Lehman's Office Move Marks End of an Aura; Lehman Leaves One William Street 'The Place Is a Pigsty' High Return on Capital". The New York Times. 
^ Salmans, Sandra (October 19, 1985). "At Last, Shearson Makes Its Move". 
^ "Lehman Brothers to Remain in New York with Purchase of Morgan Stanley's New Office Tower". Findarticles.com. October 8, 2001. Archived from the original on June 7, 2009. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 


Further reading[edit]

Auletta, Ken. Greed and Glory on Wall Street: The Fall of the House of Lehman. Random House, 1985
Bernhard, William, L., Birge, June Rossbach Bingham, Loeb, John L., Jr. Lots of Lehmans: The Family of Mayer Lehman of Lehman Brothers, Remembered by His Descendants. Center for Jewish History, 2007.
Birmingham, Stephen. Our Crowd: The Great Jewish Families of New York. Harper and Row, 1967.
Dillian, Jared, Street Freak: Money and Madness at Lehman Brothers: A Memoir, New York: Simon and Schuster, September 13, 2011. ISBN 978-1-4391-8126-3
Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997
Shirkhedkar, Jayant. Saving Lehman, One person at a time. McGraw-Hill, 2007
Lehman Brothers. A Centennial – Lehman Brothers 1850–1950. Spiral Press, 1950
Schack, Justin (May 2005). "Restoring the House of Lehman". Institutional Investor, p. 24–32.
Wechsberg, Joseph. The Merchant Bankers. Pocket Books, 1968
Nocera, Joe (September 11, 2009). "Lehman Had to Die So Global Finance Could Live". The New York Times. 
Lawrence, G. McDonald. (2009) A Colossal Failure of Common Sense: The Inside Story of the Collapse of Lehman Brothers. Crown Business
Sorkin, A. Ross (2009). Too Big to Fail: The Inside Story of How Wall Street and Washington Fought to Save the Financial System—and Themselves. Viking Adult
Kane and Stollery (2013). "Lessons learned: an exchange of views".

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Lehman Brothers.



Why Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns Collapsed
Lehman Brothers case study – KPMG China
crisis-lehman – Lehman Brothers in Spain
Lehman Brothers bankruptcy site linked to from Lehman Brothers' home page
Melse, E. (2009-10-28), TEMA analysis of Lehman Brothers – Video in Dutch. Masterclass
The Lehman Brothers Treasure Trove – slideshow by Life magazine
What did the Lehman Brothers implosion look like to a techie?, The Register
BBC: The Love of Money, The Bank That Bust the World
Bloomberg: Lehman Files Biggest Bankruptcy Case as Suitors Balk
Lehman Brothers Records at Baker Library Historical Collections, Harvard Business School
Barclays Group Archives: Lehman Brothers







v
t
e


Lehman family



Founding generation of Lehman Brothers



Henry Lehman
Emanuel Lehman
Mayer Lehman





Other notable family members



Arthur Altschul
Helen Lehman Buttenwieser
Herbert H. Lehman
Irving Lehman
Philip Lehman
Robert Lehman
John Langeloth Loeb Jr.





Financial firms



Lehman Brothers












v
t
e


Great Recession



By region



Africa
Americas

United States
South America


Asia
Europe
Oceania





United States-specific



Automotive industry crisis
California budget crisis
Housing bubble
Housing market correction
Subprime mortgage crisis





Banking losses and fraud



Anglo Irish Bank hidden loans controversy
Libor scandal

Tom Hayes


Société Générale trading loss
Forex scandal
Seán FitzPatrick
Bernard Madoff
Tom Petters
Scott W. Rothstein
Allen Stanford





Government entities



Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Home Loan Banks
Federal Housing Administration
Federal Housing Finance Agency
Federal Housing Finance Board
Federal Reserve System
Government National Mortgage Association
Irish Bank Resolution Corporation
National Asset Management Agency
Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight
Office of Financial Stability
UK Financial Investments










Government policy and spending responses



Banking and finance
stability and reform



Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Act 2009
Banking (Special Provisions) Act 2008
China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit
Commercial Paper Funding Facility
Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008
Irish emergency budget, 2009
Irish budget, 2010
Irish budget, 2011
Irish budget, 2012
Irish budget, 2013
Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program
Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility
Troubled Asset Relief Program
2008 United Kingdom bank rescue package




Bank stress tests



EU
U.S.








Stimulus and recovery



2008 European Union stimulus plan
2008–09 Keynesian resurgence
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Chinese economic stimulus program
Economic Stimulus Act of 2008
Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009
Green New Deal
Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008
National fiscal policy response to the Great Recession
Zero interest-rate policy





Government interventions,
rescues, and acquisitions



List of banks acquired or bankrupted during the Great Recession




Non-banking



Chrysler
General Motors











Securities involved
and financial markets



Auction rate securities
Collateralized debt obligations
Collateralized mortgage obligations
Credit default swaps
Mortgage-backed securities
Secondary mortgage market





Social responses



Tea Party protests (United States; c. 2009)
May Day protests (Europe, Middle East and North Africa, Asia; 2009)
Occupy movement (worldwide)





Related topics



2000s energy crisis

Central Asia: 2008


Effects on museums
Decline of newspapers
World food price crisis








European debt crisis
Financial crisis of 2007–08
List of countries by public debt












v
t
e


Barclays



Division and subsidiaries



Barclays Africa
Barclays Canada
Barclaycard
Barclays Investment Bank
Barclays Wealth





Historical components
and acquisitions



Backhouse's Bank
Barclays Private Equity
Crossroads Group
FirstCaribbean International Bank
Gurney's Bank
Juniper Bank
Kuhn, Loeb & Co.
Martins Bank
Lehman Brothers
Lock, Hulme & Co.
London Provincial and South Western Bank
The Woolwich





Corporate Directors



John McFarlane (Chairman)
Sir Gerry Grimstone (Deputy Chairman)
Jes Staley (Group Chief Executive)
Chris Lucas
David Booth
Alison Carnwath
Fulvio Conti
Simon Fraser
Reuben Jeffery III
Sir Andrew Likierman
Dambisa Moyo
Sir John Sunderland





Other



One Churchill Place








 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


American Express



Payment products



Accolades Cards
Charge cards
Credit cards
ExpressPay
Traveler's cheques
Centurion Card
Plum Card





Spun-off companies



Ameriprise Financial
First Data Corp.
Lehman Brothers
Merchants Despatch
Railway Express Agency
Warner-Amex Satellite Entertainment





Notable current and former executives



Henry Wells
William Fargo
J. C. Fargo
Howard L. Clark Sr.
Ralph Reed
James D. Robinson III
Louis V. Gerstner Jr.
Sanford I. Weill
Harvey Golub
Kenneth Chenault
Gary Crittenden





Corporate directors



Kenneth Chenault (Chairman)
Daniel Akerson
Charlene Barshefsky
Ursula Burns
Peter Chernin
Vernon Jordan Jr.
Jan Leschly
Rick Levin
Edward D. Miller
Frank Popoff
Robert D. Walter
Ron Williams





Other



The Adventures of Seinfeld & Superman
American Express Incentive Services
Salad Oil Scandal
World Monuments Watch
65 Broadway
Falmer Stadium (The American Express Community Stadium)
Small Business Saturday
Three World Financial Center









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 151279667
LCCN: n81066329
ISNI: 0000 0001 0153 6630










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Lehman_Brothers&oldid=788549929"					
Categories: 1850 establishments in the United StatesBank failures in the United StatesSystemic riskBanks based in New York CityBanks established in 1850Banks disestablished in 2008BarclaysCompanies delisted from the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 2008Defunct financial services companies of the United StatesFormer investment banksHistory of Montgomery, AlabamaLehman BrothersShearson Lehman/American ExpressAmerican companies established in 18502008 disestablishments in New YorkNomuraHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from March 2016Articles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2016Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsWebarchive template wayback linksPages using deprecated image syntaxArticles needing additional references from March 2016All articles needing additional referencesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2009Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡLietuviųMagyarBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்TürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt文言吴语粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 01:52.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Lehman Brothers - Wikipedia





















 






Lehman Brothers

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Lehman Brothers




Industry
Investment services


Fate
Chapter 11 bankruptcy liquidation


Successors



Nomura Holdings
Barclays





Founded
1850; 167 years ago (1850)
Montgomery, Alabama, U.S.[1]


Founders
Henry Lehman
Emanuel Lehman
Mayer Lehman


Defunct
2008


Headquarters
New York City, New York,
United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people




Robert Lehman
Pete Peterson
Richard Fuld





Products



Financial Services
Investment Banking
Investment management






Number of employees

26,200 (2008)


Subsidiaries
Lehman Brothers Inc., Neuberger Berman Inc., Aurora Loan Services, LLC, SIB Mortgage Corporation, Lehman Brothers Bank, FSB, Eagle Energy Partners, and the Crossroads Group


Website
Barclays Group Archives: Lehman Brothers


Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. (former NYSE ticker symbol LEH) /ˈliːmən/ was a global financial services firm. Before declaring bankruptcy in 2008, Lehman was the fourth-largest investment bank in the United States (behind Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, and Merrill Lynch), doing business in investment banking, equity and fixed-income sales and trading (especially U.S. Treasury securities), research, investment management, private equity, and private banking. Lehman was operational for 158 years from its founding in 1850 until 2008.[2]
On September 15, 2008, the firm filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection following the massive exodus of most of its clients, drastic losses in its stock, and devaluation of assets by credit rating agencies, largely sparked by Lehman's involvement in the subprime mortgage crisis, excessive risk taking and subsequent allegations of negligence and malfeasance.[3][4][5] Lehman's bankruptcy filing is the largest in US history,[6] and is thought to have played a major role in the unfolding of the late-2000s global financial crisis. On September 16, 2008, Lehman filed for bankruptcy. Global markets immediately plummeted, and systemic risk was uncorked. This market collapse also gave support to the "Too Big To Fail" doctrine.[7] The following day, Barclays announced its agreement to purchase, subject to regulatory approval, Lehman's North American investment-banking and trading divisions along with its New York headquarters building.[8][9] On September 20, 2008, a revised version of that agreement was approved by U.S. Bankruptcy Judge James M. Peck.[10] The next week, Nomura Holdings announced that it would acquire Lehman Brothers' franchise in the Asia-Pacific region, including Japan, Hong Kong and Australia,[11] as well as Lehman Brothers' investment banking and equities businesses in Europe and the Middle East. The deal became effective on October 13, 2008.[12]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Under the Lehman family (1850–1969)
1.2 An evolving partnership (1969–1984)
1.3 Merger with American Express (1984–1994)
1.4 Divestment and independence (1994–2008)
1.5 Response to September 11, 2001 attacks
1.6 June 2003 SEC litigation


2 Rise of Mortgage Origination-(1997-2006)
3 Collapse

3.1 Causes

3.1.1 Malfeasance
3.1.2 Subprime Mortgage Crisis
3.1.3 Short-selling allegations


3.2 Bankruptcy
3.3 Liquidation

3.3.1 Barclays acquisition
3.3.2 Nomura acquisition
3.3.3 Sale of asset management businesses


3.4 Financial fallout
3.5 Ongoing litigation


4 Merger and acquisition history
5 Board of directors
6 Former officers
7 In popular culture
8 Principal locations (first year of occupancy)
9 See also
10 References
11 Further reading
12 External links



History[edit]
Under the Lehman family (1850–1969)[edit]
See also: Lehman family




Emanuel and Mayer Lehman


In 1844, 23-year-old Henry Lehman,[13] the son of a Jewish cattle merchant, immigrated to the United States from Rimpar, Bavaria.[14] He settled in Montgomery, Alabama,[13] where he opened a dry-goods store, "H. Lehman".[15] In 1847, following the arrival of his brother Emanuel Lehman, the firm became "H. Lehman and Bro."[16] With the arrival of their youngest brother, Mayer Lehman, in 1850, the firm changed its name again and "Lehman Brothers" was founded.[15][17]
During the 1850s, cotton was one of the most important crops in the United States. Capitalizing on cotton's high market value, the three brothers began to routinely accept raw cotton from customers as payment for merchandise, eventually beginning a second business trading in cotton. Within a few years this business grew to become the most significant part of their operation. Following Henry's death from yellow fever in 1855,[15][18] the remaining brothers continued to focus on their commodities-trading/brokerage operations.
By 1858, the center of cotton trading had shifted from the South to New York City, where factors and commission houses were based. Lehman opened its first branch office at 119 Liberty Street,[18] and 32-year-old Emanuel relocated there to run the office.[15] In 1862, facing difficulties as a result of the Civil War, the firm teamed up with a cotton merchant named John Durr to form Lehman, Durr & Co.[19][20] Following the war the company helped finance Alabama's reconstruction. The firm's headquarters were eventually moved to New York City, where it helped found the New York Cotton Exchange in 1870;[18][21] Emanuel sat on the board of governors until 1884. The firm also dealt in the emerging market for railroad bonds and entered the financial-advisory business.




Herbert H. Lehman
Official U.S. Senate Photo


Lehman became a member of the Coffee Exchange as early as 1883 and finally the New York Stock Exchange in 1887.[18][21] In 1899, it underwrote its first public offering, the preferred and common stock of the International Steam Pump Company.[22]
Despite the offering of International Steam, the firm's real shift from being a commodities house to a house of issue did not begin until 1906. In that year, under Emanuel's son Philip Lehman, the firm partnered with Goldman, Sachs & Co.,[23][24] to bring the General Cigar Co. to market,[25] followed closely by Sears, Roebuck and Company.[25] During the following two decades, almost one hundred new issues were underwritten by Lehman, many times in conjunction with Goldman, Sachs. Among these were F.W. Woolworth Company,[25][26] May Department Stores Company, Gimbel Brothers, Inc.,[27] R.H. Macy & Company,[27] The Studebaker Corporation,[26] the B.F. Goodrich Co. and Endicott Johnson Corporation.
Following Philip Lehman's retirement in 1925, his son Robert "Bobbie" Lehman took over as head of the firm. During Bobbie's tenure, the company weathered the capital crisis of the Great Depression by focusing on venture capital while the equities market recovered.
Traditionally a family-only partnership, in 1924, John M. Hancock became the first non-family member to join the firm,[23][28] followed by Monroe C. Gutman and Paul Mazur in 1927. By 1928, the firm moved to its now famous One William Street location.




Pete Peterson


In the 1930s, Lehman underwrote the initial public offering of the first television manufacturer, DuMont, and helped fund the Radio Corporation of America (RCA).[29] It also helped finance the rapidly growing oil industry, including the companies Halliburton and Kerr-McGee. In the 1950s, Lehman underwrote the IPO of Digital Equipment Corporation. Later, it arranged the acquisition of Digital by Compaq.
An evolving partnership (1969–1984)[edit]





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Robert Lehman died in 1969 after 44 years as the patriarch of the firm, leaving no member of the Lehman family actively involved with the partnership.[30] Robert's death, coupled with a lack of a clear successor from within the Lehman family left a void in the company. At the same time, Lehman was facing strong headwinds amidst the difficult economic environment of the early 1970s. By 1972, the firm was facing hard times and in 1973, Pete Peterson, chairman and chief executive officer of the Bell & Howell Corporation, was brought in to save the firm.[30]
Under Peterson's leadership as chairman and CEO, the firm acquired Abraham & Co. in 1975, and two years later merged with the venerable, but struggling, Kuhn, Loeb & Co.,[30] to form Lehman Brothers, Kuhn, Loeb Inc., the country's fourth-largest investment bank, behind Salomon Brothers, Goldman Sachs and First Boston.[31] Peterson led the firm from significant operating losses to five consecutive years of record profits with a return on equity among the highest in the investment-banking industry.
By the early 1980s, hostilities between the firm's investment bankers and traders (who were driving most of the firm's profits) prompted Peterson to promote Lewis Glucksman, the firm's President, COO and former trader, to be his co-CEO in May 1983. Glucksman introduced a number of changes that had the effect of increasing tensions, which when coupled with Glucksman’s management style and a downturn in the markets, resulted in a power struggle that ousted Peterson and left Glucksman as the sole CEO.[32]
Upset bankers who had soured over the power struggle, left the company. Stephen A. Schwarzman, chairman of the firm's M&A committee, recalled in a February 2003 interview with Private Equity International that "Lehman Brothers had an extremely competitive internal environment, which ultimately became dysfunctional." The company suffered under the disintegration, and Glucksman was pressured into selling the firm.
Merger with American Express (1984–1994)[edit]




Shearson Lehman/American Express Logo


Main article: Shearson Lehman Hutton
Shearson/American Express, an American Express-owned securities company focused on brokerage rather than investment banking, acquired Lehman in 1984, for $360 million. On May 11, the combined firms became Shearson Lehman/American Express.[32] In 1988, Shearson Lehman/American Express and E.F. Hutton & Co. merged as Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc.[33]
From 1983 to 1990, Peter A. Cohen was CEO and chairman of Shearson Lehman Brothers,[34] where he led the one billion dollar purchase of E.F. Hutton to form Shearson Lehman Hutton.[35] During this period, Shearson Lehman was aggressive in building its leveraged finance business in the model of rival Drexel Burnham Lambert. In 1989, Shearson backed F. Ross Johnson's management team in its attempted management buyout of RJR Nabisco but were ultimately outbid by private equity firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, who was backed by Drexel.
Divestment and independence (1994–2008)[edit]
In 1993, under newly appointed CEO, Harvey Golub, American Express began to divest itself of its banking and brokerage operations. It sold its retail brokerage and asset management operations to Primerica[36] and in 1994 it spun off Lehman Brothers Kuhn Loeb in an initial public offering, as Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc.[37]
Despite rumors that it would be acquired again, Lehman performed quite well under chairman and CEO Richard S. Fuld, Jr.. By 2008, Fuld had been with the company for 30 years, and would be the longest-tenured CEO on Wall Street. Fuld had steered Lehman through the 1997 Asian Financial Crisis, a period where the firm's share price dropped to $22 USD in 1998, but he was said to have underestimated the downturn in the US housing market and its effect on Lehman's mortgage bond underwriting business. Fuld kept his job as the subprime mortgage crisis took hold, while CEOs of rivals like Bear Stearns, Merrill Lynch, and Citigroup were forced to resign.[38] In addition, Lehman's board of directors, which included retired CEOs like Vodafone's Christopher Gent and IBM's John Akers were reluctant to challenge Fuld as the firm's share price spiraled lower.[38]
Fuld had a succession of "number twos" under him, usually titled as president and chief operating officer. Chris Pettit was Fuld's second-in-command for two decades until November 26, 1996, when he resigned as president and board member. Pettit lost a power struggle with his deputies (Steve Lessing, Tom Tucker, and Joseph M. Gregory) back on March 15 that year that caused him to relinquish its COO title, likely brought about after the three men found out about Pettit's extramarital affairs, which violated Fuld's unwritten rules on marriage and social etiquette. Bradley Jack and Joseph M. Gregory were appointed co-COOs in 2002, but Jack was demoted to the office of the chairman in May 2004 and departed in June 2005 with a severance package of $80 million, making Gregory the sole COO. While Fuld was considered the "face" of Lehman brothers, Gregory was in charge of day-to-day operations and he influenced culture to drive the bottom line.[39] Gregory was demoted on June 12, 2008 and replaced as president and COO by Bart McDade, who had been serving as head of Equities, and McDade would see Lehman through bankruptcy.[40][41] McDade would later be one of a handful of Lehman executives offered a position with Barclays after their acquisition; he would step down after less than two months.[42]
In 2001, the firm acquired the private-client services, or "PCS", business of Cowen & Co.[43] and later, in 2003, aggressively re-entered the asset-management business, which it had exited in 1989.[44] Beginning with $2 billion in assets under management, the firm acquired the Crossroads Group, the fixed-income division of Lincoln Capital Management[44] and Neuberger Berman.[45] These businesses, together with the PCS business and Lehman's private-equity business, comprised the Investment Management Division, which generated approximately $3.1 billion in net revenue and almost $800 million in pretax income in 2007. Prior to going bankrupt, the firm had in excess of $275 billion in assets under management. Altogether, since going public in 1994, the firm had increased net revenues over 600% from $2.73 billion to $19.2 billion and had increased employee headcount over 230% from 8,500 to almost 28,600.
At the 2008 ALB China Law Awards,[46] Lehman Brothers was crowned:

Deal of the Year – Debt Market Deal of the Year
Deal of the Year – Equity Market Deal of the Year

Response to September 11, 2001 attacks[edit]




The former New York City headquarters now owned by Barclays.


On September 11, 2001, Lehman occupied three floors of World Trade Center where one of its employees was killed in the terrorist attacks of that day. Its global headquarters in Three World Financial Center were severely damaged and rendered unusable by falling debris, displacing over 6,500 employees. The bank recovered quickly and rebuilt its presence. Trading operations moved across the Hudson River to its Jersey City, New Jersey, facilities, where an impromptu trading floor was built in a hotel and brought online less than forty-eight hours after the attacks. When stock markets reopened on September 17, 2001, Lehman's sales and trading capabilities were restored.
In the ensuing months, the firm fanned out its operations across the New York City metropolitan area in over 40 temporary locations. The investment-banking division converted the first-floor lounges, restaurants, and all 665 guestrooms of the Sheraton Manhattan Hotel into office space.[47]
The bank also experimented with flextime (to share office space) and telecommuting via virtual private networking. In October 2001, Lehman purchased a 32-story, 1,050,000-square-foot (98,000 m2) office building for a reported sum of $700 million. The building, located at 745 Seventh Avenue, had recently been completed, and not yet occupied, by rival Morgan Stanley.
With Morgan Stanley's world headquarters located only two blocks away at 1585 Broadway, in the wake of the attacks the firm was re-evaluating its office plans which would have put over 10,000 employees in the Times Square area of New York City. Lehman began moving into the new facility in January and finished in March 2002, a move that significantly boosted morale throughout the firm.[39]
The firm was criticized for not moving back to its former headquarters in lower Manhattan. Following the attacks, only Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, and Merrill Lynch, of the major firms, remained in the downtown area. Lehman, however, pointed to the facts that it was committed to stay in New York City, that the new headquarters represented an ideal circumstance where the firm was desperate to buy and Morgan Stanley was desperate to sell, that when the new building was purchased, the structural integrity of Three World Financial Center had not yet been given a clean bill of health, and that the company could not have waited until May 2002 for repairs to Three World Financial Center to conclude.
After the attacks, Lehman's management placed increased emphasis on business continuity planning. Unlike its rivals, the company was unusually concentrated for a bulge-bracket investment bank. For example, Morgan Stanley maintains a 750,000-square-foot (70,000 m2) trading-and-banking facility in Westchester County, New York. The trading floor of UBS is located in Stamford, Connecticut. Merrill Lynch's asset-management division is located in Plainsboro Township, New Jersey. Aside from its headquarters in Three World Financial Center, Lehman maintained operations-and-backoffice facilities in Jersey City, space that the firm considered leaving prior to 9/11. The space was not only retained, but expanded, including the construction of a backup-trading facility. In addition, telecommuting technology first rolled out in the days following the attacks to allow employees to work from home was expanded and enhanced for general use throughout the firm.[48]
June 2003 SEC litigation[edit]
In June 2003, the company was one of ten firms which simultaneously entered into a settlement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Office of the New York State Attorney General and various other securities regulators, regarding undue influence over each firm's research analysts by its investment-banking divisions. Specifically, regulators alleged that the firms had improperly associated analyst compensation with the firms' investment-banking revenues, and promised favorable, market-moving research coverage, in exchange for underwriting opportunities. The settlement, known as the "global settlement", provided for total financial penalties of $1.4 billion, including $80 million against Lehman, and structural reforms, including a complete separation of investment banking departments from research departments, no analyst compensation, directly or indirectly, from investment-banking revenues, and the provision of free, independent, third-party, research to the firms' clients.
Rise of Mortgage Origination-(1997-2006)[edit]
Lehman was one of the first Wall Street firms to move into the business of mortgage origination. In 1997, Lehman bought Colorado-based lender, Aurora Loan Services, an Alt-A lender. In 2000, to expand their mortgage origination pipeline, Lehman purchased West Coast subprime mortgage lender BNC Mortgage LLC. Lehman quickly became a force in the subprime market. By 2003 Lehman made $18.2 billion in loans and ranked third in lending. By 2004, this number topped $40 billion. By 2006, Aurora and BNC were lending almost $50 billion per month.[49] Lehman had morphed into a real estate hedge fund disguised as an investment bank.[50] By 2008, Lehman had assets of $680 billion supported by only $22.5 billion of firm capital. From an equity position, its risky commercial real estate holdings were three times greater than capital. In such a highly leveraged structure, a 3 to 5 percent decline in real estate values would wipeout all capital.
Collapse[edit]
Main article: Bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers
Causes[edit]
Malfeasance[edit]
A March 2010 report by the court-appointed examiner indicated that Lehman executives regularly used cosmetic accounting gimmicks at the end of each quarter to make its finances appear less shaky than they really were. This practice was a type of repurchase agreement that temporarily removed securities from the company's balance sheet. However, unlike typical repurchase agreements, these deals were described by Lehman as the outright sale of securities and created "a materially misleading picture of the firm’s financial condition in late 2007 and 2008."[51]
Subprime Mortgage Crisis[edit]
In August 2007 the firm closed its subprime lender, BNC Mortgage, eliminating 1,200 positions in 23 locations, and took an after-tax charge of $25 million and a $27 million reduction in goodwill. Lehman said that poor market conditions in the mortgage space "necessitated a substantial reduction in its resources and capacity in the subprime space".[52]
In 2008, Lehman faced an unprecedented loss to the continuing subprime mortgage crisis. Lehman's loss was a result of having held on to large positions in subprime and other lower-rated mortgage tranches when securitizing the underlying mortgages; whether Lehman did this because it was simply unable to sell the lower-rated bonds, or made a conscious decision to hold them, is unclear. In any event, huge losses accrued in lower-rated mortgage-backed securities throughout 2008. In the second fiscal quarter, Lehman reported losses of $2.8 billion and was forced to sell off $6 billion in assets.[53] In the first half of 2008 alone, Lehman stock lost 73% of its value as the credit market continued to tighten.[53] In August 2008, Lehman reported that it intended to release 6% of its work force, 1,500 people, just ahead of its third-quarter-reporting deadline in September.[53]
In September 2007, Joe Gregory appointed Erin Callan as CFO. On March 16, 2008, after rival Bear Stearns was taken over by JP Morgan Chase in a fire sale, market analysts suggested that Lehman would be the next major investment bank to fall. Callan fielded Lehman's first quarter conference call, where the firm posted a profit of $489 million, compared to Citigroup's $5.1 billion and Merrill Lynch's $1.97 billion losses which was Lehman’s 55th consecutive profitable quarter. The firm's stock price leapt 46 percent after that announcement.[39][54][55][56]
On June 9, 2008, Lehman Brothers announced US$2.8 billion second-quarter loss, its first since being spun off from American Express, as market volatility rendered many of its hedges ineffective during that time. Lehman also reported that it had raised a further $6 billion in capital. As a result, there was major management shakeup, in which Hugh "Skip" McGee III (head of investment banking) held a meeting with senior staff to strip Fuld and his lieutenants of their authority. Consequently, Joe Gregory agreed to resign as president and COO, and afterward he told Erin Callan that she had to resign as CFO. Callan was appointed CFO of Lehman in 2008 but served only for six months, before departing after her mentor Joe Gregory was demoted.[54][55][56] Bart McDade was named to succeed Gregory as president and COO, when several senior executives threatened to leave if he was not promoted. McDade took charge and brought back Michael Gelband and Alex Kirk, who had previously been pushed out of the firm by Gregory for not taking risks. Although Fuld remained CEO, he soon became isolated from McDade's team.[39][57]
On August 22, 2008, shares in Lehman closed up 5% (16% for the week) on reports that the state-controlled Korea Development Bank was considering buying the bank.[58] Most of those gains were quickly eroded as news came in that Korea Development Bank was "facing difficulties pleasing regulators and attracting partners for the deal."[59] It culminated on September 9, when Lehman's shares plunged 45% to $7.79, after it was reported that the state-run South Korean firm had put talks on hold.[60]
Investor confidence continued to erode as Lehman's stock lost roughly half its value and pushed the S&P 500 down 3.4% on September 9. The Dow Jones lost 300 points the same day on investors' concerns about the security of the bank.[61] The U.S. government did not announce any plans to assist with any possible financial crisis that emerged at Lehman.[62]
The next day, Lehman announced a loss of $3.9 billion and its intent to sell off a majority stake in its investment-management business, which includes Neuberger Berman.[63][64] The stock slid seven percent that day.[64][65] Lehman, after earlier rejecting questions on the sale of the company, was reportedly searching for a buyer as its stock price dropped another 40 percent on September 11, 2008.[65]
Just before the collapse of Lehman Brothers, executives at Neuberger Berman sent e-mail memos suggesting, among other things, that the Lehman Brothers' top people forgo multimillion-dollar bonuses to "send a strong message to both employees and investors that management is not shirking accountability for recent performance."[66]
Lehman Brothers Investment Management Director George Herbert Walker IV dismissed the proposal, going so far as to actually apologize to other members of the Lehman Brothers executive committee for the idea of bonus reduction having been suggested. He wrote, "Sorry team. I am not sure what's in the water at Neuberger Berman. I'm embarrassed and I apologize."[66]
Short-selling allegations[edit]
During hearings on the bankruptcy filing by Lehman Brothers and bailout of AIG before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform,[67] former Lehman Brothers CEO Richard Fuld said a host of factors including a crisis of confidence and naked short-selling attacks followed by false rumors contributed to both the collapse of Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers. House committee Chairman Henry Waxman said the committee received thousands of pages of internal documents from Lehman and these documents portray a company in which there was "no accountability for failure".[68][69][70]
An article by journalist Matt Taibbi in Rolling Stone contended that naked short selling contributed to the demise of both Lehman and Bear Stearns.[71] A study by finance researchers at the University of Oklahoma Price College of Business studied trading in financial stocks, including Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns, and found "no evidence that stock price declines were caused by naked short selling".[72]
Bankruptcy[edit]
On Saturday, September 13, 2008, Timothy F. Geithner, then the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, called a meeting on the future of Lehman, which included the possibility of an emergency liquidation of its assets.[73] Lehman reported that it had been in talks with Bank of America and Barclays for the company's possible sale; however, both Barclays and Bank of America ultimately declined to purchase the entire company, in the former case because the British government (in particular, the Chancellor of the Exchequer Alastair Darling and the CEO of the Financial Services Authority Hector Sants) refused to allow the transaction at the last minute, quoting stockholder regulations in the UK, despite a deal having apparently been completed.[73][74]
The next day, Sunday, September 14, the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) offered an exceptional trading session to allow market participants to offset positions in various derivatives on the condition of a Lehman bankruptcy later that day.[75] Although the bankruptcy filing missed the deadline, many dealers honored the trades they made in the special session.[76]




Lehman Brothers headquarters in New York City on September 15, 2008


Shortly before 1 am Monday morning (UTC−5), Lehman Brothers Holdings announced it would file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection[77] citing bank debt of $613 billion, $155 billion in bond debt, and assets worth $639 billion.[78] It further announced that its subsidiaries would continue to operate as normal.[77] A group of Wall Street firms agreed to provide capital and financial assistance for the bank's orderly liquidation and the Federal Reserve, in turn, agreed to a swap of lower-quality assets in exchange for loans and other assistance from the government.[79] The morning witnessed scenes of Lehman employees removing files, items with the company logo, and other belongings from the world headquarters at 745 Seventh Avenue. The spectacle continued throughout the day and into the following day.
Later that day, the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) suspended Lehman's Australian subsidiary as a market participant after clearing-houses terminated contracts with the firm.[80] Lehman shares tumbled over 90% on September 15, 2008.[81][82] The Dow Jones closed down just over 500 points on September 15, 2008, which was at the time the largest drop in a single day since the days following the attacks on September 11, 2001.[83]
In the United Kingdom, the investment bank went into administration with PricewaterhouseCoopers appointed as administrators.[84] In Japan, the Japanese branch, Lehman Brothers Japan Inc., and its holding company filed for civil reorganization on September 16, 2008, in Tokyo District Court.[85] On September 17, 2008, the New York Stock Exchange delisted Lehman Brothers.[86]
On March 16, 2011 some three years after filing for bankruptcy and following a filing in a Manhattan U.S. bankruptcy court, Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc announced it would seek creditor approval of its reorganization plan by October 14 followed by a confirmation hearing to follow on November 17.[87][88]
Liquidation[edit]
Barclays acquisition[edit]
On September 16, 2008, Barclays PLC announced that they would acquire a "stripped clean" portion of Lehman for $1.75 billion, including most of Lehman's North America operations.[8][89] On September 20, 2008, a revised version of the deal, a $1.35 billion (£700 million) plan for Barclays to acquire the core business of Lehman (mainly its $960-million headquarters, a 38-story office building[90] in Midtown Manhattan, with responsibility for 9,000 former employees), was approved.[91][92] Manhattan court bankruptcy Judge James Peck, after a 7-hour hearing, ruled: "I have to approve this transaction because it is the only available transaction. Lehman Brothers became a victim, in effect the only true icon to fall in a tsunami that has befallen the credit markets. This is the most momentous bankruptcy hearing I've ever sat through. It can never be deemed precedent for future cases. It's hard for me to imagine a similar emergency."[93]
Luc Despins, then a partner at Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy, the creditors committee counsel, said: "The reason we're not objecting is really based on the lack of a viable alternative. We did not support the transaction because there had not been enough time to properly review it."[citation needed] In the amended agreement, Barclays would absorb $47.4 billion in securities and assume $45.5 billion in trading liabilities. Lehman's attorney Harvey R. Miller of Weil, Gotshal & Manges, said "the purchase price for the real estate components of the deal would be $1.29 billion, including $960 million for Lehman's New York headquarters and $330 million for two New Jersey data centers. Lehman's original estimate valued its headquarters at $1.02 billion but an appraisal from CB Richard Ellis this week valued it at $900 million."[citation needed] Further, Barclays will not acquire Lehman's Eagle Energy unit, but will have entities known as Lehman Brothers Canada Inc, Lehman Brothers Sudamerica, Lehman Brothers Uruguay and its Private Investment Management business for high-net-worth individuals. Finally, Lehman will retain $20 billion of securities assets in Lehman Brothers Inc that are not being transferred to Barclays.[94] Barclays acquired a potential liability of $2.5 billion to be paid as severance, if it chooses not to retain some Lehman employees beyond the guaranteed 90 days.[95][96]
Nomura acquisition[edit]
Nomura Holdings, Japan's top brokerage firm, agreed to buy the Asian division of Lehman Brothers for $225 million and parts of the European division for a nominal fee of $2.[97][98] It would not take on any trading assets or liabilities in the European units. Nomura negotiated such a low price because it acquired only Lehman's employees in the regions, and not its stocks, bonds or other assets. The last Lehman Brothers Annual Report identified that these non-US subsidiaries of Lehman Brothers were responsible for over 50% of global revenue produced.[99]
Sale of asset management businesses[edit]
On September 29, 2008, Lehman agreed to sell Neuberger Berman, part of its investment management business, to a pair of private-equity firms, Bain Capital Partners and Hellman & Friedman, for $2.15 billion.[100] The transaction was expected to close in early 2009, subject to approval by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court,[101] but a competing bid was entered by the firm's management, who ultimately prevailed in a bankruptcy auction on December 3, 2008. Creditors of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. retain a 49% common equity interest in the firm, now known as Neuberger Berman Group LLC.[102] In Europe, the Quantitative Asset Management Business has been acquired back by its employees on November 13, 2008 and has been renamed back to TOBAM.
Financial fallout[edit]
Lehman's bankruptcy was the largest failure of an investment bank since Drexel Burnham Lambert collapsed amid fraud allegations 18 years prior.[79] Immediately following the bankruptcy filing, an already distressed financial market began a period of extreme volatility, during which the Dow experienced its largest one day point loss, largest intra-day range (more than 1,000 points) and largest daily point gain. What followed was what many have called the "perfect storm" of economic distress factors and eventually a $700bn bailout package (Troubled Asset Relief Program) prepared by Henry Paulson, Secretary of the Treasury, and approved by Congress. The Dow eventually closed at a new six-year low of 7,552.29 on November 20, followed by a further drop to 6626 by March of the next year. Durvexity spiked, due to funding issues at the major investment banks.[103]
The fall of Lehman also had a strong effect on small private investors such as bond holders and holders of so-called Minibonds. In Germany structured products, often based on an index, were sold mostly to private investors, elderly, retired persons, students and families. Most of those now worthless derivatives were sold by the German arm of Citigroup, the German Citibank now owned by Crédit Mutuel.
Ongoing litigation[edit]
On March 11, 2010, Anton R. Valukas, a court-appointed examiner, published the results of its year-long investigation into the finances of Lehman Brothers.[104] This report revealed that Lehman Brothers used an accounting procedure termed repo 105 to temporarily exchange $50 billion of assets into cash just before publishing its financial statements.[105] The action could be seen to implicate both Ernst & Young, the bank's accountancy firm and Richard S. Fuld, Jr, the former CEO.[106] This could potentially lead to Ernst & Young being found guilty of financial malpractice and Fuld facing time in prison.[107]
According to The Wall Street Journal, in March 2011, the SEC announced that they weren't confident that they could prove that Lehman Brothers violated US laws in its accounting practices.[108]
In October 2011 the administrators of Lehman Brothers Holding Inc. lost their appeal to overturn a court order forcing them to pay £148 million into their underfunded pensions plan.[109]
As of January 2016, Lehman has already paid more than $105 billion to its unsecured creditors. In addition, JPMorgan will pay $1.42 billion in cash to settle a lawsuit accusing JPMorgan of draining Lehman Brothers liquidity right before the crash. The settlement would permit another $1.496 to be paid to creditors and a separate $76 million deposit.[110]
Merger and acquisition history[edit]
The following is an illustration of the company's major mergers and acquisitions and historical predecessors (this is not a comprehensive list):[111]


Lehman Brothers
(1994, spun off by American Express;
2008, bankrupt – see Bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers)




Shearson Lehman Hutton
(merged 1988)



Shearson Lehman Brothers
(merged 1984)



Shearson/American Express
(merged 1981)





American Express
(est. 1850)






Shearson Loeb Rhoades
(acquired 1981)



Shearson Hayden Stone
(merged 1973)



Hayden Stone, Inc. (formerly CBWL-Hayden Stone, merged 1970)





Cogan, Berlind, Weill & Levitt
(formerly Carter, Berlind, Potoma & Weill, est. 1960)








Hayden, Stone & Co.














Shearson, Hammill & Co.
(est. 1902)












Loeb, Rhoades, Hornblower & Co.
(merged 1978)



Loeb, Rhoades & Co.
(merged 1937)





Carl M. Loeb & Co.
(est. 1931)








Rhoades & Company
(est. 1905)












Hornblower, Weeks, Noyes & Trask
(merged 1953–1977)





Hornblower & Weeks
(est. 1888)








Hemphill, Noyes & Co.
(est. 1919, acq. 1963)








Spencer Trask & Co.
(est. 1866 as Trask & Brown)








Paul H. Davis & Co.
(est. 1920, acq. 1953)






























Lehman Brothers Kuhn Loeb
(merged 1977)



Lehman Brothers
(merged 1975)





Abraham & Co.
(est. 1938)








Lehman Brothers
(est. 1850)














Kuhn, Loeb & Co.
(est. 1867)




















E. F. Hutton & Co.
(est. 1904)














Neuberger Berman
(est. 1939, acq. 2003,
sold to management 2009)








Crossroads Group
(est. 1981, acq. 2003)












Board of directors[edit]

Richard S. Fuld, Jr., chairman and chief executive officer[112]
Michael L. Ainslie[112]
John F. Akers[112]
Roger S. Berlind[112]
Thomas Cruikshank[112]
Marsha Johnson Evans[112]
Sir Christopher Gent[112]
Roland A. Hernandez [112]
Dr. Henry Kaufman[112]
John D. Macomber[112]

Former officers[edit]

Richard S. Fuld, Jr.
Tom Russo
Scott J. Freidheim
Bart McDade
Joe Gregory
Ian Lowitt, chief financial officer at the time of Lehman's collapse
Jessie Bhattal
Jeremy Isaacs (not Sir Jeremy Isaacs, the British television producer and executive)
Hugh McGee
George Herbert Walker IV
Michael Gelband

In popular culture[edit]
The events of the weekend leading up to Lehman's bankruptcy were dramatized in The Last Days of Lehman Brothers, a 2009 British-made television film.
In the 2010 animated film Despicable Me, Lehman Brothers is referenced near the beginning. The main character Gru travels to the Bank of Evil, the bank that funds all evil plots for villains around the world, to try to take out a loan. As he passes under the banner with the bank's name, and under "Bank of Evil", in small letters, it reads, "Formerly Lehman Brothers".[113]
The 2011 American independent drama film Margin Call focuses on the events of a 24-hour period at a large investment bank based on amalgam of large investment banks, drawing heavily from the culture of Lehman Brothers. (However, the events in the movie are primarily a depiction of the actions of Goldman Sachs.)
In the 2011 comedy American film Horrible Bosses, Kenny Sommerfeld mentioned that he is a Yale graduate who worked for Lehman Brothers. He was earning a high six-figure salary, but is now unable to buy even basic necessities and lives in poverty.
The 2011 HBO movie Too Big to Fail recounted the days before Lehman Brothers declared bankruptcy and the fallout afterward.
The fall of Lehman Brothers is depicted in the 2015 movie The Big Short (film) where two of the characters walk around the Lehman Brothers offices after the bankruptcy to see the main trading floor.
Lehman Brothers is parodied in the 2016 Disney animated film Zootopia, which depicts a financial firm called "Lemming Brothers", staffed by lemmings.
Principal locations (first year of occupancy)[edit]

17 Court Square, Montgomery, Alabama (1847)*[114]
119 Liberty Street, New York, NY (1858)[114]
176 Fulton Street, New York, NY (1865–1866?)[21][114]
133–35 Pearl Street, New York, NY (1867)[21][114]
40 Exchange Place, New York, NY (1876)[21][114]
16 William Street, New York, NY (1892)[114]
One William Street, New York, NY (1928) **[114]
55 Water Street (1980) ***[115]
3 World Financial Center (1985)[116]
745 Seventh Avenue, New York, NY (2002)[117]

* Henry Lehman established his first store location on Commerce Street, in Montgomery, in 1845. In 1848, one year after Emanuel's arrival, the brothers moved "H. Lehman & Bro." to 17 Court Square, where it remained when Mayer arrived in 1850, forming "Lehman Brothers".
** Designated as a landmark by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Committee in 1996.
*** Sales and trading personnel had been in this location since 1977, when they were joined by the firm's investment bankers and brokers.
See also[edit]


Companies portal



MF Global, the largest Wall Street firm to collapse since the Lehman Brothers debacle in September 2008.
Valukas Report on the failure of Lehman

References[edit]


^ "History of the Lehman Brothers". Harvard University Library-Lehman Brothers Collection. Retrieved 2010-12-01. 
^ Melvyn Dubofsky (2013). The Oxford Encyclopedia of American Business, Labor, and Economic History. Oxford University Press. pp. 470–. ISBN 978-0-19-973881-6. 
^ Michael P. Malloy (2010). Anatomy of a Meltdown: A Dual Financial Biography of the Subprime Mortgage Crisis. Wolters Kluwer Law & Business. ISBN 978-0-7355-9458-6. 
^ Asli Yüksel Mermod; Samuel O. Idowu (29 August 2013). Corporate Social Responsibility in the Global Business World. Springer Science & Business Media. pp. 124–. ISBN 978-3-642-37620-7. 
^ Williams, Mark (April 12, 2010). Uncontrolled Risk. McGraw-Hill Education. ISBN 978-0071638296. 
^ Mamudi, Sam (September 15, 2005). "Lehman folds with record $613 billion debt". Marketwatch. 
^ Williams, Mark (April 12, 2010). Uncontrolled Risk. McGraw-Hill Education. p. 178. ISBN 978-0071638296. 
^ a b "Barclays announces agreement to acquire Lehman Brothers North American investment banking and capital markets businesses" (Press release). Barclays PLC. September 17, 2008. Archived from the original on December 13, 2013. Retrieved 2008-09-17. 
^ "Barclays buys core Lehman assets". BBC News. September 17, 2008. 
^ "Judge approves $1.3 billion Lehman deal". BBC News. September 20, 2008. 
^ "Nomura to acquire Lehman Brothers' Asia Pacific franchise" (Press release). Nomura Holdings. September 22, 2008. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ "Nomura to close acquisition of Lehman Brothers' Europe and Middle East investment banking and equities businesses on October 13" (Press release). Nomura Holdings. October 6, 2008. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 49
^ Bernhard, William, L., Birge, June Rossbach Bingham, Loeb, John L., Jr.. Lots of Lehmans – The Family of Mayer Lehman of Lehman Brothers, Remembered by His Descendants. Center For Jewish History, 2007, page 1
^ a b c d Wechsberg, Joseph. The Merchant Bankers. Pocket Books, 1966, page 233
^ Bernhard, William, L., Birge, June Rossbach Bingham, Loeb, John L., Jr.. Lots of Lehmans – The Family of Mayer Lehman of Lehman Brothers, Remembered by His Descendants. Center For Jewish History, 2007, page 5
^ Birmingham, Stephen. Our Crowd: The Great Jewish Families of New York. Harper and Row, 1967, page 47
^ a b c d Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 50
^ Birmingham, Stephen. Our Crowd: The Great Jewish Families of New York. Harper and Row, 1967, page 77
^ Bernhard, William, L., Birge, June Rossbach Bingham, Loeb, John L., Jr.. Lots of Lehmans – The Family of Mayer Lehman of Lehman Brothers, Remembered by His Descendants. Center For Jewish History, 2007, page 8
^ a b c d e Wechsberg, Joseph. The Merchant Bankers. Pocket Books, 1966, page 235
^ Swaine, Robert T. (1946). The Cravath Firm and Its Predecessors, 1819-1947. The Lawbook Exchange, Ltd. p. 633. ISBN 978-1-58477-713-7. Retrieved June 3, 2014. 
^ a b Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 51
^ Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 285
^ a b c Wechsberg, Joseph. The Merchant Bankers. Pocket Books, 1966, page 238
^ a b Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 53
^ a b Wechsberg, Joseph. The Merchant Bankers. Pocket Books, 1966, page 241
^ "John M. Hancock Papers". University of North Dakota. Archived from the original on 2007-02-10. Retrieved 2008-09-14. 
^ Ingham, John N. (1983). Biographical Dictionary of American Business Leaders. Greenwood Publishing Group. ISBN 9780313213625. Retrieved 2008-09-14. 
^ a b c Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 77[dead link]
^ Sloane, Leonard (November 29, 1977). "Lehman and Kuhn Loeb to Merge; Lehman Brothers and Kuhn Loeb Sign Agreement to Merge December 16". The New York Times. 
^ a b Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 78
^ Cole, Robert J. (December 4, 1987). "Company News – Hutton-Shearson Deal Announced". The New York Times. 
^ "Profile: Peter A. Cohen". Forbes. forbes.com. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ "Shearson Lehman Buying out E.F. Hutton – Rights Managed". Pro.corbis.com. Retrieved 2010-10-16. [permanent dead link]
^ Quint, Michael (March 13, 1993). "Primerica Will Buy Shearson for $1 billion". The New York Times. 
^ Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 79
^ a b Christian Plumb and Dan Wilchins (September 14, 2008). "Lehman CEO Fuld's hubris contributed to meltdown". Reuters. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b c d "Print Page". Nymag.com. Retrieved 2013-10-07. 
^ Ward, Vicky (October 20, 2009). "Business: Lehman's Desperate Housewives &#124". Vanity Fair. VanityFair.com. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ Truell, Peter (November 27, 1996). "Pettit Resigns as President Of Lehman Brothers Firm". The New York Times. 
^ White, Ben; de la Merced, Michael J. (October 31, 2008). "McDade to Leave Barclays Capital". The New York Times. 
^ Charles Gasparino (July 18, 2000). "Lehman Brothers to take over SG Cowen's brokerage division". The Financial Express. Archived from the original on May 14, 2013. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b Christine Williamson. "Back Again: Lehman returns to institutional management with Lincoln deal; Purchase of fixed-income business ends 13-year absence". Pensions & Investments. Goliath. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Thomas, Landon, Jr. (July 23, 2003). "Market Place; Lehman to Buy Neuberger Berman For $2.6 Billion". The New York Times. 
^ "Legalbusinessonline.com.au". Legalbusinessonline.com.au. September 19, 2011. Retrieved 2011-11-02. [dead link]
^ Bill Egbert (September 19, 2001). "Lehman Checks into Sheraton". Daily News. nydailynews.com. Archived from the original on May 14, 2012. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ "Cast Study: Lehman Brothers" (PDF). Citrix.com. 2003. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2012-11-24. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Williams, Mark (April 12, 2010). Uncontrolled Risk. McGraw-Hill Education. p. 129. ISBN 978-0071638296. 
^ Williams, Mark (April 12, 2010). Uncontrolled Risk. McGraw-Hill Education. p. 135. ISBN 978-0071638296. 
^ Mark Trumbull (March 12, 2010). "Lehman Bros. used accounting trick amid financial crisis – and earlier". The Christian Science Monitor. csmonitor.com. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Kulikowski, Laura (August 22, 2007). "Lehman Brothers Amputates Mortgage Arm". TheStreet.com. Retrieved 2008-03-18. 
^ a b c Anderson, Jenny; Dash, Eric (August 29, 2008). "Struggling Lehman Plans to Lay Off 1,500". The New York Times. 
^ a b Katie Benner (September 26, 2008). "I was lucky to get out". Fortune. CNNmoney. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b "Sexist Language". NPR Ombudsman. June 20, 2008. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b Sellers, Patricia (March 8, 2010). "The Fall of a Wall Street Highflier". Fortune. CNNmoney. Archived from the original on December 9, 2011. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Onaran, Yalman; Helyar, John (December 31, 2008). "The fall of Lehman Bros - Part 4". The New Zealand Herald. 
^ Anderson, Jenny; Thomas, Landon, Jr. (August 22, 2008). "Lehman’s Shares Gain on Signs of Raising Capital". The New York Times. 
^ Morcroft, Greg (September 4, 2008). "Financials slip as Korea snags weigh on Lehman and Merrill". MarketWatch. 
^ Association of Funding Professionals (September 9, 2008). "Lehman Brothers in freefall as hopes fade for new capital". Google News. Archived from the original on April 21, 2009. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ "Dow plunges nearly 300 points on concern about Lehman". Times-Picayune. New Orleans. September 9, 2008. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Anderson, Jenny (September 9, 2008). "Wall Street’s Fears on Lehman Bros. Batter Markets". The New York Times. 
^ White, Ben (September 10, 2008). "Lehman Sees $3.9 billion Loss and Plans to Shed Assets". The New York Times. 
^ a b Bruno, Joe Bel (September 10, 2008). "Lehman shares slip on plans to auction off unit, consider sale of company". The Seattle Times. Associated Press. 
^ a b Anderson, Jenny; Sorkin, Andrew Ross (September 11, 2008). "As Pressure Builds, Lehman Said to Be Looking for a Buyer". The New York Times. 
^ a b Fitzgerald, Patrick (September 9, 2009). "Fund Manager Wants $12.3 Million from Lehman". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Statement of Richard S. Fuld, Jr. before the United States House of Representatives Committee on Oversight and Government Reform" (PDF). US House. October 6, 2008. Archived from the original (PDF) on September 16, 2012. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Smith, Aaron (October 6, 2008). "Fuld blames 'crisis of confidence'". CNNmoney. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Moore, Heidi N. (October 7, 2008). "Dick Fuld's Vendetta Against Short-Sellers—and Goldman Sachs". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Richard Fuld's Statement To The Congressional Committee (In Full)". News.hereisthecity.com. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ Taibbi, Matt (October 2009). "Wall Street's Naked Swindle". Rolling Stone. Retrieved 2009-10-15. 
^ Veljko Fotak, Vikas Raman and Pradeep K. Yadav (May 22, 2009). "Naked Short Selling: The Emperor`s New Clothes?" (PDF). Centre for Financial Research, University of Cologne. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b Anderson, Jenny; Dash, Eric; Bajaj, Vikas; Andrews, Edmund (September 13, 2008). "U.S. Gives Banks Urgent Warning to Solve Crisis". The New York Times. 
^ White, Ben; Anderson, Jenny (September 14, 2008). "Lehman Heads Toward Brink as Barclays Ends Talks". The New York Times. 
^ "Lehman Risk Reduction Trading Session and Protocol Agreement" (Press release). ISDA. September 14, 2008. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Jane Baird (September 15, 2008). "CDS dealers honour trades to cut Lehman risk". Reuters. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b "Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. Announces It Intends to File Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Petition" (PDF). Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. September 15, 2008. Retrieved 2008-09-15. 
^ Mamudi, Sam (September 15, 2008). "Lehman folds with record $613 billion debt". MarketWatch. 
^ a b Sorkin, Andrew Ross (September 15, 2008). "In Frantic Day, Wall Street Banks Teeter". The New York Times. 
^ "ASX suspends Lehman Brothers". The Australian. September 15, 2008. Retrieved 2008-09-15. 
^ Kennedy, Siman; Morcroft, Greg (September 15, 2010). "Lehman failure, AIG struggle drive financials lower". MarketWatch. 
^ AFP (September 15, 2008). "afp.google.com, Lehman bankruptcy shakes world financial system". Google. Archived from the original on March 5, 2012. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ Grynbaum, Michael (September 15, 2008). "Wall St.’s Turmoil Sends Stocks Reeling". The New York Times. 
^ "Lehman Bros files for bankruptcy". BBC News. September 15, 2008. 
^ "Lehman Bros files for Civil Reorganization Law". Yomiuri Online. September 16, 2008. Archived from the original on September 16, 2008. Retrieved 2008-09-16. 
^ "NYSE to Suspend Trading in Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc. and Related Securities listed on NYSE and NYSE Arca; Moves to Remove from the List" (Press release). NYSE Euronext. September 17, 2008. Archived from the original on September 21, 2008. Retrieved 2008-09-18. 
^ "Lehman targets November 17 to win bankruptcy plan OK". Reuters. March 16, 2011. 
^ Greece lost a huge amount of money from deposits in Lehman Brothers.
^ Smith, Randall; Gullapalli, Diya; Mccracken, Jeffrey (17 September 2008). "Lehman, Workers Score Reprieve". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Emporis GmbH. "Lehman Brothers Building, New York City, U.S.A.". Emporis.com. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ "US judge approves Lehman's asset sale to Barclays". Reuters/Forbes. September 20, 2008. Retrieved 2008-09-20. [dead link]
^ "Judge approves .3bn Lehman deal". BBC News. September 20, 2008. 
^ "Judge approves $1.3bn Lehman deal". BBC News. September 20, 2008. 
^ Chasan, Emily (September 20, 2008). "reuters.com, Judge approves Lehman, Barclays pact". Reuters. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5hHts3gSHE_WcIZt-IgZWwYpgmeewD93ABG080. Retrieved September 20, 2008.  Missing or empty |title= (help)[dead link]
^ [1] Archived 21 September 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Nomura paying two dollars for Lehman's Europe ops: report Archived 2008-09-29 at the Wayback Machine., AFP, September 25, 2008
^ Nomura Buys Lehman's Europe Banking, Equities Units, Bloomberg, September 23, 2008
^ "Lehman Brothers 2007 Annual Report". [permanent dead link]
^ Durchslag, Adam (October 1, 2008) "Bain and Hellman secure Neuberger: private equity houses Bain Capital and Hellman & Friedman acquire Neuberger Berman from Lehman for US$2.15bn" Acquisitions Monthly from Access My Library
^ Money.cnn.com Archived 30 September 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ De, Michael J. (December 3, 2008). "Managers Win Auction for a Part of Lehman". The New York Times. 
^ Suresh Goel, "Crisis Management", Global India Publications Pvt Ltd, 2009, p. 125. Retrieved 2012-09-05
^ "Examiner’s Report – Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. Chapter 11 Proceedings". Lehmanreport.jenner.com. Archived from the original on 2011-11-15. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ "Lehman file rocks Wall Street". Financial Times. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ Frean, Alexandra (March 13, 2010). "Linklaters and Ernst and Young face action over Lehman Brothers collapse". The Times. London. Retrieved 2010-05-07. 
^ Clark, Andrew (March 12, 2010). "Could Lehman's Dick Fuld end up behind bars?". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 2010-05-07. 
^ Eaglesham, Jean; Rappaport, Liz (March 12, 2011). "Lehman Probe Stalls; Chance of No Charges". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Chellel, Kit (October 15, 2011). "Lehman, Nortel lose $3.5B pension appeal". Ottawacitizen.com. Retrieved 2011-11-02. 
^ "JPMorgan to pay $1.42 billion cash to settle most Lehman claims". Reuters. 2017-01-26. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ "Salomon Smith Barney" from Gambee, Robert. Wall Street. W. W. Norton & Company, 1999. p.73
^ a b c d e f g h i j "Board of Directors". Lehman Brothers. Archived from the original on October 1, 2001. Retrieved 2008-09-14. 
^ Corliss, Richard (July 9, 2010). "Despicable Me: It's Pickable!". Time.com. TIME Magazine. Retrieved August 25, 2015. 
^ a b c d e f g Lehman Brothers. A Centennial – Lehman Brothers 1850–1950. Spiral Press, 1950, pages 62–63
^ Crittenden, Ann (December 20, 1980). "Lehman's Office Move Marks End of an Aura; Lehman Leaves One William Street 'The Place Is a Pigsty' High Return on Capital". The New York Times. 
^ Salmans, Sandra (October 19, 1985). "At Last, Shearson Makes Its Move". 
^ "Lehman Brothers to Remain in New York with Purchase of Morgan Stanley's New Office Tower". Findarticles.com. October 8, 2001. Archived from the original on June 7, 2009. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 


Further reading[edit]

Auletta, Ken. Greed and Glory on Wall Street: The Fall of the House of Lehman. Random House, 1985
Bernhard, William, L., Birge, June Rossbach Bingham, Loeb, John L., Jr. Lots of Lehmans: The Family of Mayer Lehman of Lehman Brothers, Remembered by His Descendants. Center for Jewish History, 2007.
Birmingham, Stephen. Our Crowd: The Great Jewish Families of New York. Harper and Row, 1967.
Dillian, Jared, Street Freak: Money and Madness at Lehman Brothers: A Memoir, New York: Simon and Schuster, September 13, 2011. ISBN 978-1-4391-8126-3
Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997
Shirkhedkar, Jayant. Saving Lehman, One person at a time. McGraw-Hill, 2007
Lehman Brothers. A Centennial – Lehman Brothers 1850–1950. Spiral Press, 1950
Schack, Justin (May 2005). "Restoring the House of Lehman". Institutional Investor, p. 24–32.
Wechsberg, Joseph. The Merchant Bankers. Pocket Books, 1968
Nocera, Joe (September 11, 2009). "Lehman Had to Die So Global Finance Could Live". The New York Times. 
Lawrence, G. McDonald. (2009) A Colossal Failure of Common Sense: The Inside Story of the Collapse of Lehman Brothers. Crown Business
Sorkin, A. Ross (2009). Too Big to Fail: The Inside Story of How Wall Street and Washington Fought to Save the Financial System—and Themselves. Viking Adult
Kane and Stollery (2013). "Lessons learned: an exchange of views".

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Lehman Brothers.



Why Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns Collapsed
Lehman Brothers case study – KPMG China
crisis-lehman – Lehman Brothers in Spain
Lehman Brothers bankruptcy site linked to from Lehman Brothers' home page
Melse, E. (2009-10-28), TEMA analysis of Lehman Brothers – Video in Dutch. Masterclass
The Lehman Brothers Treasure Trove – slideshow by Life magazine
What did the Lehman Brothers implosion look like to a techie?, The Register
BBC: The Love of Money, The Bank That Bust the World
Bloomberg: Lehman Files Biggest Bankruptcy Case as Suitors Balk
Lehman Brothers Records at Baker Library Historical Collections, Harvard Business School
Barclays Group Archives: Lehman Brothers







v
t
e


Lehman family



Founding generation of Lehman Brothers



Henry Lehman
Emanuel Lehman
Mayer Lehman





Other notable family members



Arthur Altschul
Helen Lehman Buttenwieser
Herbert H. Lehman
Irving Lehman
Philip Lehman
Robert Lehman
John Langeloth Loeb Jr.





Financial firms



Lehman Brothers












v
t
e


Great Recession



By region



Africa
Americas

United States
South America


Asia
Europe
Oceania





United States-specific



Automotive industry crisis
California budget crisis
Housing bubble
Housing market correction
Subprime mortgage crisis





Banking losses and fraud



Anglo Irish Bank hidden loans controversy
Libor scandal

Tom Hayes


Société Générale trading loss
Forex scandal
Seán FitzPatrick
Bernard Madoff
Tom Petters
Scott W. Rothstein
Allen Stanford





Government entities



Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Home Loan Banks
Federal Housing Administration
Federal Housing Finance Agency
Federal Housing Finance Board
Federal Reserve System
Government National Mortgage Association
Irish Bank Resolution Corporation
National Asset Management Agency
Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight
Office of Financial Stability
UK Financial Investments










Government policy and spending responses



Banking and finance
stability and reform



Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Act 2009
Banking (Special Provisions) Act 2008
China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit
Commercial Paper Funding Facility
Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008
Irish emergency budget, 2009
Irish budget, 2010
Irish budget, 2011
Irish budget, 2012
Irish budget, 2013
Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program
Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility
Troubled Asset Relief Program
2008 United Kingdom bank rescue package




Bank stress tests



EU
U.S.








Stimulus and recovery



2008 European Union stimulus plan
2008–09 Keynesian resurgence
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Chinese economic stimulus program
Economic Stimulus Act of 2008
Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009
Green New Deal
Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008
National fiscal policy response to the Great Recession
Zero interest-rate policy





Government interventions,
rescues, and acquisitions



List of banks acquired or bankrupted during the Great Recession




Non-banking



Chrysler
General Motors











Securities involved
and financial markets



Auction rate securities
Collateralized debt obligations
Collateralized mortgage obligations
Credit default swaps
Mortgage-backed securities
Secondary mortgage market





Social responses



Tea Party protests (United States; c. 2009)
May Day protests (Europe, Middle East and North Africa, Asia; 2009)
Occupy movement (worldwide)





Related topics



2000s energy crisis

Central Asia: 2008


Effects on museums
Decline of newspapers
World food price crisis








European debt crisis
Financial crisis of 2007–08
List of countries by public debt












v
t
e


Barclays



Division and subsidiaries



Barclays Africa
Barclays Canada
Barclaycard
Barclays Investment Bank
Barclays Wealth





Historical components
and acquisitions



Backhouse's Bank
Barclays Private Equity
Crossroads Group
FirstCaribbean International Bank
Gurney's Bank
Juniper Bank
Kuhn, Loeb & Co.
Martins Bank
Lehman Brothers
Lock, Hulme & Co.
London Provincial and South Western Bank
The Woolwich





Corporate Directors



John McFarlane (Chairman)
Sir Gerry Grimstone (Deputy Chairman)
Jes Staley (Group Chief Executive)
Chris Lucas
David Booth
Alison Carnwath
Fulvio Conti
Simon Fraser
Reuben Jeffery III
Sir Andrew Likierman
Dambisa Moyo
Sir John Sunderland





Other



One Churchill Place








 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


American Express



Payment products



Accolades Cards
Charge cards
Credit cards
ExpressPay
Traveler's cheques
Centurion Card
Plum Card





Spun-off companies



Ameriprise Financial
First Data Corp.
Lehman Brothers
Merchants Despatch
Railway Express Agency
Warner-Amex Satellite Entertainment





Notable current and former executives



Henry Wells
William Fargo
J. C. Fargo
Howard L. Clark Sr.
Ralph Reed
James D. Robinson III
Louis V. Gerstner Jr.
Sanford I. Weill
Harvey Golub
Kenneth Chenault
Gary Crittenden





Corporate directors



Kenneth Chenault (Chairman)
Daniel Akerson
Charlene Barshefsky
Ursula Burns
Peter Chernin
Vernon Jordan Jr.
Jan Leschly
Rick Levin
Edward D. Miller
Frank Popoff
Robert D. Walter
Ron Williams





Other



The Adventures of Seinfeld & Superman
American Express Incentive Services
Salad Oil Scandal
World Monuments Watch
65 Broadway
Falmer Stadium (The American Express Community Stadium)
Small Business Saturday
Three World Financial Center









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 151279667
LCCN: n81066329
ISNI: 0000 0001 0153 6630










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Lehman_Brothers&oldid=788549929"					
Categories: 1850 establishments in the United StatesBank failures in the United StatesSystemic riskBanks based in New York CityBanks established in 1850Banks disestablished in 2008BarclaysCompanies delisted from the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 2008Defunct financial services companies of the United StatesFormer investment banksHistory of Montgomery, AlabamaLehman BrothersShearson Lehman/American ExpressAmerican companies established in 18502008 disestablishments in New YorkNomuraHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from March 2016Articles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2016Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsWebarchive template wayback linksPages using deprecated image syntaxArticles needing additional references from March 2016All articles needing additional referencesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2009Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡLietuviųMagyarBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்TürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt文言吴语粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 01:52.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Lehman Brothers - Wikipedia





















 






Lehman Brothers

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Lehman Brothers




Industry
Investment services


Fate
Chapter 11 bankruptcy liquidation


Successors



Nomura Holdings
Barclays





Founded
1850; 167 years ago (1850)
Montgomery, Alabama, U.S.[1]


Founders
Henry Lehman
Emanuel Lehman
Mayer Lehman


Defunct
2008


Headquarters
New York City, New York,
United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people




Robert Lehman
Pete Peterson
Richard Fuld





Products



Financial Services
Investment Banking
Investment management






Number of employees

26,200 (2008)


Subsidiaries
Lehman Brothers Inc., Neuberger Berman Inc., Aurora Loan Services, LLC, SIB Mortgage Corporation, Lehman Brothers Bank, FSB, Eagle Energy Partners, and the Crossroads Group


Website
Barclays Group Archives: Lehman Brothers


Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. (former NYSE ticker symbol LEH) /ˈliːmən/ was a global financial services firm. Before declaring bankruptcy in 2008, Lehman was the fourth-largest investment bank in the United States (behind Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, and Merrill Lynch), doing business in investment banking, equity and fixed-income sales and trading (especially U.S. Treasury securities), research, investment management, private equity, and private banking. Lehman was operational for 158 years from its founding in 1850 until 2008.[2]
On September 15, 2008, the firm filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection following the massive exodus of most of its clients, drastic losses in its stock, and devaluation of assets by credit rating agencies, largely sparked by Lehman's involvement in the subprime mortgage crisis, excessive risk taking and subsequent allegations of negligence and malfeasance.[3][4][5] Lehman's bankruptcy filing is the largest in US history,[6] and is thought to have played a major role in the unfolding of the late-2000s global financial crisis. On September 16, 2008, Lehman filed for bankruptcy. Global markets immediately plummeted, and systemic risk was uncorked. This market collapse also gave support to the "Too Big To Fail" doctrine.[7] The following day, Barclays announced its agreement to purchase, subject to regulatory approval, Lehman's North American investment-banking and trading divisions along with its New York headquarters building.[8][9] On September 20, 2008, a revised version of that agreement was approved by U.S. Bankruptcy Judge James M. Peck.[10] The next week, Nomura Holdings announced that it would acquire Lehman Brothers' franchise in the Asia-Pacific region, including Japan, Hong Kong and Australia,[11] as well as Lehman Brothers' investment banking and equities businesses in Europe and the Middle East. The deal became effective on October 13, 2008.[12]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Under the Lehman family (1850–1969)
1.2 An evolving partnership (1969–1984)
1.3 Merger with American Express (1984–1994)
1.4 Divestment and independence (1994–2008)
1.5 Response to September 11, 2001 attacks
1.6 June 2003 SEC litigation


2 Rise of Mortgage Origination-(1997-2006)
3 Collapse

3.1 Causes

3.1.1 Malfeasance
3.1.2 Subprime Mortgage Crisis
3.1.3 Short-selling allegations


3.2 Bankruptcy
3.3 Liquidation

3.3.1 Barclays acquisition
3.3.2 Nomura acquisition
3.3.3 Sale of asset management businesses


3.4 Financial fallout
3.5 Ongoing litigation


4 Merger and acquisition history
5 Board of directors
6 Former officers
7 In popular culture
8 Principal locations (first year of occupancy)
9 See also
10 References
11 Further reading
12 External links



History[edit]
Under the Lehman family (1850–1969)[edit]
See also: Lehman family




Emanuel and Mayer Lehman


In 1844, 23-year-old Henry Lehman,[13] the son of a Jewish cattle merchant, immigrated to the United States from Rimpar, Bavaria.[14] He settled in Montgomery, Alabama,[13] where he opened a dry-goods store, "H. Lehman".[15] In 1847, following the arrival of his brother Emanuel Lehman, the firm became "H. Lehman and Bro."[16] With the arrival of their youngest brother, Mayer Lehman, in 1850, the firm changed its name again and "Lehman Brothers" was founded.[15][17]
During the 1850s, cotton was one of the most important crops in the United States. Capitalizing on cotton's high market value, the three brothers began to routinely accept raw cotton from customers as payment for merchandise, eventually beginning a second business trading in cotton. Within a few years this business grew to become the most significant part of their operation. Following Henry's death from yellow fever in 1855,[15][18] the remaining brothers continued to focus on their commodities-trading/brokerage operations.
By 1858, the center of cotton trading had shifted from the South to New York City, where factors and commission houses were based. Lehman opened its first branch office at 119 Liberty Street,[18] and 32-year-old Emanuel relocated there to run the office.[15] In 1862, facing difficulties as a result of the Civil War, the firm teamed up with a cotton merchant named John Durr to form Lehman, Durr & Co.[19][20] Following the war the company helped finance Alabama's reconstruction. The firm's headquarters were eventually moved to New York City, where it helped found the New York Cotton Exchange in 1870;[18][21] Emanuel sat on the board of governors until 1884. The firm also dealt in the emerging market for railroad bonds and entered the financial-advisory business.




Herbert H. Lehman
Official U.S. Senate Photo


Lehman became a member of the Coffee Exchange as early as 1883 and finally the New York Stock Exchange in 1887.[18][21] In 1899, it underwrote its first public offering, the preferred and common stock of the International Steam Pump Company.[22]
Despite the offering of International Steam, the firm's real shift from being a commodities house to a house of issue did not begin until 1906. In that year, under Emanuel's son Philip Lehman, the firm partnered with Goldman, Sachs & Co.,[23][24] to bring the General Cigar Co. to market,[25] followed closely by Sears, Roebuck and Company.[25] During the following two decades, almost one hundred new issues were underwritten by Lehman, many times in conjunction with Goldman, Sachs. Among these were F.W. Woolworth Company,[25][26] May Department Stores Company, Gimbel Brothers, Inc.,[27] R.H. Macy & Company,[27] The Studebaker Corporation,[26] the B.F. Goodrich Co. and Endicott Johnson Corporation.
Following Philip Lehman's retirement in 1925, his son Robert "Bobbie" Lehman took over as head of the firm. During Bobbie's tenure, the company weathered the capital crisis of the Great Depression by focusing on venture capital while the equities market recovered.
Traditionally a family-only partnership, in 1924, John M. Hancock became the first non-family member to join the firm,[23][28] followed by Monroe C. Gutman and Paul Mazur in 1927. By 1928, the firm moved to its now famous One William Street location.




Pete Peterson


In the 1930s, Lehman underwrote the initial public offering of the first television manufacturer, DuMont, and helped fund the Radio Corporation of America (RCA).[29] It also helped finance the rapidly growing oil industry, including the companies Halliburton and Kerr-McGee. In the 1950s, Lehman underwrote the IPO of Digital Equipment Corporation. Later, it arranged the acquisition of Digital by Compaq.
An evolving partnership (1969–1984)[edit]





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Robert Lehman died in 1969 after 44 years as the patriarch of the firm, leaving no member of the Lehman family actively involved with the partnership.[30] Robert's death, coupled with a lack of a clear successor from within the Lehman family left a void in the company. At the same time, Lehman was facing strong headwinds amidst the difficult economic environment of the early 1970s. By 1972, the firm was facing hard times and in 1973, Pete Peterson, chairman and chief executive officer of the Bell & Howell Corporation, was brought in to save the firm.[30]
Under Peterson's leadership as chairman and CEO, the firm acquired Abraham & Co. in 1975, and two years later merged with the venerable, but struggling, Kuhn, Loeb & Co.,[30] to form Lehman Brothers, Kuhn, Loeb Inc., the country's fourth-largest investment bank, behind Salomon Brothers, Goldman Sachs and First Boston.[31] Peterson led the firm from significant operating losses to five consecutive years of record profits with a return on equity among the highest in the investment-banking industry.
By the early 1980s, hostilities between the firm's investment bankers and traders (who were driving most of the firm's profits) prompted Peterson to promote Lewis Glucksman, the firm's President, COO and former trader, to be his co-CEO in May 1983. Glucksman introduced a number of changes that had the effect of increasing tensions, which when coupled with Glucksman’s management style and a downturn in the markets, resulted in a power struggle that ousted Peterson and left Glucksman as the sole CEO.[32]
Upset bankers who had soured over the power struggle, left the company. Stephen A. Schwarzman, chairman of the firm's M&A committee, recalled in a February 2003 interview with Private Equity International that "Lehman Brothers had an extremely competitive internal environment, which ultimately became dysfunctional." The company suffered under the disintegration, and Glucksman was pressured into selling the firm.
Merger with American Express (1984–1994)[edit]




Shearson Lehman/American Express Logo


Main article: Shearson Lehman Hutton
Shearson/American Express, an American Express-owned securities company focused on brokerage rather than investment banking, acquired Lehman in 1984, for $360 million. On May 11, the combined firms became Shearson Lehman/American Express.[32] In 1988, Shearson Lehman/American Express and E.F. Hutton & Co. merged as Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc.[33]
From 1983 to 1990, Peter A. Cohen was CEO and chairman of Shearson Lehman Brothers,[34] where he led the one billion dollar purchase of E.F. Hutton to form Shearson Lehman Hutton.[35] During this period, Shearson Lehman was aggressive in building its leveraged finance business in the model of rival Drexel Burnham Lambert. In 1989, Shearson backed F. Ross Johnson's management team in its attempted management buyout of RJR Nabisco but were ultimately outbid by private equity firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, who was backed by Drexel.
Divestment and independence (1994–2008)[edit]
In 1993, under newly appointed CEO, Harvey Golub, American Express began to divest itself of its banking and brokerage operations. It sold its retail brokerage and asset management operations to Primerica[36] and in 1994 it spun off Lehman Brothers Kuhn Loeb in an initial public offering, as Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc.[37]
Despite rumors that it would be acquired again, Lehman performed quite well under chairman and CEO Richard S. Fuld, Jr.. By 2008, Fuld had been with the company for 30 years, and would be the longest-tenured CEO on Wall Street. Fuld had steered Lehman through the 1997 Asian Financial Crisis, a period where the firm's share price dropped to $22 USD in 1998, but he was said to have underestimated the downturn in the US housing market and its effect on Lehman's mortgage bond underwriting business. Fuld kept his job as the subprime mortgage crisis took hold, while CEOs of rivals like Bear Stearns, Merrill Lynch, and Citigroup were forced to resign.[38] In addition, Lehman's board of directors, which included retired CEOs like Vodafone's Christopher Gent and IBM's John Akers were reluctant to challenge Fuld as the firm's share price spiraled lower.[38]
Fuld had a succession of "number twos" under him, usually titled as president and chief operating officer. Chris Pettit was Fuld's second-in-command for two decades until November 26, 1996, when he resigned as president and board member. Pettit lost a power struggle with his deputies (Steve Lessing, Tom Tucker, and Joseph M. Gregory) back on March 15 that year that caused him to relinquish its COO title, likely brought about after the three men found out about Pettit's extramarital affairs, which violated Fuld's unwritten rules on marriage and social etiquette. Bradley Jack and Joseph M. Gregory were appointed co-COOs in 2002, but Jack was demoted to the office of the chairman in May 2004 and departed in June 2005 with a severance package of $80 million, making Gregory the sole COO. While Fuld was considered the "face" of Lehman brothers, Gregory was in charge of day-to-day operations and he influenced culture to drive the bottom line.[39] Gregory was demoted on June 12, 2008 and replaced as president and COO by Bart McDade, who had been serving as head of Equities, and McDade would see Lehman through bankruptcy.[40][41] McDade would later be one of a handful of Lehman executives offered a position with Barclays after their acquisition; he would step down after less than two months.[42]
In 2001, the firm acquired the private-client services, or "PCS", business of Cowen & Co.[43] and later, in 2003, aggressively re-entered the asset-management business, which it had exited in 1989.[44] Beginning with $2 billion in assets under management, the firm acquired the Crossroads Group, the fixed-income division of Lincoln Capital Management[44] and Neuberger Berman.[45] These businesses, together with the PCS business and Lehman's private-equity business, comprised the Investment Management Division, which generated approximately $3.1 billion in net revenue and almost $800 million in pretax income in 2007. Prior to going bankrupt, the firm had in excess of $275 billion in assets under management. Altogether, since going public in 1994, the firm had increased net revenues over 600% from $2.73 billion to $19.2 billion and had increased employee headcount over 230% from 8,500 to almost 28,600.
At the 2008 ALB China Law Awards,[46] Lehman Brothers was crowned:

Deal of the Year – Debt Market Deal of the Year
Deal of the Year – Equity Market Deal of the Year

Response to September 11, 2001 attacks[edit]




The former New York City headquarters now owned by Barclays.


On September 11, 2001, Lehman occupied three floors of World Trade Center where one of its employees was killed in the terrorist attacks of that day. Its global headquarters in Three World Financial Center were severely damaged and rendered unusable by falling debris, displacing over 6,500 employees. The bank recovered quickly and rebuilt its presence. Trading operations moved across the Hudson River to its Jersey City, New Jersey, facilities, where an impromptu trading floor was built in a hotel and brought online less than forty-eight hours after the attacks. When stock markets reopened on September 17, 2001, Lehman's sales and trading capabilities were restored.
In the ensuing months, the firm fanned out its operations across the New York City metropolitan area in over 40 temporary locations. The investment-banking division converted the first-floor lounges, restaurants, and all 665 guestrooms of the Sheraton Manhattan Hotel into office space.[47]
The bank also experimented with flextime (to share office space) and telecommuting via virtual private networking. In October 2001, Lehman purchased a 32-story, 1,050,000-square-foot (98,000 m2) office building for a reported sum of $700 million. The building, located at 745 Seventh Avenue, had recently been completed, and not yet occupied, by rival Morgan Stanley.
With Morgan Stanley's world headquarters located only two blocks away at 1585 Broadway, in the wake of the attacks the firm was re-evaluating its office plans which would have put over 10,000 employees in the Times Square area of New York City. Lehman began moving into the new facility in January and finished in March 2002, a move that significantly boosted morale throughout the firm.[39]
The firm was criticized for not moving back to its former headquarters in lower Manhattan. Following the attacks, only Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, and Merrill Lynch, of the major firms, remained in the downtown area. Lehman, however, pointed to the facts that it was committed to stay in New York City, that the new headquarters represented an ideal circumstance where the firm was desperate to buy and Morgan Stanley was desperate to sell, that when the new building was purchased, the structural integrity of Three World Financial Center had not yet been given a clean bill of health, and that the company could not have waited until May 2002 for repairs to Three World Financial Center to conclude.
After the attacks, Lehman's management placed increased emphasis on business continuity planning. Unlike its rivals, the company was unusually concentrated for a bulge-bracket investment bank. For example, Morgan Stanley maintains a 750,000-square-foot (70,000 m2) trading-and-banking facility in Westchester County, New York. The trading floor of UBS is located in Stamford, Connecticut. Merrill Lynch's asset-management division is located in Plainsboro Township, New Jersey. Aside from its headquarters in Three World Financial Center, Lehman maintained operations-and-backoffice facilities in Jersey City, space that the firm considered leaving prior to 9/11. The space was not only retained, but expanded, including the construction of a backup-trading facility. In addition, telecommuting technology first rolled out in the days following the attacks to allow employees to work from home was expanded and enhanced for general use throughout the firm.[48]
June 2003 SEC litigation[edit]
In June 2003, the company was one of ten firms which simultaneously entered into a settlement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Office of the New York State Attorney General and various other securities regulators, regarding undue influence over each firm's research analysts by its investment-banking divisions. Specifically, regulators alleged that the firms had improperly associated analyst compensation with the firms' investment-banking revenues, and promised favorable, market-moving research coverage, in exchange for underwriting opportunities. The settlement, known as the "global settlement", provided for total financial penalties of $1.4 billion, including $80 million against Lehman, and structural reforms, including a complete separation of investment banking departments from research departments, no analyst compensation, directly or indirectly, from investment-banking revenues, and the provision of free, independent, third-party, research to the firms' clients.
Rise of Mortgage Origination-(1997-2006)[edit]
Lehman was one of the first Wall Street firms to move into the business of mortgage origination. In 1997, Lehman bought Colorado-based lender, Aurora Loan Services, an Alt-A lender. In 2000, to expand their mortgage origination pipeline, Lehman purchased West Coast subprime mortgage lender BNC Mortgage LLC. Lehman quickly became a force in the subprime market. By 2003 Lehman made $18.2 billion in loans and ranked third in lending. By 2004, this number topped $40 billion. By 2006, Aurora and BNC were lending almost $50 billion per month.[49] Lehman had morphed into a real estate hedge fund disguised as an investment bank.[50] By 2008, Lehman had assets of $680 billion supported by only $22.5 billion of firm capital. From an equity position, its risky commercial real estate holdings were three times greater than capital. In such a highly leveraged structure, a 3 to 5 percent decline in real estate values would wipeout all capital.
Collapse[edit]
Main article: Bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers
Causes[edit]
Malfeasance[edit]
A March 2010 report by the court-appointed examiner indicated that Lehman executives regularly used cosmetic accounting gimmicks at the end of each quarter to make its finances appear less shaky than they really were. This practice was a type of repurchase agreement that temporarily removed securities from the company's balance sheet. However, unlike typical repurchase agreements, these deals were described by Lehman as the outright sale of securities and created "a materially misleading picture of the firm’s financial condition in late 2007 and 2008."[51]
Subprime Mortgage Crisis[edit]
In August 2007 the firm closed its subprime lender, BNC Mortgage, eliminating 1,200 positions in 23 locations, and took an after-tax charge of $25 million and a $27 million reduction in goodwill. Lehman said that poor market conditions in the mortgage space "necessitated a substantial reduction in its resources and capacity in the subprime space".[52]
In 2008, Lehman faced an unprecedented loss to the continuing subprime mortgage crisis. Lehman's loss was a result of having held on to large positions in subprime and other lower-rated mortgage tranches when securitizing the underlying mortgages; whether Lehman did this because it was simply unable to sell the lower-rated bonds, or made a conscious decision to hold them, is unclear. In any event, huge losses accrued in lower-rated mortgage-backed securities throughout 2008. In the second fiscal quarter, Lehman reported losses of $2.8 billion and was forced to sell off $6 billion in assets.[53] In the first half of 2008 alone, Lehman stock lost 73% of its value as the credit market continued to tighten.[53] In August 2008, Lehman reported that it intended to release 6% of its work force, 1,500 people, just ahead of its third-quarter-reporting deadline in September.[53]
In September 2007, Joe Gregory appointed Erin Callan as CFO. On March 16, 2008, after rival Bear Stearns was taken over by JP Morgan Chase in a fire sale, market analysts suggested that Lehman would be the next major investment bank to fall. Callan fielded Lehman's first quarter conference call, where the firm posted a profit of $489 million, compared to Citigroup's $5.1 billion and Merrill Lynch's $1.97 billion losses which was Lehman’s 55th consecutive profitable quarter. The firm's stock price leapt 46 percent after that announcement.[39][54][55][56]
On June 9, 2008, Lehman Brothers announced US$2.8 billion second-quarter loss, its first since being spun off from American Express, as market volatility rendered many of its hedges ineffective during that time. Lehman also reported that it had raised a further $6 billion in capital. As a result, there was major management shakeup, in which Hugh "Skip" McGee III (head of investment banking) held a meeting with senior staff to strip Fuld and his lieutenants of their authority. Consequently, Joe Gregory agreed to resign as president and COO, and afterward he told Erin Callan that she had to resign as CFO. Callan was appointed CFO of Lehman in 2008 but served only for six months, before departing after her mentor Joe Gregory was demoted.[54][55][56] Bart McDade was named to succeed Gregory as president and COO, when several senior executives threatened to leave if he was not promoted. McDade took charge and brought back Michael Gelband and Alex Kirk, who had previously been pushed out of the firm by Gregory for not taking risks. Although Fuld remained CEO, he soon became isolated from McDade's team.[39][57]
On August 22, 2008, shares in Lehman closed up 5% (16% for the week) on reports that the state-controlled Korea Development Bank was considering buying the bank.[58] Most of those gains were quickly eroded as news came in that Korea Development Bank was "facing difficulties pleasing regulators and attracting partners for the deal."[59] It culminated on September 9, when Lehman's shares plunged 45% to $7.79, after it was reported that the state-run South Korean firm had put talks on hold.[60]
Investor confidence continued to erode as Lehman's stock lost roughly half its value and pushed the S&P 500 down 3.4% on September 9. The Dow Jones lost 300 points the same day on investors' concerns about the security of the bank.[61] The U.S. government did not announce any plans to assist with any possible financial crisis that emerged at Lehman.[62]
The next day, Lehman announced a loss of $3.9 billion and its intent to sell off a majority stake in its investment-management business, which includes Neuberger Berman.[63][64] The stock slid seven percent that day.[64][65] Lehman, after earlier rejecting questions on the sale of the company, was reportedly searching for a buyer as its stock price dropped another 40 percent on September 11, 2008.[65]
Just before the collapse of Lehman Brothers, executives at Neuberger Berman sent e-mail memos suggesting, among other things, that the Lehman Brothers' top people forgo multimillion-dollar bonuses to "send a strong message to both employees and investors that management is not shirking accountability for recent performance."[66]
Lehman Brothers Investment Management Director George Herbert Walker IV dismissed the proposal, going so far as to actually apologize to other members of the Lehman Brothers executive committee for the idea of bonus reduction having been suggested. He wrote, "Sorry team. I am not sure what's in the water at Neuberger Berman. I'm embarrassed and I apologize."[66]
Short-selling allegations[edit]
During hearings on the bankruptcy filing by Lehman Brothers and bailout of AIG before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform,[67] former Lehman Brothers CEO Richard Fuld said a host of factors including a crisis of confidence and naked short-selling attacks followed by false rumors contributed to both the collapse of Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers. House committee Chairman Henry Waxman said the committee received thousands of pages of internal documents from Lehman and these documents portray a company in which there was "no accountability for failure".[68][69][70]
An article by journalist Matt Taibbi in Rolling Stone contended that naked short selling contributed to the demise of both Lehman and Bear Stearns.[71] A study by finance researchers at the University of Oklahoma Price College of Business studied trading in financial stocks, including Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns, and found "no evidence that stock price declines were caused by naked short selling".[72]
Bankruptcy[edit]
On Saturday, September 13, 2008, Timothy F. Geithner, then the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, called a meeting on the future of Lehman, which included the possibility of an emergency liquidation of its assets.[73] Lehman reported that it had been in talks with Bank of America and Barclays for the company's possible sale; however, both Barclays and Bank of America ultimately declined to purchase the entire company, in the former case because the British government (in particular, the Chancellor of the Exchequer Alastair Darling and the CEO of the Financial Services Authority Hector Sants) refused to allow the transaction at the last minute, quoting stockholder regulations in the UK, despite a deal having apparently been completed.[73][74]
The next day, Sunday, September 14, the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) offered an exceptional trading session to allow market participants to offset positions in various derivatives on the condition of a Lehman bankruptcy later that day.[75] Although the bankruptcy filing missed the deadline, many dealers honored the trades they made in the special session.[76]




Lehman Brothers headquarters in New York City on September 15, 2008


Shortly before 1 am Monday morning (UTC−5), Lehman Brothers Holdings announced it would file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection[77] citing bank debt of $613 billion, $155 billion in bond debt, and assets worth $639 billion.[78] It further announced that its subsidiaries would continue to operate as normal.[77] A group of Wall Street firms agreed to provide capital and financial assistance for the bank's orderly liquidation and the Federal Reserve, in turn, agreed to a swap of lower-quality assets in exchange for loans and other assistance from the government.[79] The morning witnessed scenes of Lehman employees removing files, items with the company logo, and other belongings from the world headquarters at 745 Seventh Avenue. The spectacle continued throughout the day and into the following day.
Later that day, the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) suspended Lehman's Australian subsidiary as a market participant after clearing-houses terminated contracts with the firm.[80] Lehman shares tumbled over 90% on September 15, 2008.[81][82] The Dow Jones closed down just over 500 points on September 15, 2008, which was at the time the largest drop in a single day since the days following the attacks on September 11, 2001.[83]
In the United Kingdom, the investment bank went into administration with PricewaterhouseCoopers appointed as administrators.[84] In Japan, the Japanese branch, Lehman Brothers Japan Inc., and its holding company filed for civil reorganization on September 16, 2008, in Tokyo District Court.[85] On September 17, 2008, the New York Stock Exchange delisted Lehman Brothers.[86]
On March 16, 2011 some three years after filing for bankruptcy and following a filing in a Manhattan U.S. bankruptcy court, Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc announced it would seek creditor approval of its reorganization plan by October 14 followed by a confirmation hearing to follow on November 17.[87][88]
Liquidation[edit]
Barclays acquisition[edit]
On September 16, 2008, Barclays PLC announced that they would acquire a "stripped clean" portion of Lehman for $1.75 billion, including most of Lehman's North America operations.[8][89] On September 20, 2008, a revised version of the deal, a $1.35 billion (£700 million) plan for Barclays to acquire the core business of Lehman (mainly its $960-million headquarters, a 38-story office building[90] in Midtown Manhattan, with responsibility for 9,000 former employees), was approved.[91][92] Manhattan court bankruptcy Judge James Peck, after a 7-hour hearing, ruled: "I have to approve this transaction because it is the only available transaction. Lehman Brothers became a victim, in effect the only true icon to fall in a tsunami that has befallen the credit markets. This is the most momentous bankruptcy hearing I've ever sat through. It can never be deemed precedent for future cases. It's hard for me to imagine a similar emergency."[93]
Luc Despins, then a partner at Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy, the creditors committee counsel, said: "The reason we're not objecting is really based on the lack of a viable alternative. We did not support the transaction because there had not been enough time to properly review it."[citation needed] In the amended agreement, Barclays would absorb $47.4 billion in securities and assume $45.5 billion in trading liabilities. Lehman's attorney Harvey R. Miller of Weil, Gotshal & Manges, said "the purchase price for the real estate components of the deal would be $1.29 billion, including $960 million for Lehman's New York headquarters and $330 million for two New Jersey data centers. Lehman's original estimate valued its headquarters at $1.02 billion but an appraisal from CB Richard Ellis this week valued it at $900 million."[citation needed] Further, Barclays will not acquire Lehman's Eagle Energy unit, but will have entities known as Lehman Brothers Canada Inc, Lehman Brothers Sudamerica, Lehman Brothers Uruguay and its Private Investment Management business for high-net-worth individuals. Finally, Lehman will retain $20 billion of securities assets in Lehman Brothers Inc that are not being transferred to Barclays.[94] Barclays acquired a potential liability of $2.5 billion to be paid as severance, if it chooses not to retain some Lehman employees beyond the guaranteed 90 days.[95][96]
Nomura acquisition[edit]
Nomura Holdings, Japan's top brokerage firm, agreed to buy the Asian division of Lehman Brothers for $225 million and parts of the European division for a nominal fee of $2.[97][98] It would not take on any trading assets or liabilities in the European units. Nomura negotiated such a low price because it acquired only Lehman's employees in the regions, and not its stocks, bonds or other assets. The last Lehman Brothers Annual Report identified that these non-US subsidiaries of Lehman Brothers were responsible for over 50% of global revenue produced.[99]
Sale of asset management businesses[edit]
On September 29, 2008, Lehman agreed to sell Neuberger Berman, part of its investment management business, to a pair of private-equity firms, Bain Capital Partners and Hellman & Friedman, for $2.15 billion.[100] The transaction was expected to close in early 2009, subject to approval by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court,[101] but a competing bid was entered by the firm's management, who ultimately prevailed in a bankruptcy auction on December 3, 2008. Creditors of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. retain a 49% common equity interest in the firm, now known as Neuberger Berman Group LLC.[102] In Europe, the Quantitative Asset Management Business has been acquired back by its employees on November 13, 2008 and has been renamed back to TOBAM.
Financial fallout[edit]
Lehman's bankruptcy was the largest failure of an investment bank since Drexel Burnham Lambert collapsed amid fraud allegations 18 years prior.[79] Immediately following the bankruptcy filing, an already distressed financial market began a period of extreme volatility, during which the Dow experienced its largest one day point loss, largest intra-day range (more than 1,000 points) and largest daily point gain. What followed was what many have called the "perfect storm" of economic distress factors and eventually a $700bn bailout package (Troubled Asset Relief Program) prepared by Henry Paulson, Secretary of the Treasury, and approved by Congress. The Dow eventually closed at a new six-year low of 7,552.29 on November 20, followed by a further drop to 6626 by March of the next year. Durvexity spiked, due to funding issues at the major investment banks.[103]
The fall of Lehman also had a strong effect on small private investors such as bond holders and holders of so-called Minibonds. In Germany structured products, often based on an index, were sold mostly to private investors, elderly, retired persons, students and families. Most of those now worthless derivatives were sold by the German arm of Citigroup, the German Citibank now owned by Crédit Mutuel.
Ongoing litigation[edit]
On March 11, 2010, Anton R. Valukas, a court-appointed examiner, published the results of its year-long investigation into the finances of Lehman Brothers.[104] This report revealed that Lehman Brothers used an accounting procedure termed repo 105 to temporarily exchange $50 billion of assets into cash just before publishing its financial statements.[105] The action could be seen to implicate both Ernst & Young, the bank's accountancy firm and Richard S. Fuld, Jr, the former CEO.[106] This could potentially lead to Ernst & Young being found guilty of financial malpractice and Fuld facing time in prison.[107]
According to The Wall Street Journal, in March 2011, the SEC announced that they weren't confident that they could prove that Lehman Brothers violated US laws in its accounting practices.[108]
In October 2011 the administrators of Lehman Brothers Holding Inc. lost their appeal to overturn a court order forcing them to pay £148 million into their underfunded pensions plan.[109]
As of January 2016, Lehman has already paid more than $105 billion to its unsecured creditors. In addition, JPMorgan will pay $1.42 billion in cash to settle a lawsuit accusing JPMorgan of draining Lehman Brothers liquidity right before the crash. The settlement would permit another $1.496 to be paid to creditors and a separate $76 million deposit.[110]
Merger and acquisition history[edit]
The following is an illustration of the company's major mergers and acquisitions and historical predecessors (this is not a comprehensive list):[111]


Lehman Brothers
(1994, spun off by American Express;
2008, bankrupt – see Bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers)




Shearson Lehman Hutton
(merged 1988)



Shearson Lehman Brothers
(merged 1984)



Shearson/American Express
(merged 1981)





American Express
(est. 1850)






Shearson Loeb Rhoades
(acquired 1981)



Shearson Hayden Stone
(merged 1973)



Hayden Stone, Inc. (formerly CBWL-Hayden Stone, merged 1970)





Cogan, Berlind, Weill & Levitt
(formerly Carter, Berlind, Potoma & Weill, est. 1960)








Hayden, Stone & Co.














Shearson, Hammill & Co.
(est. 1902)












Loeb, Rhoades, Hornblower & Co.
(merged 1978)



Loeb, Rhoades & Co.
(merged 1937)





Carl M. Loeb & Co.
(est. 1931)








Rhoades & Company
(est. 1905)












Hornblower, Weeks, Noyes & Trask
(merged 1953–1977)





Hornblower & Weeks
(est. 1888)








Hemphill, Noyes & Co.
(est. 1919, acq. 1963)








Spencer Trask & Co.
(est. 1866 as Trask & Brown)








Paul H. Davis & Co.
(est. 1920, acq. 1953)






























Lehman Brothers Kuhn Loeb
(merged 1977)



Lehman Brothers
(merged 1975)





Abraham & Co.
(est. 1938)








Lehman Brothers
(est. 1850)














Kuhn, Loeb & Co.
(est. 1867)




















E. F. Hutton & Co.
(est. 1904)














Neuberger Berman
(est. 1939, acq. 2003,
sold to management 2009)








Crossroads Group
(est. 1981, acq. 2003)












Board of directors[edit]

Richard S. Fuld, Jr., chairman and chief executive officer[112]
Michael L. Ainslie[112]
John F. Akers[112]
Roger S. Berlind[112]
Thomas Cruikshank[112]
Marsha Johnson Evans[112]
Sir Christopher Gent[112]
Roland A. Hernandez [112]
Dr. Henry Kaufman[112]
John D. Macomber[112]

Former officers[edit]

Richard S. Fuld, Jr.
Tom Russo
Scott J. Freidheim
Bart McDade
Joe Gregory
Ian Lowitt, chief financial officer at the time of Lehman's collapse
Jessie Bhattal
Jeremy Isaacs (not Sir Jeremy Isaacs, the British television producer and executive)
Hugh McGee
George Herbert Walker IV
Michael Gelband

In popular culture[edit]
The events of the weekend leading up to Lehman's bankruptcy were dramatized in The Last Days of Lehman Brothers, a 2009 British-made television film.
In the 2010 animated film Despicable Me, Lehman Brothers is referenced near the beginning. The main character Gru travels to the Bank of Evil, the bank that funds all evil plots for villains around the world, to try to take out a loan. As he passes under the banner with the bank's name, and under "Bank of Evil", in small letters, it reads, "Formerly Lehman Brothers".[113]
The 2011 American independent drama film Margin Call focuses on the events of a 24-hour period at a large investment bank based on amalgam of large investment banks, drawing heavily from the culture of Lehman Brothers. (However, the events in the movie are primarily a depiction of the actions of Goldman Sachs.)
In the 2011 comedy American film Horrible Bosses, Kenny Sommerfeld mentioned that he is a Yale graduate who worked for Lehman Brothers. He was earning a high six-figure salary, but is now unable to buy even basic necessities and lives in poverty.
The 2011 HBO movie Too Big to Fail recounted the days before Lehman Brothers declared bankruptcy and the fallout afterward.
The fall of Lehman Brothers is depicted in the 2015 movie The Big Short (film) where two of the characters walk around the Lehman Brothers offices after the bankruptcy to see the main trading floor.
Lehman Brothers is parodied in the 2016 Disney animated film Zootopia, which depicts a financial firm called "Lemming Brothers", staffed by lemmings.
Principal locations (first year of occupancy)[edit]

17 Court Square, Montgomery, Alabama (1847)*[114]
119 Liberty Street, New York, NY (1858)[114]
176 Fulton Street, New York, NY (1865–1866?)[21][114]
133–35 Pearl Street, New York, NY (1867)[21][114]
40 Exchange Place, New York, NY (1876)[21][114]
16 William Street, New York, NY (1892)[114]
One William Street, New York, NY (1928) **[114]
55 Water Street (1980) ***[115]
3 World Financial Center (1985)[116]
745 Seventh Avenue, New York, NY (2002)[117]

* Henry Lehman established his first store location on Commerce Street, in Montgomery, in 1845. In 1848, one year after Emanuel's arrival, the brothers moved "H. Lehman & Bro." to 17 Court Square, where it remained when Mayer arrived in 1850, forming "Lehman Brothers".
** Designated as a landmark by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Committee in 1996.
*** Sales and trading personnel had been in this location since 1977, when they were joined by the firm's investment bankers and brokers.
See also[edit]


Companies portal



MF Global, the largest Wall Street firm to collapse since the Lehman Brothers debacle in September 2008.
Valukas Report on the failure of Lehman

References[edit]


^ "History of the Lehman Brothers". Harvard University Library-Lehman Brothers Collection. Retrieved 2010-12-01. 
^ Melvyn Dubofsky (2013). The Oxford Encyclopedia of American Business, Labor, and Economic History. Oxford University Press. pp. 470–. ISBN 978-0-19-973881-6. 
^ Michael P. Malloy (2010). Anatomy of a Meltdown: A Dual Financial Biography of the Subprime Mortgage Crisis. Wolters Kluwer Law & Business. ISBN 978-0-7355-9458-6. 
^ Asli Yüksel Mermod; Samuel O. Idowu (29 August 2013). Corporate Social Responsibility in the Global Business World. Springer Science & Business Media. pp. 124–. ISBN 978-3-642-37620-7. 
^ Williams, Mark (April 12, 2010). Uncontrolled Risk. McGraw-Hill Education. ISBN 978-0071638296. 
^ Mamudi, Sam (September 15, 2005). "Lehman folds with record $613 billion debt". Marketwatch. 
^ Williams, Mark (April 12, 2010). Uncontrolled Risk. McGraw-Hill Education. p. 178. ISBN 978-0071638296. 
^ a b "Barclays announces agreement to acquire Lehman Brothers North American investment banking and capital markets businesses" (Press release). Barclays PLC. September 17, 2008. Archived from the original on December 13, 2013. Retrieved 2008-09-17. 
^ "Barclays buys core Lehman assets". BBC News. September 17, 2008. 
^ "Judge approves $1.3 billion Lehman deal". BBC News. September 20, 2008. 
^ "Nomura to acquire Lehman Brothers' Asia Pacific franchise" (Press release). Nomura Holdings. September 22, 2008. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ "Nomura to close acquisition of Lehman Brothers' Europe and Middle East investment banking and equities businesses on October 13" (Press release). Nomura Holdings. October 6, 2008. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 49
^ Bernhard, William, L., Birge, June Rossbach Bingham, Loeb, John L., Jr.. Lots of Lehmans – The Family of Mayer Lehman of Lehman Brothers, Remembered by His Descendants. Center For Jewish History, 2007, page 1
^ a b c d Wechsberg, Joseph. The Merchant Bankers. Pocket Books, 1966, page 233
^ Bernhard, William, L., Birge, June Rossbach Bingham, Loeb, John L., Jr.. Lots of Lehmans – The Family of Mayer Lehman of Lehman Brothers, Remembered by His Descendants. Center For Jewish History, 2007, page 5
^ Birmingham, Stephen. Our Crowd: The Great Jewish Families of New York. Harper and Row, 1967, page 47
^ a b c d Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 50
^ Birmingham, Stephen. Our Crowd: The Great Jewish Families of New York. Harper and Row, 1967, page 77
^ Bernhard, William, L., Birge, June Rossbach Bingham, Loeb, John L., Jr.. Lots of Lehmans – The Family of Mayer Lehman of Lehman Brothers, Remembered by His Descendants. Center For Jewish History, 2007, page 8
^ a b c d e Wechsberg, Joseph. The Merchant Bankers. Pocket Books, 1966, page 235
^ Swaine, Robert T. (1946). The Cravath Firm and Its Predecessors, 1819-1947. The Lawbook Exchange, Ltd. p. 633. ISBN 978-1-58477-713-7. Retrieved June 3, 2014. 
^ a b Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 51
^ Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 285
^ a b c Wechsberg, Joseph. The Merchant Bankers. Pocket Books, 1966, page 238
^ a b Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 53
^ a b Wechsberg, Joseph. The Merchant Bankers. Pocket Books, 1966, page 241
^ "John M. Hancock Papers". University of North Dakota. Archived from the original on 2007-02-10. Retrieved 2008-09-14. 
^ Ingham, John N. (1983). Biographical Dictionary of American Business Leaders. Greenwood Publishing Group. ISBN 9780313213625. Retrieved 2008-09-14. 
^ a b c Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 77[dead link]
^ Sloane, Leonard (November 29, 1977). "Lehman and Kuhn Loeb to Merge; Lehman Brothers and Kuhn Loeb Sign Agreement to Merge December 16". The New York Times. 
^ a b Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 78
^ Cole, Robert J. (December 4, 1987). "Company News – Hutton-Shearson Deal Announced". The New York Times. 
^ "Profile: Peter A. Cohen". Forbes. forbes.com. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ "Shearson Lehman Buying out E.F. Hutton – Rights Managed". Pro.corbis.com. Retrieved 2010-10-16. [permanent dead link]
^ Quint, Michael (March 13, 1993). "Primerica Will Buy Shearson for $1 billion". The New York Times. 
^ Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997, page 79
^ a b Christian Plumb and Dan Wilchins (September 14, 2008). "Lehman CEO Fuld's hubris contributed to meltdown". Reuters. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b c d "Print Page". Nymag.com. Retrieved 2013-10-07. 
^ Ward, Vicky (October 20, 2009). "Business: Lehman's Desperate Housewives &#124". Vanity Fair. VanityFair.com. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ Truell, Peter (November 27, 1996). "Pettit Resigns as President Of Lehman Brothers Firm". The New York Times. 
^ White, Ben; de la Merced, Michael J. (October 31, 2008). "McDade to Leave Barclays Capital". The New York Times. 
^ Charles Gasparino (July 18, 2000). "Lehman Brothers to take over SG Cowen's brokerage division". The Financial Express. Archived from the original on May 14, 2013. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b Christine Williamson. "Back Again: Lehman returns to institutional management with Lincoln deal; Purchase of fixed-income business ends 13-year absence". Pensions & Investments. Goliath. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Thomas, Landon, Jr. (July 23, 2003). "Market Place; Lehman to Buy Neuberger Berman For $2.6 Billion". The New York Times. 
^ "Legalbusinessonline.com.au". Legalbusinessonline.com.au. September 19, 2011. Retrieved 2011-11-02. [dead link]
^ Bill Egbert (September 19, 2001). "Lehman Checks into Sheraton". Daily News. nydailynews.com. Archived from the original on May 14, 2012. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ "Cast Study: Lehman Brothers" (PDF). Citrix.com. 2003. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2012-11-24. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Williams, Mark (April 12, 2010). Uncontrolled Risk. McGraw-Hill Education. p. 129. ISBN 978-0071638296. 
^ Williams, Mark (April 12, 2010). Uncontrolled Risk. McGraw-Hill Education. p. 135. ISBN 978-0071638296. 
^ Mark Trumbull (March 12, 2010). "Lehman Bros. used accounting trick amid financial crisis – and earlier". The Christian Science Monitor. csmonitor.com. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Kulikowski, Laura (August 22, 2007). "Lehman Brothers Amputates Mortgage Arm". TheStreet.com. Retrieved 2008-03-18. 
^ a b c Anderson, Jenny; Dash, Eric (August 29, 2008). "Struggling Lehman Plans to Lay Off 1,500". The New York Times. 
^ a b Katie Benner (September 26, 2008). "I was lucky to get out". Fortune. CNNmoney. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b "Sexist Language". NPR Ombudsman. June 20, 2008. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b Sellers, Patricia (March 8, 2010). "The Fall of a Wall Street Highflier". Fortune. CNNmoney. Archived from the original on December 9, 2011. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Onaran, Yalman; Helyar, John (December 31, 2008). "The fall of Lehman Bros - Part 4". The New Zealand Herald. 
^ Anderson, Jenny; Thomas, Landon, Jr. (August 22, 2008). "Lehman’s Shares Gain on Signs of Raising Capital". The New York Times. 
^ Morcroft, Greg (September 4, 2008). "Financials slip as Korea snags weigh on Lehman and Merrill". MarketWatch. 
^ Association of Funding Professionals (September 9, 2008). "Lehman Brothers in freefall as hopes fade for new capital". Google News. Archived from the original on April 21, 2009. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ "Dow plunges nearly 300 points on concern about Lehman". Times-Picayune. New Orleans. September 9, 2008. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Anderson, Jenny (September 9, 2008). "Wall Street’s Fears on Lehman Bros. Batter Markets". The New York Times. 
^ White, Ben (September 10, 2008). "Lehman Sees $3.9 billion Loss and Plans to Shed Assets". The New York Times. 
^ a b Bruno, Joe Bel (September 10, 2008). "Lehman shares slip on plans to auction off unit, consider sale of company". The Seattle Times. Associated Press. 
^ a b Anderson, Jenny; Sorkin, Andrew Ross (September 11, 2008). "As Pressure Builds, Lehman Said to Be Looking for a Buyer". The New York Times. 
^ a b Fitzgerald, Patrick (September 9, 2009). "Fund Manager Wants $12.3 Million from Lehman". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Statement of Richard S. Fuld, Jr. before the United States House of Representatives Committee on Oversight and Government Reform" (PDF). US House. October 6, 2008. Archived from the original (PDF) on September 16, 2012. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Smith, Aaron (October 6, 2008). "Fuld blames 'crisis of confidence'". CNNmoney. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Moore, Heidi N. (October 7, 2008). "Dick Fuld's Vendetta Against Short-Sellers—and Goldman Sachs". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Richard Fuld's Statement To The Congressional Committee (In Full)". News.hereisthecity.com. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ Taibbi, Matt (October 2009). "Wall Street's Naked Swindle". Rolling Stone. Retrieved 2009-10-15. 
^ Veljko Fotak, Vikas Raman and Pradeep K. Yadav (May 22, 2009). "Naked Short Selling: The Emperor`s New Clothes?" (PDF). Centre for Financial Research, University of Cologne. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b Anderson, Jenny; Dash, Eric; Bajaj, Vikas; Andrews, Edmund (September 13, 2008). "U.S. Gives Banks Urgent Warning to Solve Crisis". The New York Times. 
^ White, Ben; Anderson, Jenny (September 14, 2008). "Lehman Heads Toward Brink as Barclays Ends Talks". The New York Times. 
^ "Lehman Risk Reduction Trading Session and Protocol Agreement" (Press release). ISDA. September 14, 2008. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Jane Baird (September 15, 2008). "CDS dealers honour trades to cut Lehman risk". Reuters. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ a b "Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. Announces It Intends to File Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Petition" (PDF). Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. September 15, 2008. Retrieved 2008-09-15. 
^ Mamudi, Sam (September 15, 2008). "Lehman folds with record $613 billion debt". MarketWatch. 
^ a b Sorkin, Andrew Ross (September 15, 2008). "In Frantic Day, Wall Street Banks Teeter". The New York Times. 
^ "ASX suspends Lehman Brothers". The Australian. September 15, 2008. Retrieved 2008-09-15. 
^ Kennedy, Siman; Morcroft, Greg (September 15, 2010). "Lehman failure, AIG struggle drive financials lower". MarketWatch. 
^ AFP (September 15, 2008). "afp.google.com, Lehman bankruptcy shakes world financial system". Google. Archived from the original on March 5, 2012. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ Grynbaum, Michael (September 15, 2008). "Wall St.’s Turmoil Sends Stocks Reeling". The New York Times. 
^ "Lehman Bros files for bankruptcy". BBC News. September 15, 2008. 
^ "Lehman Bros files for Civil Reorganization Law". Yomiuri Online. September 16, 2008. Archived from the original on September 16, 2008. Retrieved 2008-09-16. 
^ "NYSE to Suspend Trading in Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc. and Related Securities listed on NYSE and NYSE Arca; Moves to Remove from the List" (Press release). NYSE Euronext. September 17, 2008. Archived from the original on September 21, 2008. Retrieved 2008-09-18. 
^ "Lehman targets November 17 to win bankruptcy plan OK". Reuters. March 16, 2011. 
^ Greece lost a huge amount of money from deposits in Lehman Brothers.
^ Smith, Randall; Gullapalli, Diya; Mccracken, Jeffrey (17 September 2008). "Lehman, Workers Score Reprieve". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Emporis GmbH. "Lehman Brothers Building, New York City, U.S.A.". Emporis.com. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ "US judge approves Lehman's asset sale to Barclays". Reuters/Forbes. September 20, 2008. Retrieved 2008-09-20. [dead link]
^ "Judge approves .3bn Lehman deal". BBC News. September 20, 2008. 
^ "Judge approves $1.3bn Lehman deal". BBC News. September 20, 2008. 
^ Chasan, Emily (September 20, 2008). "reuters.com, Judge approves Lehman, Barclays pact". Reuters. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5hHts3gSHE_WcIZt-IgZWwYpgmeewD93ABG080. Retrieved September 20, 2008.  Missing or empty |title= (help)[dead link]
^ [1] Archived 21 September 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Nomura paying two dollars for Lehman's Europe ops: report Archived 2008-09-29 at the Wayback Machine., AFP, September 25, 2008
^ Nomura Buys Lehman's Europe Banking, Equities Units, Bloomberg, September 23, 2008
^ "Lehman Brothers 2007 Annual Report". [permanent dead link]
^ Durchslag, Adam (October 1, 2008) "Bain and Hellman secure Neuberger: private equity houses Bain Capital and Hellman & Friedman acquire Neuberger Berman from Lehman for US$2.15bn" Acquisitions Monthly from Access My Library
^ Money.cnn.com Archived 30 September 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ De, Michael J. (December 3, 2008). "Managers Win Auction for a Part of Lehman". The New York Times. 
^ Suresh Goel, "Crisis Management", Global India Publications Pvt Ltd, 2009, p. 125. Retrieved 2012-09-05
^ "Examiner’s Report – Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. Chapter 11 Proceedings". Lehmanreport.jenner.com. Archived from the original on 2011-11-15. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ "Lehman file rocks Wall Street". Financial Times. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 
^ Frean, Alexandra (March 13, 2010). "Linklaters and Ernst and Young face action over Lehman Brothers collapse". The Times. London. Retrieved 2010-05-07. 
^ Clark, Andrew (March 12, 2010). "Could Lehman's Dick Fuld end up behind bars?". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 2010-05-07. 
^ Eaglesham, Jean; Rappaport, Liz (March 12, 2011). "Lehman Probe Stalls; Chance of No Charges". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Chellel, Kit (October 15, 2011). "Lehman, Nortel lose $3.5B pension appeal". Ottawacitizen.com. Retrieved 2011-11-02. 
^ "JPMorgan to pay $1.42 billion cash to settle most Lehman claims". Reuters. 2017-01-26. Retrieved 2017-01-22. 
^ "Salomon Smith Barney" from Gambee, Robert. Wall Street. W. W. Norton & Company, 1999. p.73
^ a b c d e f g h i j "Board of Directors". Lehman Brothers. Archived from the original on October 1, 2001. Retrieved 2008-09-14. 
^ Corliss, Richard (July 9, 2010). "Despicable Me: It's Pickable!". Time.com. TIME Magazine. Retrieved August 25, 2015. 
^ a b c d e f g Lehman Brothers. A Centennial – Lehman Brothers 1850–1950. Spiral Press, 1950, pages 62–63
^ Crittenden, Ann (December 20, 1980). "Lehman's Office Move Marks End of an Aura; Lehman Leaves One William Street 'The Place Is a Pigsty' High Return on Capital". The New York Times. 
^ Salmans, Sandra (October 19, 1985). "At Last, Shearson Makes Its Move". 
^ "Lehman Brothers to Remain in New York with Purchase of Morgan Stanley's New Office Tower". Findarticles.com. October 8, 2001. Archived from the original on June 7, 2009. Retrieved 2010-10-16. 


Further reading[edit]

Auletta, Ken. Greed and Glory on Wall Street: The Fall of the House of Lehman. Random House, 1985
Bernhard, William, L., Birge, June Rossbach Bingham, Loeb, John L., Jr. Lots of Lehmans: The Family of Mayer Lehman of Lehman Brothers, Remembered by His Descendants. Center for Jewish History, 2007.
Birmingham, Stephen. Our Crowd: The Great Jewish Families of New York. Harper and Row, 1967.
Dillian, Jared, Street Freak: Money and Madness at Lehman Brothers: A Memoir, New York: Simon and Schuster, September 13, 2011. ISBN 978-1-4391-8126-3
Geisst, Charles R. The Last Partnerships. McGraw-Hill, 1997
Shirkhedkar, Jayant. Saving Lehman, One person at a time. McGraw-Hill, 2007
Lehman Brothers. A Centennial – Lehman Brothers 1850–1950. Spiral Press, 1950
Schack, Justin (May 2005). "Restoring the House of Lehman". Institutional Investor, p. 24–32.
Wechsberg, Joseph. The Merchant Bankers. Pocket Books, 1968
Nocera, Joe (September 11, 2009). "Lehman Had to Die So Global Finance Could Live". The New York Times. 
Lawrence, G. McDonald. (2009) A Colossal Failure of Common Sense: The Inside Story of the Collapse of Lehman Brothers. Crown Business
Sorkin, A. Ross (2009). Too Big to Fail: The Inside Story of How Wall Street and Washington Fought to Save the Financial System—and Themselves. Viking Adult
Kane and Stollery (2013). "Lessons learned: an exchange of views".

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Lehman Brothers.



Why Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns Collapsed
Lehman Brothers case study – KPMG China
crisis-lehman – Lehman Brothers in Spain
Lehman Brothers bankruptcy site linked to from Lehman Brothers' home page
Melse, E. (2009-10-28), TEMA analysis of Lehman Brothers – Video in Dutch. Masterclass
The Lehman Brothers Treasure Trove – slideshow by Life magazine
What did the Lehman Brothers implosion look like to a techie?, The Register
BBC: The Love of Money, The Bank That Bust the World
Bloomberg: Lehman Files Biggest Bankruptcy Case as Suitors Balk
Lehman Brothers Records at Baker Library Historical Collections, Harvard Business School
Barclays Group Archives: Lehman Brothers







v
t
e


Lehman family



Founding generation of Lehman Brothers



Henry Lehman
Emanuel Lehman
Mayer Lehman





Other notable family members



Arthur Altschul
Helen Lehman Buttenwieser
Herbert H. Lehman
Irving Lehman
Philip Lehman
Robert Lehman
John Langeloth Loeb Jr.





Financial firms



Lehman Brothers












v
t
e


Great Recession



By region



Africa
Americas

United States
South America


Asia
Europe
Oceania





United States-specific



Automotive industry crisis
California budget crisis
Housing bubble
Housing market correction
Subprime mortgage crisis





Banking losses and fraud



Anglo Irish Bank hidden loans controversy
Libor scandal

Tom Hayes


Société Générale trading loss
Forex scandal
Seán FitzPatrick
Bernard Madoff
Tom Petters
Scott W. Rothstein
Allen Stanford





Government entities



Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Home Loan Banks
Federal Housing Administration
Federal Housing Finance Agency
Federal Housing Finance Board
Federal Reserve System
Government National Mortgage Association
Irish Bank Resolution Corporation
National Asset Management Agency
Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight
Office of Financial Stability
UK Financial Investments










Government policy and spending responses



Banking and finance
stability and reform



Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Act 2009
Banking (Special Provisions) Act 2008
China–Japan–South Korea trilateral summit
Commercial Paper Funding Facility
Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008
Irish emergency budget, 2009
Irish budget, 2010
Irish budget, 2011
Irish budget, 2012
Irish budget, 2013
Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program
Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility
Troubled Asset Relief Program
2008 United Kingdom bank rescue package




Bank stress tests



EU
U.S.








Stimulus and recovery



2008 European Union stimulus plan
2008–09 Keynesian resurgence
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
Chinese economic stimulus program
Economic Stimulus Act of 2008
Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009
Green New Deal
Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008
National fiscal policy response to the Great Recession
Zero interest-rate policy





Government interventions,
rescues, and acquisitions



List of banks acquired or bankrupted during the Great Recession




Non-banking



Chrysler
General Motors











Securities involved
and financial markets



Auction rate securities
Collateralized debt obligations
Collateralized mortgage obligations
Credit default swaps
Mortgage-backed securities
Secondary mortgage market





Social responses



Tea Party protests (United States; c. 2009)
May Day protests (Europe, Middle East and North Africa, Asia; 2009)
Occupy movement (worldwide)





Related topics



2000s energy crisis

Central Asia: 2008


Effects on museums
Decline of newspapers
World food price crisis








European debt crisis
Financial crisis of 2007–08
List of countries by public debt












v
t
e


Barclays



Division and subsidiaries



Barclays Africa
Barclays Canada
Barclaycard
Barclays Investment Bank
Barclays Wealth





Historical components
and acquisitions



Backhouse's Bank
Barclays Private Equity
Crossroads Group
FirstCaribbean International Bank
Gurney's Bank
Juniper Bank
Kuhn, Loeb & Co.
Martins Bank
Lehman Brothers
Lock, Hulme & Co.
London Provincial and South Western Bank
The Woolwich





Corporate Directors



John McFarlane (Chairman)
Sir Gerry Grimstone (Deputy Chairman)
Jes Staley (Group Chief Executive)
Chris Lucas
David Booth
Alison Carnwath
Fulvio Conti
Simon Fraser
Reuben Jeffery III
Sir Andrew Likierman
Dambisa Moyo
Sir John Sunderland





Other



One Churchill Place








 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


American Express



Payment products



Accolades Cards
Charge cards
Credit cards
ExpressPay
Traveler's cheques
Centurion Card
Plum Card





Spun-off companies



Ameriprise Financial
First Data Corp.
Lehman Brothers
Merchants Despatch
Railway Express Agency
Warner-Amex Satellite Entertainment





Notable current and former executives



Henry Wells
William Fargo
J. C. Fargo
Howard L. Clark Sr.
Ralph Reed
James D. Robinson III
Louis V. Gerstner Jr.
Sanford I. Weill
Harvey Golub
Kenneth Chenault
Gary Crittenden





Corporate directors



Kenneth Chenault (Chairman)
Daniel Akerson
Charlene Barshefsky
Ursula Burns
Peter Chernin
Vernon Jordan Jr.
Jan Leschly
Rick Levin
Edward D. Miller
Frank Popoff
Robert D. Walter
Ron Williams





Other



The Adventures of Seinfeld & Superman
American Express Incentive Services
Salad Oil Scandal
World Monuments Watch
65 Broadway
Falmer Stadium (The American Express Community Stadium)
Small Business Saturday
Three World Financial Center









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 151279667
LCCN: n81066329
ISNI: 0000 0001 0153 6630










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Lehman_Brothers&oldid=788549929"					
Categories: 1850 establishments in the United StatesBank failures in the United StatesSystemic riskBanks based in New York CityBanks established in 1850Banks disestablished in 2008BarclaysCompanies delisted from the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 2008Defunct financial services companies of the United StatesFormer investment banksHistory of Montgomery, AlabamaLehman BrothersShearson Lehman/American ExpressAmerican companies established in 18502008 disestablishments in New YorkNomuraHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from March 2016Articles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2016Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsWebarchive template wayback linksPages using deprecated image syntaxArticles needing additional references from March 2016All articles needing additional referencesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2009Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡLietuviųMagyarBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்TürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt文言吴语粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 01:52.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






 









Mark Berman; Guard Bobby Brown (@BBROWNLAU) r… | HoopsHype


















































































































				All NBA Teams
			



					All NBA Teams
				



Eastern


									Atlanta								



									Boston								



									Brooklyn								



									Charlotte								



									Chicago								



									Cleveland								



									Detroit								



									Indiana								



									Miami								



									Milwaukee								



									New York								



									Orlando								



									Philadelphia								



									Toronto								



									Washington								





Western


									Dallas								



									Denver								



									Golden State								



									Houston								



									LA Clippers								



									LA Lakers								



									Memphis								



									Minnesota								



									New Orleans								



									Oklahoma City								



									Phoenix								



									Portland								



									Sacramento								



									San Antonio								



									Utah								






Mark Berman; Guard Bobby Brown (@BBROWNLAU) returns to …






0
shares



share



tweet



sms



send



email




6 days ago
 – 
via Twitter

Mark Berman; Guard Bobby Brown (@BBROWNLAU) returns to the #Rockets: “The sky’s the limit.”


Free Agency, Uncategorized

Free Agency, Bobby Brown, Houston Rockets
 

Storyline:
Bobby Brown Free Agency
 


More HoopsHype Rumors


July 26, 2017 | 7:24 pm EDT Update






 
Washington Wizards President Ernie Grunfeld announced today that the team has signed All-NBA guard John Wall to a multi-year contract extension. Per team policy, terms of the deal were not disclosed.

52 mins ago
 – 
via NBA.com



Uncategorized

John Wall, Washington Wizards
 



Storyline:
John Wall Extension









share





tweet





send





sms





email













“Returning to the only team I’ve known in my professional career was an easy decision for me,” said Wall. “I want to thank my family, Mr. Leonsis, Ernie Grunfeld, all of my coaches and my teammates for their amazing support over the last seven years. I understand my role as the leader of this franchise and I will continue to work hard to improve my game and make our team better. Washington, D.C., is my second home and I take seriously my efforts in the community and look forward to strengthening that bond. Our fans are amazing and I’m excited to bring them and this city continued success and a team they can be proud of.”

52 mins ago
 – 
via NBA.com



Uncategorized

John Wall, Washington Wizards
 










share





tweet





send





sms





email












 
“John is an exceptional talent and a cornerstone for our team – and our city,” said Ted Leonsis, Founder, Chairman and Majority Owner of Monumental Sports and Entertainment. “This signing means stability for the Wizards for years to come and solidifies our commitment to drafting and then developing talent here at home. It’s John’s unique blend of skill and leadership that makes us a championship-caliber team.”

52 mins ago
 – 
via NBA.com



Owners, Ted Leonsis, Uncategorized

Owners, Ted Leonsis, John Wall, Washington Wizards
 










share





tweet





send





sms





email












 
LeBron James: Yes sir @JohnWall!!! Congrats bro. U know what it is. @KlutchSports #KlutchThings #StriveForGreatness

52 mins ago
 – 
via Twitter KingJames



Uncategorized

John Wall, LeBron James, Cleveland Cavaliers, Washington Wizards
 



Storyline:
John Wall Extension









share





tweet





send





sms





email












 
Irving, meanwhile, returned Wednesday from an overseas trip as a report surfaced about his hipster pastor, Carl Lentz, influencing the point guard’s decision to request a trade. Not that it indicates anything about Irving’s next destination, but Lentz is a regular at Knicks games and close with assistant GM Allan Houston.

52 mins ago
 – 
via New York Daily News



Carl Lentz, Trade, Uncategorized

Carl Lentz, Trade, Allan Houston, Kyrie Irving, Cleveland Cavaliers, New York Knicks
 










share





tweet





send





sms





email












 
However, a source told the Daily News that Lentz is not a fan of owner James Dolan, who once banned the pastor from being in the Knicks locker room, family room and team practices.

52 mins ago
 – 
via New York Daily News



Carl Lentz, James Dolan, Owners, Trade, Uncategorized

Carl Lentz, James Dolan, Owners, Trade, Kyrie Irving, Cleveland Cavaliers, New York Knicks
 










share





tweet





send





sms





email













Tony Allen: ⛹️‍♂️100




.@JCrossover said the best defenders he's ever faced are @TheDougChristie, @aa000G9 and @Bowen12. Full podcast: https://t.co/cMmqO9hAJ7
— Alex Kennedy (@AlexKennedyNBA) July 26, 2017



52 mins ago
 – 
via Twitter aa000G9



Social Media, Uncategorized

Social Media, Jamal Crawford, Tony Allen, Memphis Grizzlies, Minnesota Timberwolves
 










share





tweet





send





sms





email















 


Hot Storylines




					John Wall Extension				



					Kyrie Irving Trade?				



					Tony Allen Free Agency				



					Ian Clark Free Agency				



					Kings Front Office				



					LeBron James Free Agency				



Top salaries

Team Payrolls
Player Salaries






								1.
							


									Cleveland								


									$133,248,620								



								2.
							


									Miami								


									$127,689,813								



								3.
							


									Portland								


									$122,498,424								



								4.
							


									Golden State								


									$120,340,771								



								5.
							


									Washington								


									$116,720,433								



								6.
							


									Milwaukee								


									$113,123,152								



								7.
							


									Charlotte								


									$110,752,494								



								8.
							


									Oklahoma City								


									$109,208,348								



								9.
							


									New Orleans								


									$108,566,146								



								10.
							


									Detroit								


									$105,462,683								





						View more team payrolls
					







								1.
							


										Stephen Curry									


								$34,682,550							



								2.
							


										LeBron James									


								$33,285,709							



								3.
							


										Gordon Hayward									


								$29,727,900							



								4.
							


										Mike Conley									


								$28,530,608							



								5.
							


										James Harden									


								$28,299,399							



								5.
							


										Russell Westbrook									


								$28,299,399							



								7.
							


										DeMar DeRozan									


								$27,739,975							



								8.
							


										Al Horford									


								$27,734,405							



								9.
							


										Carmelo Anthony									


								$26,243,760							



								10.
							


										Damian Lillard									


								$26,153,057							





						View more player salaries
					



SocialView hoopshype’s profile on FacebookView hoopshype’s profile on Twitter 
Media
Players
Spanish






Chuck Cooperstein
@coopmavs

Yu. Right on time. #thisjustshouldnthappen







Jeff Wade
@SkinWade

The Darvish leadoff HR is mystifying.







Mike Fisher
@fishsports

Maliek Collins just rumbled his way to the #Cowboys trainers tent.




View more NBA Media Twitter







Kyle Kuzma
@kylekuzma

I was a auxiliary gym all-star twitter.com/brotherhood05/…







Kent Bazemore
@24Bazemore

👀👀👀. Cam came to camp at 245 doe! He back! twitter.com/panthers/statu…







Kent Bazemore
@24Bazemore

😳 twitter.com/kyle_oquinn/st…




View more NBA Players on Twitter







Nacho Duque
@duque_nacho

Ahora mismo hay pocas posibilidades de que Mirotic esté en el Europeo. La decisión se tomará hoy. marca.com/baloncesto/sel…







Gabriel Rosenbaun
@GaboRosen

#ArgentinoDeMayores Bruna, Mansilla y Rossini sumaron 12 puntos cada uno. Bortolín anotó 10 unidades en el equipo de Bernardo Lardone <a href="<a href="<a href="pic.twitter.com/SdqFmLWFPq" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">pic.twitter.com/SdqFmLWFPq" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">pic.twitter.com/SdqFmLWFPq" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">pic.twitter.com/SdqFmLWFPq







Fabian Garcia
@basquetplus

Lauría: "Fue mi receso más difícil por la ansiedad de definir dónde jugaba"; basquetplus.com/articulo/laurí… #TNA pic.twitter.com/FtXZYd1CCk






Latest News
Trending










0




DunkWire 

			Otis Smith, potential exec for Kings, traded for Vince Carter in 2010		
July 26, 2017









0




Gallery 

			NBA stars who had so-so rookie seasons		










7




DunkWire 

			Eric Bledsoe to work out with LeBron James, Derrick Rose in Las Vegas		










10




Podcast 

			Shane Larkin on his free agency experience, joining the Boston Celtics and his stint overseas		










87




Social Media 

			Trending stories: The latest on Kyrie Irving, Brandon Knight and more		














87




Social Media 

			Trending stories: The latest on Kyrie Irving, Brandon Knight and more		










290




Social Media 

			Trending stories: Kyrie Irving trade scenarios, Derrick Rose and more		
July 25, 2017









430




Social Media 

			Trending stories: Inside Kyrie Irving's trade demand, Kawhi Leonard and more		
July 24, 2017









439




Social Media 

			Trending stories: Kyrie Irving's trade request, Kristaps Porzingis and more		
July 23, 2017









282




Social Media 

			Trending stories: Kyrie Irving trade rumors, John Wall, Pau Gasol and more		
July 22, 2017







 







Terms of Service

Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights

Ad Choices




Nuggets, Blazers swap centers


			Powered by WordPress.com VIP 



			More Information		















Home



Follow us…











Rumors

Atlanta Hawks
Boston Celtics
Brooklyn Nets
Charlotte Hornets
Chicago Bulls
Cleveland Cavaliers
Dallas Mavericks
Denver Nuggets
Detroit Pistons
Golden State Warriors
Houston Rockets
Indiana Pacers
Los Angeles Clippers
Los Angeles Lakers
Memphis Grizzlies
Miami Heat
Milwaukee Bucks
Minnesota Timberwolves
New Orleans Pelicans
New York Knicks
Oklahoma City Thunder
Orlando Magic
Philadelphia 76ers
Phoenix Suns
Portland Trail Blazers
Sacramento Kings
San Antonio Spurs
Toronto Raptors
Utah Jazz
Washington Wizards


Salaries

Players
Teams


Twitter

Media
Players


Features

Agents
Analytics
Draft
Free Agency 2017
Free Agent Look
Instagram
Longform
Players
Podcasts
Re-Drafts
Store
Trade Candidate Watch
Transactions
Trending Stories
Trivia




Terms of Service

Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights


Nuggets, Blazers swap centers

				Powered by WordPress.com VIP 

















 










































































































































	Home | Neuberger Berman








































































































United States
Not Your Country?


To access available investments and market insights, please select your audience (required).
































Personalize Your Experience

In order to provide a completely personalized experience, please select from the following options.(required)


Please select a job role.

I would also like Defined Contribution specific content.



Submit

















Order Cart

You have unordered items in your cart
 Do not show this message again.
            


Go To Cart
Close









Username change

Our records show your email address may have changed. Do you want to update it?(You will have to re-login back in.)
 Do not show this message again.
            


Yes No









Terms and Conditions




Accept   
						  Decline









Terms and Conditions






Accept
Decline









United States




Not Your Country?
Select a Site
To access available investments and market insights, please select your audience (required).



 
 
 
 


























Select Your Region





Select Your Country





Select Your Audience











GlobalSelect Your Country


















        en: global
    



    
    Change Country
    
    












































 






ASSET ALLOCATION COMMITTEE OUTLOOK 3Q2017
From Reflation to “Goldilocks”: What Comes Next?
Which markets can thrive when the range of potential outcomes is so wide?
Read Our Insight








                                            For Available Investments
                                            and Market Insights
                                        
Select Your Country





​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​







​​​​​​
           
 
 
 



Insights and InvestmentsCIO Weekly Perspectives‘War and Peace’ on the BeachSummer reflections on complacency, humility and diversification.InsightRates: Where’s the Drama?The Federal Reserve raised short-term interest rates as expected, but things could get a bit more entertaining as the year progresses.CapabilitiesInvestment PlatformWe offer global clients investment solutions across asset classes, capitalizations, styles and geographies in both public and private...VideoFixed Income at Neuberger BermanBrad Tank, Chief Investment Officer – Fixed Income, explains our client-first philosophy and research-driven approach.

Get to Know UsOur FirmAbout Neuberger BermanNeuberger Berman was founded in 1939 to do one thing: deliver compelling investment results for our clients over the long term.VideoWho We AreWatch an overview of our firm’s history, capabilities, and culture.2016 Annual ReportA Message from Our CEO2016 was a year of great change—in geopolitics, in economic policy and expectations, and in financial markets. Through it all, however,...ESG InvestingA Purpose-Driven Investment ApproachAs a global investment manager, Neuberger Berman has a responsibility to consider how the choices we make as investors and as...




























/ 
            /Style Library/images/spacer.gif 



































 




Mobster’s Daughter, Writer, Murder Victim: Woman at Center of Durst Trial - The New York Times



































































































































NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.
LEARN MORE »









Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
View mobile version




The New York Times





N.Y. / Region|Mobster’s Daughter, Writer, Murder Victim: Woman at Center of Durst Trial







Search

Subscribe Now
Log In
0
Settings




Close search



https://nyti.ms/2ixWfj8








Advertisement








Supported by



N.Y. / Region

Mobster’s Daughter, Writer, Murder Victim: Woman at Center of Durst Trial

By CHARLES V. BAGLIDEC. 26, 2016



Continue reading the main story
Share This Page

Continue reading the main story










Photo






Susan Berman at the Flamingo hotel in Las Vegas in 1996. Her longtime friend, Robert A. Durst, awaits trial in her 2000 killing.

Credit
            Gerardo Somoza/Polaris        



The wire fox terriers had already tracked through her blood when the police arrived at Susan Berman’s bungalow in Los Angeles on Christmas Eve 16 years ago to find her dead, shot in the back of the head, execution-style.Her friends would tell investigators that Ms. Berman, a down-on-her-luck screenwriter and journalist, would never have let her three dogs run free, for fear they would be hit by a car speeding down narrow Benedict Canyon. Nor would she have opened the door to a stranger, but the police found the back door open and the front unlocked.Suspicion passed from her landlady, with whom she had been feuding, to her manager and even to geriatric gangsters from Las Vegas who might have known her mobster father back in the days of Bugsy Siegel.But eventually investigators focused on a wealthy man from a powerful New York real estate family whom she had met in college during the 1960s and for the rest of her life regarded as a brother and a kindred spirit. Robert A. Durst.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

She spoke adoringly of “Bobby” and set up some girlfriends on blind dates with Mr. Durst, but to a few, she shared dark misgivings. Continue reading the main story







Advertisement

Continue reading the main story





After all these years, Mr. Durst now sits in Los Angeles County Jail awaiting trial for her murder. Prosecutors say Mr. Durst killed Ms. Berman to prevent her from revealing any of his secrets surrounding the 1982 disappearance of his first wife, a case that had been reopened just before Ms. Berman’s death in 2000.Mr. Durst and his lawyers insist that he did not kill Ms. Berman and does not know who did. He has pleaded not guilty.While Mr. Durst’s story has become familiar over time, Ms. Berman, who was 55 when she died, remains a largely unknown figure. Her friends describe her as a smart, funny and skilled storyteller, who neither smoked nor drank. She enjoyed being the center of attention but was racked by depression and severe fears of heights and bridge crossings.“She was an ambitious, very talented, intelligent but extremely damaged person,” said Julie Smith, a mystery writer based in New Orleans and the executor of Ms. Berman’s meager estate. “She had a fascinating background. You never knew what she would say or do.”All the while, Ms. Berman talked at the pace of an Olympic speedskater. Her trademark look — thick dark hair down to her shoulders and bangs across her forehead that often obscured her eyes — never varied.On good days, she could sit in front of her computer and write for eight or 10 hours at a clip, but on other days, she could not bear getting out of bed.Her writing — whether it was a 1975 article for City magazine titled “In San Francisco, City of Sin, Why Can’t I Get Laid?” or her 1981 memoir, “Easy Street,” of growing up the daughter of a Jewish mobster in Las Vegas — brought her some measure of fame. But she spent her final years in poverty, desperate to revive her screenwriting career and fending off eviction from her Benedict Canyon home.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

“I see now that Susan’s best stories were always those about Susan,” said Carol Pogash, a reporter who worked with Ms. Berman at The San Francisco Examiner in the 1970s. “Her life was the best drama she ever told.”When Mr. Durst first came under suspicion, many of her friends could not believe it. They repeated, like a mantra, “Suzie loved Bobby; Bobby loved Suzie.”Whatever secrets Ms. Berman knew about Mr. Durst, she had a fierce, mob-infused sense of loyalty to her friends and to Mr. Durst in particular.“She felt very close to him,” Ms. Smith said. “There have been times I thought all kinds of things about Bob. But I never thought she would’ve ratted him out for any reason.”Ms. Berman grew up in the 1950s in Las Vegas, where her father, David Berman, treated her like a princess. Elvis and Liberace sang at her birthday parties. She was blissfully unaware until much later of her father’s ties to the mob at the Flamingo and Riviera hotels.Her father died in 1957 on an operating table when she was 12. Her mother, Gladys, was institutionalized and a year later killed herself.Ms. Berman met Mr. Durst in the 1960s while attending the University of California, Los Angeles, where he was a graduate student. There was an instant and powerful bond, friends say. He was the son of a powerful New York developer, and his mother, he told her, had also died by suicide, although members of the Durst family say it was an accident.Mr. Durst described Ms. Berman as his best friend for much of his life during a 2015 interrogation by John Lewin, a deputy district attorney in Los Angeles who is leading the prosecution of Mr. Durst.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

After attending journalism school at the University of California, Berkeley, Ms. Berman worked for The Examiner, mostly for the style section. But she had higher aspirations. In 1977, she moved to New York, where her articles appeared frequently in New York magazine.It was a heady time, with Ms. Berman, Mr. Durst and their friends frequently making the rounds at glamorous nightclubs like Xenon or Studio 54, where Mr. Durst, back in New York and working for his father, knew one of the owners, Steve Rubell.To celebrate the publication of her memoir, Ms. Berman held a spectacular party on Nov. 11, 1981, at Sammy’s Roumanian Steakhouse, a Lower East Side institution known for its frozen vodka and cholesterol-drenched Jewish cooking. She wore a custom-designed dress and lined the walls with oversize photos of her father and mother.“She was jubilant,” recalled Stephen M. Silverman, a friend and then neighbor of Ms. Berman’s.Less than three months later, in February 1982, Ms. Berman was at Mr. Durst’s side after he reported to the police that his first wife, Kathleen Durst, was missing. Kathie, as she was known, was only months away from graduating from medical school.Ms. Durst had wanted a divorce. The couple’s marriage had descended into a hell of “fighting, slapping, pushing,” as Mr. Durst told the producers of “The Jinx: The Life and Deaths of Robert Durst,” a six-part HBO documentary broadcast in 2015.
Photo






Mr. Durst during a court hearing last week in Los Angeles. He and his lawyers say he did not kill Ms. Berman and does not know who did.

Credit
            Pool photo by Jae C. Hong        


Mr. Durst told the police at the time that he had put Kathie on a train in Westchester County, where the couple owned a cottage, bound for their Manhattan apartment because she had class the next day.With the case generating tabloid headlines, Ms. Berman managed his contacts with reporters and fended off bothersome inquiries.Ms. Berman had told many of her friends that she was distressed about what “poor Bobby” was going through. “She couldn’t believe that her friend from U.C.L.A. was capable of killing anybody,” said Hillary Johnson, a friend of Ms. Berman’s.
Newsletter Sign Up
Continue reading the main story

  


Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box.
Invalid email address. Please re-enter.
You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.



Sign Up







You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.





Thank you for subscribing.
An error has occurred. Please try again later.
You are already subscribed to this email.
View all New York Times newsletters.


See Sample
Manage Email Preferences
Not you?
Privacy Policy
Opt out or contact us anytime




But there were hints that something else might be going on.“In those days, she’d talk about her friend Bob and how his wife had disappeared and I must never write about it,” said Ms. Smith, the mystery writer. “I always took that as a warning.”

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

The day after Ms. Durst disappeared, someone identifying herself as Kathie Durst called Albert Kuperman, the dean of the Albert Einstein College of Medicine, to say she was not feeling well and would not be able to attend class.Investigators in New York and California have long suspected that the call was made not by Ms. Durst but by Ms. Berman. The circumstances of that call are of keen interest to the prosecutor in the Berman murder case.During his 2015 interrogation of Mr. Durst, Mr. Lewin, the prosecutor, noted the oddity of the call’s going to Mr. Kuperman, who barely knew Ms. Durst, instead of to her supervisor at the pediatric clinic where she was working.“You didn’t have the name of the doctor and the place she was going to be doing it,” Mr. Lewin asked. “Right.”Mr. Durst did not respond.Miriam Barnes, a friend of Ms. Berman’s who lived next door on Beekman Place in Manhattan, has her own vivid memory of Ms. Berman at the time Ms. Durst vanished. Unlike many of Ms. Berman’s other friends, she has not been interviewed by investigators from New York or Los Angeles.One afternoon — she cannot recall the exact date after nearly 35 years — Ms. Berman returned to her apartment building after work and immediately sought her out, Ms. Barnes said.Ms. Berman was both “very nervous and sad.” They sat face to face in chairs in the hallway of Ms. Berman’s apartment as Ms. Berman leaned forward.“She said, ‘Bobby asked me to do something, and I did it,’” Ms. Barnes said. “‘If anything happens to me, just remember, Bobby did it.’”

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

Ms. Berman never explained her cryptic comment, Ms. Barnes said, but it stuck with her nonetheless.In any event, a few years after Ms. Durst vanished, Ms. Berman returned to Los Angeles to focus on screenwriting.In 1984, Ms. Berman married a man named Mister Margulies, whom she had met in line at the Writers Guild while they each registered a screenplay. The wedding was a lavish production at the Hotel Bel-Air, an old Hollywood hotel that had once housed Jimmy Stewart, Lauren Bacall and Audrey Hepburn.Mr. Durst walked her down the aisle. The film producer Robert Evans offered a toast: “I don’t know Mister, but I can tell him Susan is the most seductive woman I ever met.”The marriage did not work out, and Mr. Margulies was soon dead of a drug overdose.Ms. Berman worked relentlessly on a series of book and film projects, but by the late 1990s she was in desperate financial shape, unable to pay rent or even the mechanic who had fixed her Isuzu. She scrambled to reach Mr. Durst to ask for money, as she had in the past. He eventually sent her two checks, for $25,000 each.In a note to “Dearest Bobby” dated Nov. 5, 2000, Ms. Berman seemed to fear that the gift had ruptured their friendship: “I don’t want my last request to be the last time we communicate — our friendship means so much to me, Bobby. I hope you forgive me for not keeping pace with your more successful life.”At about the same time, Mr. Durst learned that he was the focus of a new investigation into the disappearance of Ms. Durst by Jeanine Pirro, the district attorney of Westchester County.A panicky Mr. Durst fled New York, renting apartments in Galveston, Tex., and New Orleans while posing as a mute woman.In “The Jinx,” Mr. Durst described how Ms. Berman had told him that the police wanted to talk to her. Mr. Durst repeated that claim during his 2015 interrogation by Mr. Lewin.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

“Susan told me that she had been contacted by Los Angeles and New York detectives,” Mr. Durst said, according to a transcript. “And, uhm, they want to come talk to me.”But then Mr. Lewin shocked him. “I’m going to tell you something,” Mr. Lewin said. “That was not true. They had not contacted her.”Mr. Lewin added: “I think that Susan was trying to subtly squeeze you for money. Uhm, by the way, for, for what’s it’s worth, Bob, ’cause I know you care about her, I don’t think Susan ever would have said anything.”According to court records in the case, Mr. Durst flew to California on Dec. 19, 2000, from New York.Three days later, Ms. Berman drove to dinner at the Broadway Deli in Santa Monica and a movie with Richard B. Markey, a comedy producer and writer who was the last person known to have seen her alive. Ms. Berman dropped off Mr. Markey at his house at 10:30 p.m. on Dec. 22, 2000, and drove home.Hours later, Ms. Berman was dead.
Continue reading the main story






We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.







Related Coverage






Police Puzzled by Killing of a Daughter of the Las Vegas Mob









A Woman’s Disappearance Is Still Baffling After 19 Years













The Durst Dynasty’s Rise, a Scion’s Descent
DEC. 11, 2015













Robert Durst Pleads Not Guilty to 2000 Murder in Los Angeles
NOV. 7, 2016
























Related Coverage







Police Puzzled by Killing of a Daughter of the Las Vegas Mob









A Woman’s Disappearance Is Still Baffling After 19 Years









The Durst Dynasty’s Rise, a Scion’s Descent
DEC. 11, 2015













Robert Durst Pleads Not Guilty to 2000 Murder in Los Angeles
NOV. 7, 2016















What's Next


Loading...









Go to Home Page »

Site Index

The New York Times

































Robert A. Berman - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Robert A. Berman
Former Vice President of Store Operations at Hastings Entertainment Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Robert A. Berman? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Robert A. Berman's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Robert A. Berman's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Robert A. Berman's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Robert A. Berman through your network of contacts.
												








Robert A. Berman's Executive Work History


Past
To view Robert A. Berman's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
67

 


Robert A. Berman's Biography




			Robert A. Berman , age 54, has served as Vice President of Store Operations of the Company since January 1997. From June 1995 to January 1997, Mr.
Berman was self-employed in the financial services industry. From January 1989 to June 1995, Mr. Berman served as Vice President and Senior Vice
President of Store Operations for Builders Square, Inc., a chain of building material superstores. At Builders Square, Inc., Mr. Berman was
responsible for store operations, store planning and design, purchasing and construction.
		
Source: Hastings Entertainment Inc. on 04/16/2004
		
	

 
 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Robert A. Berman's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Robert A. Berman. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Robert A. Berman's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Robert A. Berman's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Robert A. Berman through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Robert A. Berman


















Robert A. Berman's Connections (11)





Sign up now to view Robert A. Berman's 11 connections »









Daryl L. Lansdale
Former Board Member, Hastings Entertainment Inc.









Alan Van Ongevalle
Former President and Chief Operating Officer, Hastings Entertainment Inc.









James S. Hicks
Former Vice President of Product, Hastings Entertainment Inc.









Ann S. Lieff
Former Board Member, Hastings Entertainment Inc.









John H. Marmaduke
Former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, Hastings Entertainment Inc.









Kevin Ball
Former Vice President, Marketing, Hastings Entertainment Inc.









Dan Crow
Former Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer, Hastings Entertainment Inc.









Gaines L. Godfrey
Former Board Member, Hastings Entertainment Inc.









Jeffrey G. Shrader
Former Board Member, Hastings Entertainment Inc.









Frank O. Marrs
Former Board Member, Hastings Entertainment Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993






















Amazon.com: Warner Home Video: Movies & TV: All Titles, Drama, Comedy, Action & Adventure, Kids & Family & More













 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Warner Home Video



Warner Home Video
All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Movies & TV New Releases Best Sellers Deals Blu-ray TV Shows Kids & Family Anime All Genres Amazon Video Prime Video Your Video Library Trade-In





















































































            Shop by category
        




        
            





.












HBO






        
            





.












All Titles






        
            





.












Comedy






        
            





.












Kids & Family






        
            





.












Warner Archive






        
            





.












Action & Adventure










        
            





.












Television






        
            





.












Sci-Fi & Fantasy






        
            





.












Westerns






        
            





.












Horror






        
            





.












Musicals & Performing Arts






        
            





.












Drama


















Best sellers




Previous page







The Kingsroad













	Tim Van Patten, David Benioff...




	
		Amazon Video
	



7,228



$2.99  









The North Remembers













	Alan Taylor, David Benioff...




	
		Amazon Video
	



5,026



$2.99  









Valar Dohaeris













	Daniel Minahan, David Benioff...




	
		Amazon Video
	



4,567



$3.99  









The Wars To Come













	Michael Slovis, David Benioff...




	
		Amazon Video
	



3,678



$2.99  









Two Swords













	D.B. Weiss, David Benioff...




	
		Amazon Video
	



4,425



$3.99  









Part 1: Join or Die













	Tom Hooper, David McCullough...




	
		Amazon Video
	



11,792



$2.99  









Mildred Pierce Part One













	Todd Haynes, Jon Raymond...




	
		Amazon Video
	



3,062



$2.99  









The First Taste













	Scott Winant, Charlaine Harris...




	
		Amazon Video
	



9,675












Carentan













	Mikael Salomon, E. Max Frye...




	
		Amazon Video
	



24,664



$4.99  









The Pacific Part Two













	David Nutter, Bruce C. McKenna...




	
		Amazon Video
	



16,666



$4.99  








Mary and Martha













	Hilary Swank, Brenda Blethyn...




	
		Amazon Video
	



1,828



$9.99  








Taking Chance













	Kevin Bacon, Tom Aldredge...




	
		Amazon Video
	



5,531












The Target













	Clark Johnson, David Simon...




	
		Amazon Video
	



14,102












Boardwalk Empire













	Martin Scorsese, Terence Winter...




	
		Amazon Video
	



11,065



$2.99  









Part 1: Get Some













	Susanna White, David Simon...




	
		Amazon Video
	



3,721



$2.99  









Models and Mortals













	Alison Maclean, Darren Star...




	
		Amazon Video
	



2,792












Take Me Out To the Ballgame













	Allen Coulter, Michael Patrick King...




	
		Amazon Video
	



1,408












46 Long













	Daniel Attias, David Chase...




	
		Amazon Video
	



10,676












The Real Me













	Michael Patrick King, Candace Bushnell...




	
		Amazon Video
	



1,073












Mort













	SJ Clarkson, Frank Spotnitz...




	
		Amazon Video
	



3,392



$2.99  


Next page












1-16 of 17,779 results for Movies & TV : Studio Specials : Warner Home Video



Sort by 
Featured
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Avg. Customer Review
Newest Arrivals




















Game Of Thrones - Season 72017CCAmazon Video0.00Watch with HBO on Amazon Channels.
4 out of 5 stars
178Game of Thrones: Season 62016CCAmazon Video0.00Watch with HBO on Amazon Channels.
$
3
99-$
38
99

Buy episodes or Buy season
4.7 out of 5 stars
3,028Game of Thrones Season 12011CCAmazon Video0.00Watch with HBO on Amazon Channels.
$
3
99-$
38
99

Buy episodes or Buy season
4.5 out of 5 stars
7,228Game of Thrones Season 22012CCAmazon Video0.00Watch with HBO on Amazon Channels.
$
3
99-$
38
99

Buy episodes or Buy season
4.7 out of 5 stars
5,026Game of Thrones Season 32013CCAmazon Video0.00Watch with HBO on Amazon Channels.
$
3
99-$
38
99

Buy episodes or Buy season
4.8 out of 5 stars
4,567Game of Thrones Season 52015CCAmazon Video0.00Watch with HBO on Amazon Channels.
$
3
99-$
38
99

Buy episodes or Buy seasonSee newer version
4.7 out of 5 stars
3,678Game of Thrones Season 42014CCAmazon Video0.00Watch with HBO on Amazon Channels.
$
3
99-$
38
99

Buy episodes or Buy season
4.8 out of 5 stars
4,425John Adams Season 12008CCAmazon Video$0.00Watch with a Prime membership
$
2
99-$
19
99

Buy episodes or Buy season
4.7 out of 5 stars
11,792Mildred Pierce Season 12011CCAmazon Video$0.00Watch with a Prime membership
$
2
99-$
23
99

Buy episodes or Buy season
4 out of 5 stars
3,062Starring:Brian F. O'Byrne, Kate Winslet, et al.True Blood: Season 12008CCAmazon Video$0.00Watch with a Prime membership
$
2
99-$
24
99

Buy episodes or Buy season
4.5 out of 5 stars
9,675Starring:Anna Paquin, Sam Trammell, et al.Band of Brothers Season 12001CCAmazon Video$0.00Watch with a Prime membership
$
4
99-$
39
99

Buy episodes or Buy season
4.9 out of 5 stars
24,664The Pacific Season 12010CCAmazon Video$0.00Watch with a Prime membership
$
4
99-$
39
99

Buy episodes or Buy season
4.7 out of 5 stars
16,665Mary and Martha2013NRCCAmazon Video$0.00Watch with a Prime membership
$
9
99

Buy 
4.5 out of 5 stars
1,828Starring:Hilary Swank, Brenda Blethyn, et al.Directed by:Phillip NoyceRuntime:1 hr 34 minsLast Week Tonight With John Oliver - Season 42017CCAmazon Video0.00Watch with HBO on Amazon Channels.
3.7 out of 5 stars
73Starring:David Kaye, Eric Shorey, David Ebert, et al.Taking Chance2009NRCCAmazon Video$0.00Watch with a Prime membership
$
9
99-$
12
99

Buy 
4.8 out of 5 stars
5,531Starring:Kevin Bacon, Tom Aldredge, et al.Directed by:Ross KatzRuntime:1 hr 17 minsThe Wire Season 12002CCAmazon Video$0.00Watch with a Prime membership
$
2
99-$
29
99

Buy episodes or Buy season
4.5 out of 5 stars
14,102Starring:Idris Elba, Frankie Faison, Sonja Sohn, et al.

 
Previous Page
1
2
3
...
400
 
Next Page
















Search FeedbackDid you find what you were looking for?YesNo
Choose a category that best describes the issue that you are having with the search:Choose a category…I need to talk to customer service.I still haven't found what I'm looking for.How do I filter or sort my search ?Something is broken.A picture or description looks wrong.Could you add a feature ?Could you start carrying a product not listed here ?Choose a category…






Leave us some comments about your search; your comments can help make our site better for everyone.Submit

Get Express customer service or contact us by e-mail or phone.contact us

Thank you for your feedback.
If you need help or have a question for Customer Service, please visit the Help Section.


Show results for
                                Movies & TV
                                Studio SpecialsWarner Home VideoAll TitlesAction & AdventureClassicsComedyDocumentaryDramaHBOHorrorKids & FamilyMusic Video & ConcertsMusicals & Performing ArtsSci-Fi & FantasyTelevisionWarner ArchiveWesternsRefine byFormatAmazon VideoBlu-rayDVDVHSSee moreAmazon PrimeNew ReleasesLast 7 DaysLast 30 DaysLast 90 DaysComing SoonGenreAction & AdventureComedyDocumentaryDramaKids & FamilyMilitary & WarMusic Videos & ConcertsMusicalsMystery & ThrillersRomanceScience FictionSpecial InterestsSee moreActorJohn GoodmanSamuel L. JacksonBrie LarsonJason MitchellToby KebbellTom HiddlestonEmilia ClarkeLena HeadeySee moreDirectorJordan Vogt-RobertsTim Van PattenDaniel MinahanDavid YatesChris ColumbusAlfonso CuaronAlfonso CuarónSee morePackaging OptionFrustration-Free PackagingAvg. Customer Review4 Stars & Up & Up3 Stars & Up & Up2 Stars & Up & Up1 Star & Up & UpInternational ShippingAmazonGlobal EligiblePriceFree$0 to $1$1 to $3$3 to $5$5 to $10$10 to $15$15 to $20Over $20Decade2010 & Newer2000 - 20091990 - 19991980 - 19891970 - 19791960 - 1969Up to 1960AvailabilityInclude Out of Stock






















        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.













There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates

















Amazon.com: All Titles: Movies & TV













 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















All Titles



All Titles
All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Movies & TV New Releases Best Sellers Deals Blu-ray TV Shows Kids & Family Anime All Genres Amazon Video Prime Video Your Video Library Trade-In




















































































Best sellers




Previous page






Game of Thrones - Season 1-6













	Peter Dinklage, Lena Headey...




	
		Blu-ray
	



268



$102.73  









Kong: Skull Island













	Tom Hiddleston, Samuel L. Jackson...




	
		Blu-ray
	



444



$44.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $30.21  









Batman: Mask of the Phantasm [Blu-ray]













	Kevin Conroy; Dana Delany; Hart Bochner, Bruce Timm; Eric Radomski




	
		Blu-ray
	



505



$21.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $17.99  









Harry Potter: The Complete 8-Film...













	Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint...




	
		Blu-ray
	



7,286



$99.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $43.99  









Lord of the Rings: Theatrical Trilogy













	Elijah Wood, Ian McKellen...




	
		Blu-ray
	



10,185



$24.98 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $12.87  









Wonder Woman













	Gal Gadot, Chris Pine...




	
		Blu-ray
	



200



$44.95  









Game of Thrones - Season 1-5













	Sean Bean, Lena Headey...




	
		Blu-ray
	



169



$57.99  









Westworld: The Complete First Season













	Anthony Hopkins, Jonathan Nolan




	
		Blu-ray
	

$64.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $55.56  









Westworld: The Complete First Season













	Evan Rachel Wood, Jonathan Nolan




	
		Blu-ray
	



1



$54.97 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $42.38  









Crazy, Stupid, Love













	Steve Carell, Ryan Gosling...




	
		Amazon Video
	



1,577



$9.99  








The Big Bang Theory - Season 1-9













	Johnny Galecki, Jim Parsons...




	
		Blu-ray
	



213



$48.99  










The Hobbit Trilogy - Extended Edition













	Sir Ian McKellen, Martin Freeman...




	
		Blu-ray
	



93



$40.05  









Night Moves [Blu-ray]













	Gene Hackman, Susan Clark...




	
		Blu-ray
	



159



$21.99  









The 100: The Complete Fourth Season













	Eliza Taylor; Paige Turco; Bob Morley; Marie Avgeropoulos; Devon Bostick; Christopher Larkin; Lindsey Morgan; Ricky Whittle; Richard Harmon; Zach McGowan; Isaiah Washington; Henry Ian Cusick




	
		Blu-ray
	



150



$39.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $34.99  









The Notebook













	Ryan Gosling, Rachel McAdams...




	
		Amazon Video
	



3,755



$2.99  








Game of Thrones - Season 1-5













	Lena Headey, Iain Glen...




	
		Blu-ray
	



233



$58.99  









Police Academy 1-7: The Complete...













	Steve Guttenberg, Kim Cattrall...




	
		Blu-ray
	



136



$34.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $21.99  










Scooby-Doo, Where Are You!: Complete...













	Various




	
		DVD
	



723



$89.97 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $51.71  









Mad Max: Fury Road













	Tom Hardy, Charlize Theron...




	
		Blu-ray
	



7,954



$44.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $31.64  









It Takes Two













	Kirstie Alley, Steve Guttenberg...




	
		DVD
	



337



$15.75  



Next page












1-16 of 14,968 results for Movies & TV : Studio Specials : Warner Home Video : All Titles



Sort by 
Featured
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Avg. Customer Review
Newest Arrivals




















Game of Thrones - Season 1-62016RBlu-ray
$
102
73

PrimeGet it by Friday, Jul 28FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$102.73(14 used &amp new offers)See All Formats
4.4 out of 5 stars
268Trade in this item for an Amazon.com Gift CardStarring:Peter Dinklage, Lena Headey, et al.Runtime:53 hrs 12 minsKong: Skull Island1917PG-133D3D Blu-ray + Blu-ray + Digital  Combo Pack
$
30
21

$44.95PrimeGet it by Friday, Jul 28FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$30.21(10 used &amp new offers)Blu-rayBD
$
24
77

$35.99PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 6 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$13.77(28 used &amp new offers)DVD$29.99(4 used &amp new offers)Other Formats:4KSee All Formats
3.9 out of 5 stars
441Trade in this item for an Amazon.com Gift CardStarring:Tom Hiddleston, Samuel L. Jackson, et al.Directed by:Jordan Vogt-RobertsRuntime:1 hr 58 minsBatman: Mask of the Phantasm1993PGBlu-ray
$
17
99

$21.99PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 27FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$17.67(6 used &amp new offers)DVD$2.99(32 used &amp new offers)See All Formats
4.7 out of 5 stars
502Starring:Kevin Conroy; Dana Delany; Hart BochnerDirected by:Bruce Timm; Eric RadomskiRuntime:1 hr 16 minsBest Sellerin Fantasy Blu-ray DiscsHarry Potter: The Complete 8-Film Collection2016PG-13Blu-ray
$
43
99

PrimeGet it by Friday, Jul 28FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$31.99(21 used &amp new offers)DVD
$
41
17

$78.92PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersTemporarily out of stock. Order now and we'll deliver when available.More Buying Choices$35.78(11 used &amp new offers)Multi-FormatBlu-ray + DVD
$
150
17

$249.99PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$78.78(29 used &amp new offers)Other Formats:Blu-raySee All Formats
4.5 out of 5 stars
7,285Trade in this item for an Amazon.com Gift CardStarring:Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, et al.Directed by:Chris Columbus, Alfonso Cuarón, et al.Runtime:19 hrs 40 minsLord of the Rings: Theatrical Trilogy2012PG-13Blu-rayBD
$
12
87

$24.98PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 27FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$10.00(34 used &amp new offers)DVDTheatrical Version
$
8
90

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$7.99(35 used &amp new offers)See All Formats
4.6 out of 5 stars
10,185Trade in this item for an Amazon.com Gift CardStarring:Elijah Wood, Ian McKellen, et al.Directed by:Peter JacksonRuntime:6 hrs 38 minsWonder Woman20173D3D Blu-ray + Blu-ray + Digital Combo Pack
$
44
95

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersAvailable for Pre-order. This item will be released on September 19, 2017.More Buying Choices$42.67(2 used &amp new offers)Blu-rayBlu-ray + DVD + Digital HD UltraViolet Combo Pack - BD
$
24
99

$35.99PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersAvailable for Pre-order4K4K Ultra HD + Blu-ray
$
29
96

$44.95PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersAvailable for Pre-orderSee All Formats
4.2 out of 5 stars
199See DetailsPre-order Price Guarantee. See DetailsTrade in this item for an Amazon.com Gift CardStarring:Gal Gadot, Chris Pine, Robin Wright, et al.Directed by:Patty JenkinsRuntime:2 hrs 21 minsGame of Thrones - Season 1-52015RBlu-raySlimline Packaging - Region Free
$
57
99

PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 27FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$52.50(11 used &amp new offers)See All Formats
4.2 out of 5 stars
169Trade in this item for an Amazon.com Gift CardStarring:Sean Bean, Lena Headey, Kit Harington, et al.Runtime:46 hrs 2 minsWestworld: The Complete First Season20174K4K
$
55
56

$64.99PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersAvailable for Pre-order. This item will be released on November 7, 2017.See DetailsPre-order Price Guarantee. See DetailsStarring:Anthony HopkinsDirected by:Jonathan NolanRuntime:11 hrs 15 minsWestworld: The Complete First Season1916Blu-ray
$
42
38

$54.97PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersAvailable for Pre-order. This item will be released on November 7, 2017.DVD
$
38
52

$49.99PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersAvailable for Pre-order. This item will be released on November 7, 2017.See All Formats
5 out of 5 stars
1See DetailsPre-order Price Guarantee. See DetailsStarring:Evan Rachel WoodDirected by:Jonathan NolanRuntime:11 hrs 15 minsCrazy, Stupid, Love2011PG-13CCAmazon Video
$
3
99-$
12
99

Rent or Buy 
4.4 out of 5 stars
1,575Starring:Steve Carell, Ryan Gosling, et al.Directed by:Glenn Ficarra, John Requa, et al.Runtime:1 hr 58 minsThe Big Bang Theory - Season 1-9PG-13Blu-rayRegion Free - UK Import
$
48
99

PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 27FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$35.99(21 used &amp new offers)DVD28 Dvd - Edizione: Regno Unito - Import anglais$57.49(3 used &amp new offers)See All Formats
4.6 out of 5 stars
212Trade in this item for an Amazon.com Gift CardStarring:Johnny Galecki, Jim Parsons, et al.Runtime:66 hrs 34 minsThe Hobbit Trilogy - Extended Edition2015UnratedBlu-ray
$
40
05

PrimeGet it by Friday, Jul 28FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$36.08(24 used &amp new offers)DVD+ 1 CD Audio - + 1 CD Audio$41.89(4 used &amp new offers)See All Formats
4.1 out of 5 stars
93Trade in this item for an Amazon.com Gift CardStarring:Sir Ian McKellen, Martin Freeman, et al.Directed by:Peter JacksonRuntime:8 hrs 52 minsNight Moves2017Blu-ray
$
21
99

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersAvailable for Pre-order. This item will be released on August 15, 2017.DVD
$
9
99

$14.97PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 19 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$4.88(39 used &amp new offers)See All Formats
4.2 out of 5 stars
159See DetailsPre-order Price Guarantee. See DetailsStarring:Gene Hackman, Susan Clark, et al.Directed by:Arthur PennRuntime:1 hr 40 minsThe 100: The Complete Fourth Season2017Blu-ray
$
34
99

$39.99PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 27FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$30.49(8 used &amp new offers)DVD
$
17
18

$24.98PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersTemporarily out of stock. Order now and we'll deliver when available.More Buying Choices$15.13(16 used &amp new offers)See All Formats
4.5 out of 5 stars
150Trade in this item for an Amazon.com Gift CardStarring:Eliza Taylor; Paige Turco; Bob Morley; Marie Avgeropoulos; Devon Bostick; Christopher Larkin; Lindsey Morgan; Ricky Whittle; Richard Harmon; Zach McGowan; Isaiah Washington; Henry Ian CusickRuntime:9 hrs 8 minsThe Notebook2004PG-13CCAmazon Video
$
3
99-$
13
99

Rent or Buy 
4.7 out of 5 stars
3,755Starring:Ryan Gosling, Rachel McAdams, et al.Directed by:Nick CassavetesRuntime:2 hrs 3 minsGame of Thrones - Season 1-52016UnratedBlu-rayRegion Free - UK Import
$
58
99

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 19 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$58.99(19 used &amp new offers)DVDComplete Seasons 1-5 -  Game of Thrones - Seasons One to Five  -  NON-USA FORMAT, PAL, Reg.2 Import - United Kingdom $118.98(5 used &amp new offers)See All FormatsSee newer version
4.5 out of 5 stars
233Trade in this item for an Amazon.com Gift CardStarring:Charles Dance, Stephen Dillane, et al.Directed by:Alan Taylor, David Nutter, et al.Runtime:46 hrs 2 minsSponsored




These are ads for products you'll find on Amazon.com. Clicking an ad will take you to the product's page.Learn more about Sponsored Products.See a problem with these advertisements?Leave ad feedbackThe Lego Movie [Blu-ray 3D + Blu-ray]Unratedby Phil Lord  and Christopher MillerBlu-ray
$
17
98

PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 27FREE Shipping on eligible ordersBlu-ray
$
13
00

$24.98PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$2.53(85 used &amp new offers)Other Formats:DVD, 3D, 4K
4.5 out of 5 stars
5,695Directed by:Phil Lord , Christopher Miller, et al.Runtime:1 hr 41 minsSponsored




These are ads for products you'll find on Amazon.com. Clicking an ad will take you to the product's page.Learn more about Sponsored Products.See a problem with these advertisements?Leave ad feedbackLego Movie [Blu-ray]by Warner ManufacturingBlu-ray
$
13
29

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 5 left in stock - order soon.Blu-ray
$
13
00

$24.98PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$2.53(85 used &amp new offers)Other Formats:DVD, 3D, 4K
4.5 out of 5 stars
5,695

 
Previous Page
1
2
3
...
400
 
Next Page
















Search FeedbackDid you find what you were looking for?YesNo
Choose a category that best describes the issue that you are having with the search:Choose a category…I need to talk to customer service.I still haven't found what I'm looking for.How do I filter or sort my search ?Something is broken.A picture or description looks wrong.Could you add a feature ?Could you start carrying a product not listed here ?Choose a category…






Leave us some comments about your search; your comments can help make our site better for everyone.Submit

Get Express customer service or contact us by e-mail or phone.contact us

Thank you for your feedback.
If you need help or have a question for Customer Service, please visit the Help Section.


Show results for
                                Movies & TV
                                Studio Specials
                                Warner Home VideoAll TitlesRefine byFormatBlu-rayDVDVHSLaser DiscSee moreAmazon PrimeNew ReleasesLast 7 DaysLast 30 DaysLast 90 DaysComing SoonGenreAction & AdventureComedyDocumentaryDramaKids & FamilyMusic Videos & ConcertsMusicalsMystery & ThrillersRomanceScience FictionSpecial InterestsWesternsSee moreActorJohn GoodmanSamuel L. JacksonBrie LarsonJason MitchellToby KebbellTom HiddlestonEmilia ClarkeLena HeadeySee moreDirectorJordan Vogt-RobertsDavid YatesChris ColumbusMike NewellAlfonso CuaronAlfonso CuarónPeter JacksonSee morePackaging OptionFrustration-Free PackagingAvg. Customer Review4 Stars & Up & Up3 Stars & Up & Up2 Stars & Up & Up1 Star & Up & UpInternational ShippingAmazonGlobal EligiblePrice$0 to $1$1 to $3$3 to $5$5 to $10$10 to $15$15 to $20Over $20Decade2010 & Newer2000 - 20091990 - 19991980 - 19891970 - 19791960 - 1969Up to 1960AvailabilityInclude Out of Stock






















        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.













There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates








