

Bessemer Public New > Home







Bessemer : Home



















































































Client Site






















The experience to meet your family’s complex needs.





















We help you develop an integrated long-term wealth plan that considers multiple aspects of your life.

Developing an Investment Plan
Contemplating your financial future can be daunting — especially if you're thinking about the next 20 years or longer. What do you want to accomplish? Will all your needs be met? Read more
Defining Your Legacy
Ironically, the more wealth one accumulates, the more complicated life can become. Thoughtful planning can help ensure your wealth is a source of satisfaction and opportunity — for you and your family. Read more
Preparing the Next Generation
Raising children with the skills, knowledge, and motivation to be financially independent is a complex task for any parent, but wealthy families face a unique set of challenges. Read more
Engaging in Philanthropy
Charitable giving can be a source of immense personal satisfaction. The possibilities for doing good are limitless, yet it can be difficult to know where to begin or how to make the most of your charitable gifts. Read more
Managing a Family Business
There is an array of strategic alternatives, financing options, and liquidity events available to family business owners. How can you make the best decisions? What are the implications for the family legacy? Read more
Uncovering Tax-Planning Opportunities
Missed tax-saving opportunities can be costly. The challenge of minimizing taxes rests on deciphering the intricate tax code and developing appropriate strategies. Read more
Owning Property
Buying property is often a fulfillment of a dream — as well as an investment opportunity. There are challenges to doing it successfully, including when and how to enter and exit the market. Read more
Structuring and Protecting Assets
Naming the potential risks to your family and property can be uncomfortable. But not taking the steps necessary to minimize your exposure can prove more onerous in the end. Read more
Analyzing Concentrated Holdings
Large single-stock positions can be a powerful means of creating wealth, but without a proper strategy, they can also be a very risky way to maintain it. Read more
Accessing Hedge Funds & Private Equity
These challenging times call for caution, patience, and clear thinking. While not appropriate for all investors,  professionally-managed hedge funds and private equity programs can be an important part of an overall balanced portfolio. Read more



















2016 Annual Report: Working Together 
April 2017











Inflation Checkpoint | Investment Insights 
                July 17, 2017




Lessons from the Peak | Webcast  July 20, 2017





Lessons from the Peak | Quarterly Investment Perspective 
                July 5, 2017











Bitcoin and Blockchain Technology | Investment Insights 
                June 20, 2017




Latin America in Focus as Brazil Stumbles, Venezuela Simmers, and Mexico Rebounds | Investment Insights 
                June 5, 2017




Escalating Tensions with North Korea | Investment Insights 
                April 20, 2017

























VIEW ALL INSIGHTS















Important Notices | Terms of Use     Member FDIC






Bessemer Public New > Contact Us







Bessemer : Home



















































































Client Site



























UNITED STATES
Headquarters

New York, NY
Our Offices

Atlanta, GA 
Boston, MA 
Chicago, IL 
Dallas, TX
Denver, CO
Greenwich, CT
Grand Cayman,Cayman Islands
Houston, TX
London, England
Los Angeles, CA
Miami, FL
Naples, FL
Palm Beach, FL
San Francisco, CA
Seattle, WA
Washington, DC
Wilmington, DE
Woodbridge, NJ




We welcome the opportunity to share with you more information about Bessemer Trust and about how we can help you gain the maximum benefit from your wealth. In addition to our New York headquarters, we have professional teams in regional offices that allow us to deliver highly personalized services. Please contact us in the office nearest you.  Bessemer Venture Partners is a private venture capital firm that carries on one of the longest-standing venture capital activities in the country. Learn more.For all media inquiries please call (646) 791-9484.

New York, NY
Address630 Fifth AvenueNew York, NY 10111 | Map 



Telephone 
Fax 

212-708-9100 
212-265-5826 

Kevin J. Rochfordrochford@bessemer.com
Ilka Gregorygregory@bessemer.com
Kenneth C. Handyhandy@bessemer.com
S. Alexander Haverstickhaverstick@bessemer.com 
Scott M.  Lillislillis@bessemer.com 
Teresa Principeprincipe@bessemer.com 
Murray C. Stoltzstoltz@bessemer.com 


Atlanta, GA
Address3455 Peachtree Road, N.E.Suite 850 Atlanta, GA 30326 | Map 



Telephone 
Fax 

404-965-9300 
404-264-1358 

Michael A. Marquezmarquez@bessemer.com 
Katherine F. McMastermcmaster@bessemer.com 
Michael A. Gragnanigragnani@bessemer.com 
Joshua B. Rosenbergrosenberg@bessemer.com 


Boston, MA
AddressTwo International Place, 22nd FloorBoston, MA 02110-4104 | Map 



Telephone 
Fax 

617-279-4080 
617-279-4090 

Timothy S. McBridemcbridet@bessemer.com


Chicago, IL
Address70 West Madison StreetSuite 4900Chicago, IL 60602 | Map 



Telephone 
Fax 

312-220-9898 
312-220-0740 

W. David Buncebunce@bessemer.com 
Michael S. Okunokun@bessemer.com 


Dallas, TX
Address300 Crescent CourtSuite 800Dallas, TX 75201 | Map 



Telephone 
Fax 

214-981-9400 
214-981-9410 

W. David Buncebunce@bessemer.com 
W. Preston Stahl, Jr.stahl@bessemer.com 
Scott M. Dekedeke@bessemer.com 


Denver, CO
Address3200 Cherry Creek South DriveSuite 600Denver, CO 80209 | Map 



Telephone 
Fax 

303-586-8800
303-265-9035

W. David Buncebunce@bessemer.com 
Stephen P. Emmaemma@bessemer.com 
Michael S. Corbettcorbett@bessemer.com 


Grand Cayman
AddressEdward StreetPO Box 694Grand Cayman, Cayman IslandsKY1-1107



Telephone 
Fax 

345-949-6674 
345-945-2722 

Jackie E. Stirlingstirling@bessemer.com 


Greenwich, CT
Address600 Steamboat RoadGreenwich, CT 06830 | Map 



Telephone 
Fax 

203-489-1100 
203-618-1030  

Stephen M. Watsonwatson@bessemer.com 
John D. Knoxknox@bessemer.com 


Houston, TX
109 North Post Oak Lane, Suite 205Houston, TX 77024 | Map




Telephone 
Fax 

713-803-2850
TBD 

W. David Buncebunce@bessemer.com 
James L. Chandler, Jr.chandler@bessemer.com 
David F. Hillshills@bessemer.com 


Los Angeles, CA
Address10250 Constellation BoulevardSuite 2600Los Angeles, CA 90067 | Map 



Telephone 
Fax 

213-892-0900 
213-892-0510 

 Jeff J. GlowackiGlowacki@bessemer.com 
 Ronald L. Ferrariferrari@bessemer.com 
 Taylor Heiningerheininger@bessemer.com  


London, England
Address9 South StreetLondon W1K 2XAUnited Kingdom | Map 



Telephone 
Fax 

44-207-290-9300 
44-207-290-9301 

Christopher Judgejudge@bessemer.com 


Miami, FL
Address801 Brickell AvenueSuite 2250Miami, FL 33131 | Map 



Telephone 
Fax 

305-372-5005 
305-375-0694 

Michael A. Marquezmarquez@bessemer.com 
Arturo G. Pedroso pedroso@bessemer.com 


Naples, FL
Address3777 Tamiami Trail NorthSuite 200Naples, FL 34103 | Map 



Telephone 
Fax 

239-435-0034 
239-435-0818 

W. David Buncebunce@bessemer.com 
Mark J. Warnkenwarnken@bessemer.com 


Palm Beach, FL
Address222 Royal Palm WayPalm Beach, FL 33480 | Map 



Telephone 
Fax 

561-655-4030 
561-655-4699 

Michael A. Marquezmarquez@bessemer.com 
Kevin P. Bourkebourke@bessemer.com 


San Francisco, CA
Address101 California StreetSuite 2500San Francisco, CA 94111 | Map 



Telephone 
Fax 

415-291-1810 
415-291-1807 

 Jeff J. GlowackiGlowacki@bessemer.com 
David D. Woodworthwoodworth@bessemer.com 
Benjamin Sloansloan@bessemer.com 


Seattle, WA
AddressTwo Union Square601 Union Street, Suite 4500Seattle, WA  98101 | Map




Telephone 
Fax 

206-922-6301
206-770-6568

 Jeff J. GlowackiGlowacki@bessemer.com 
Stephen J. Kutzkutz@bessemer.com 


Washington, D.C.
Address900 Seventeenth Street, NWSuite 1000Washington, D.C. 20006 | Map 



Telephone 
Fax 

202-659-3330 
202-659-4059 

Patrick S. Boyleboylep@bessemer.com 
Christopher W. Pintauropintauro@bessemer.com


Wilmington, DE
Address1007 North Orange StreetSuite 1450Wilmington, DE 19801 | Map 



Telephone 
Fax 

302-230-2675 
302-984-9526 

George W. Kernkern@bessemer.com 


Woodbridge, NJ
Address100 Woodbridge Center DriveWoodbridge, NJ 07095-1191 | Map 



Telephone 
Fax 

732-694-5502 
917-206-4495 

For client inquiries, please contact: S. Alexander Haverstick  haverstick@bessemer.com212-708-9386


For general inquiries, please contact: inquiries@bessemer.com or call 732-694-5502.


















Important Notices | Terms of Use     Member FDIC







Bessemer Public New > Careers







Bessemer : Home



















































































Client Site























OUR CULTURE
We are proud of our tradition of setting the standard in wealth management – and we realize we couldn't do it without having the right people in the right places. 













 

Our culture emphasizes:
Excellence. We hold our wealth management services to the highest standards of quality. We value a passion for excellence and regard integrity and honesty as essential personal qualities. Superior achievements are rewarded.
Client service. Every day we strive to deliver superior, highly personalized services. As we continuously look for ways to do our work better, we rely on each of our employees to be forward thinkers and catalysts for positive change.
Collegiality. Our collegial size - we have approximately 900 employees in 19 cities and our singular focus inspire collaboration among our staff. We're convinced teamwork leads to better ideas and better solutions.
Intellectual capital. Our senior professionals share their time and knowledge with team members of all levels and across disciplines. We support further education opportunities and invest in the development of our people.
Long-term partnerships. Providing exciting, long-term career opportunities to our best professionals is one of our strengths. We offer competitive compensation packages and exceptional benefits.
Balance. While we value dedication and hard work, we recognize the importance of maintaining a satisfying life outside of the office. To cultivate and support effective employees, we encourage a balance between work and personal life.
Opportunity. We are committed to recruiting the best people for every position. Having a diverse professional staff fosters our ability to develop innovative solutions for our clients. We endeavor to recruit individuals from a variety of backgrounds.
We are an E-Verify employer. For more information, click on the following links:E-Verify PosterRight to Work Poster




 Careers
Our Culture
Benefits
Agency Recruitment
Recruitment Process
Career Opportunities






















Important Notices | Terms of Use     Member FDIC







Bessemer Public New > Overview







Bessemer : Home



















































































Client Site























OVERVIEW 
A commitment to
excellence in investment
management, wealth
planning, and client service
has been our focus for
more than 100 years and
reflects our overarching
mission: to provide peace
of mind for generations. 













			    
    
        
	
	  
	    









		﻿
Privately owned and independent, Bessemer Trust is a multifamily office
that has served individuals and families of substantial wealth for more than
100 years. Through comprehensive investment management, wealth
planning, and family office services, we help clients achieve peace of mind
for generations.
Consistently recognized as a leading multifamily office, we provide highly
personalized advice and service our clients know they can depend on.
We take the time to understand each of our clients’ objectives in order to
deliver long-term, fully integrated solutions that help them:


Protect their lifestyles through economic cycles
Increase their wealth beyond taxes, inflation, and fees
Manage their day-to-day financial complexities
Transfer their wealth across generations and fulfill
their philanthropic goals





Firm Overview


AT A GLANCE (as of March 31, 2017) 

Multifamily office founded in 1907 
Industry-leading 3-to-1 client-to-employee ratio 
19 offices globally, serving more than 2,400 clients 
Over $100 billion in assets under supervision 
 10-year client asset retention rate of 98%
 Financially stable with a strong balance sheet 






MANAGEMENT
Marc D. Stern
        Chief Executive Officer
George Wilcox
        President
Rebecca H. Patterson
        Chief Investment Officer




HEADQUARTERS
	630 Fifth Avenue
	New York, NY 10111-0333
	(212) 708-9100
	Find regional offices











Important Notices | Terms of Use     Member FDIC









Advisor Site > Home















































































 
 
 
 
 







July 14, 2017FEATUREACTEC 2017 Summer Meeting Musings (Including "Life Cycle of a Charity") 
(July 2017)



Seminars at the ACTEC 2017 Summer Meeting are summarized.  The summary includes information about “the life cycle of a charity” and the impact of religious, cultural and international variables in estate planning....CONTINUELEGACY PLANNING INSIGHTSEstate of Powell v. Commissioner, 148 T.C. No. 18 (May 18, 2017)June 2017

This “reviewed” Tax Court opinion applies §2036(a)(2) to a decedent who owned only limited partnership interests and discusses how §§2036, 2043, and 2033 interact.> READ THE ARTICLEACTEC 2017 Annual Meeting MusingsMay 2017

Various seminars at the ACTEC 2017 Annual Meeting are summarized. Topics include: Current developments, end of life decisions, S corporations and C corporations, charitable bequests of retirement assets, audit best practices, common reporting standard and FATCA, community property in common law states, trusts in divorce, and structuring settlement agreements.> READ THE ARTICLEHeckerling Musings 2017 and Estate Planning Current Developments (through May 2017)May 2017Observations from the 51st Annual Philip E. Heckerling Institute on Estate Planning held in Orlando during the week of January 9, 2017, as well as other current developments, are summarized.> READ THE ARTICLE BESSEMER INSIGHTSLessons from the Peak — Quarterly Investment Perspective (July 5, 2017)July 2017In our latest Quarterly Investment Perspective, "Lessons from the Peak,"  Chief Investment Officer Rebecca Patterson explores the current economic expansion and elongated stock market rally with perspective from the 2008-2009 financial crisis — and the lessons learned that can help us anticipate risks and opportunities as we look ahead.> READ THE ARTICLEBridging the Active-Passive Divide — Quarterly Investment Perspective (April 2017)April 2017In this Quarterly Investment Perspective, "Bridging the Active-Passive Divide," Chief Investment Officer Rebecca Patterson provides timely information about our investment outlook and current strategies.> READ THE ARTICLEThe Sun Also Rises — Quarterly Investment Perspective (January 2017)December 2016Chief Investment Officer Rebecca Patterson and Chief Investment Strategist Holly MacDonald explore our economic and investment outlook in the wake of unexpected political outcomes in the U.K. and U.S. in 2016 — providing detailed views on fixed income and equities for the year ahead, and how we are allocating capital.> READ THE ARTICLEA Tale of Two Tails — Quarterly Investment Perspective (October 2016)October 2016Investing requires a view of the future. Without certainty, the best one can
do is examine potential scenarios and thoughtfully assign probabilities to
different outcomes. Portfolios are then constructed accordingly.




In this edition of our Quarterly Investment Perspective,


 Chief Investment Officer Rebecca Patterson explores a few possible left-tail risks for the year ahead as well as explore the cost and complexity of hedging those risks.> READ THE ARTICLE




Important Notices | Terms of Use | Bessemer Trust
		Copyright © Bessemer Trust Company, N.A. All rights reserved.









 


Area is Locked

















Search



UPCOMING EVENTS


Stay tuned for the next upcoming webcast.
March 6, 2017
Join Steve R. Akers, Senior Fiduciary Counsel, Southwest Region, for his next webcast on the latest Current Developments on Monday, November 13, 2017. Time to be determined.
READ THE ARTICLE




EVENT RECAP

Estate Planning Webcast
November 22, 2016

Watch Steve R. Akers, Senior Fiduciary Counsel, Southwest Region, for a webcast from Tuesday, November 15, 2016.

> WATCH THE WEBCAST












403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.






	Bessemer Trust



















    Home

   
 








Bessemer Trust



Terms of Use



Your Agreement to These Terms of Use
    
    By using this website, you signify that you have carefully read and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions of use (Terms of Use). If you do not agree 
    to these Terms of Use, you are not authorized to, and should not, view or use this website for any purpose. Bessemer Trust may revise these terms or the content of this 
    website at any time by updating this posting, and you agree to be bound by any such revisions. Bessemer Trust may also revoke your right or block your ability to use this 
    website at any time for violations of these Terms of Use or for any other reason.
    

Protecting Login Credentials
    
    If you are accessing this website using login credentials supplied by Bessemer Trust you affirm that you are the individual to whom such credentials were issued. Further, 
    you agree to carefully protect and secure the devices, user names, and passwords necessary to access this website, and Bessemer Trust shall not be responsible for any losses 
    caused by your failure to do so.
    

Limited Use and Purpose
    
    Nothing contained on this website is intended to be or should be construed as legal, tax or investment advice. This website is for informational purposes only and does not 
    constitute a recommendation, an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, futures, options or other financial instruments (Securities), nor shall 
    any such Securities be offered or sold to any person in any jurisdiction whose laws would make such offer, solicitation, purchase, or sale unlawful.
    

Investment Products are Not Federally Insured
    
    Securities (including shares of mutual funds), alternative investments, and other investment products referenced on this website are not bank deposits and are not insured by 
    the FDIC or any other agency of the United States, nor are they obligations of, or insured or guaranteed by, Bessemer Trust or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. Securities 
    (including shares of mutual funds) and other investments involve investment risks, including the possible loss of value. Your eligibility for particular investment options or 
    services is subject to final Bessemer Trust determination and acceptance.
    

Limits on Bessemer Trust's Liability
    
    Use of this website is at your own risk. All information posted on this website is current only as of the date of its posting, and Bessemer Trust undertakes no obligation to 
    update any information to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such posting. While Bessemer Trust seeks to provide accurate and timely information, there may be 
    inadvertent technical or factual inaccuracies and typographical errors, for which we apologize. Further, Bessemer Trust does not check for accuracy or otherwise review information 
    provided to you or to Bessemer Trust by third-parties, including information related to the value of Securities, alternative investments, or other investment products that are held 
    by or were valued by entities other than Bessemer Trust.
    

    Other than with respect to certain communications, notices, and other disclosures, including statements, records of transactions, prospectuses, and any other communications that 
    we are required by law to provide to our clients (collectively referred to as "Notices"), this website and the information it contains are provided without warranties of any kind, 
    and Bessemer Trust and its affiliates, directors, officers or employees, and any third party vendor retained by Bessemer Trust, disclaim all warranties and liability, and you agree 
    that they shall not have any responsibility of any kind for any loss or damages, whether direct, special, indirect, consequential, or incidental, that you incur as a result of viewing, 
    using, attempting to view or use, or relying on the information contained in this website, whether or not the circumstances giving rise to such cause may have been within the control 
    of Bessemer Trust or of any vendor providing software or support services for this website.
    

    Other than with respect to Notices, you will and hold harmless Bessemer Trust (and any of its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, employees, agents, distributors, third party content 
    providers, or licensors, including Content Providers, (and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents)) from and against all claims, liability, and expenses, 
    including attorneys' fees and legal fees and costs, arising out of your use of this website or your breach of any provision of these Terms of Use.
    

Restrictions on Use of Materials
    
    Bessemer Trust owns and operates this website. Permission is granted to view, display and navigate this website solely for lawful, personal, 
    and non-commercial use. Any illegal, commercial, or public use of this website or any portion hereof is strictly prohibited.
    

    Except as otherwise permitted by Bessemer Trust, no materials from this website may be copied, transmitted, or distributed in any way. You 
    may download material displayed on this website for lawful, non-commercial, personal use only, provided you also retain all copyright and other 
    proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, repost, or use the content of this website, 
    including any text, images, audio or video, for public or commercial purposes, without Bessemer Trust's prior written permission. Modification 
    or use of the materials for any other purpose violates Bessemer Trust's intellectual property rights, and Bessemer Trust neither warrants nor 
    represents that your use of materials displayed on this website will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with 
    Bessemer Trust.
    

Trademarks and Copyrights
    
    All trademarks, service marks, trade names, and logos displayed on this website are proprietary to Bessemer Trust, except as explicitly noted 
    below under Ownership of Other Materials. Nothing contained on the website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or 
    otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark displayed on this website without the written permission of Bessemer Trust or such third 
    party that may own the trademarks displayed on this website. Your use of the trademarks displayed on this website, except as provided herein, 
    is strictly prohibited.
    

    Images displayed on this website are either the property of, or used with permission by, Bessemer Trust. The use of these images is prohibited 
    unless specifically permitted herein, and any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy 
    and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes. If you download any information or software from this website, you agree that you 
    will not copy it or remove or obscure any copyright or other notices or legends contained in any such information.
    

Communications Are Not Confidential
    
    Information submitted to this website should not be considered secure or confidential, and Bessemer Trust makes no representation whatsoever 
    concerning the security or confidentiality of such information and specifically makes no representation that any information submitted through 
    this website will be received by Bessemer Trust. If you are a Bessemer Trust client, please send any electronic communications directly to your 
    Client Advisor.
    

Use of Links
    
    Should you leave this website via a link contained herein and view content that is not provided by Bessemer Trust, you do so at your own risk. 
    The content to which you link will not have been developed, checked for accuracy, or otherwise reviewed by Bessemer Trust. Bessemer Trust is 
    not responsible for damages or losses caused by any such website, whether actual, alleged, consequential or punitive. Bessemer Trust makes no 
    guarantees or representations as to, and shall have no liability for, any information delivered by any third party, including, without 
    limitation, the accuracy, subject matter, quality or timeliness of any electronic content.
    

SEC Materials
    
    Certain information provided through this website has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") (such materials being 
    referred to as SEC Materials). Bessemer Trust does not assume any duty of disclosure beyond that which is imposed by law and expressly 
    disclaims any duty to update any information set forth in the SEC Materials. Individual statements appearing in the SEC Materials are intended 
    to be read in conjunction with and in the context of the complete SEC Materials in which they appear, rather than as stand-alone statements.
    

    Certain statements included in both the SEC Materials and other public disclosures contained on this website are "forward-looking statements" 
    within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, 
    and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking 
    'statements. The most significant of such factors include the performance of financial markets, the investment performance of Bessemer Trust's 
    sponsored investment products and separately managed accounts, general economic conditions, competitive conditions, and government regulations, 
    including changes in tax rates. You are cautioned to consider carefully such factors. Further, such forward-looking statements speak only as of 
    the date on which such statements are made; Bessemer Trust undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events 
    or circumstances after the date of such statements.
    

Ownership of Other Materials
    
    Adobe®, Acrobat®, Acrobat Reader®, and the Acrobat logo are trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated. Microsoft® and Internet 
    Explorer® are trademarks of Microsoft Corporation. Standard & Poor's®, S&P®, Standard & Poor's 500®, S&P 500®, and other 
    are trademarks of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. Sector and Industry classifications included in this website utilize the Global Industry 
    Classification Standard ("GICS"). GICS® is the exclusive property and a service mark of Morgan Stanley Capital International Inc. ("MSCI") 
    and Standard & Poor's ("S&P"), a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. Neither MSCI nor S&P makes any express or implied 
    warranties or representations or shall have any liability for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential or any other damages 
    (including lost profits) with respect to GICS® data or results obtained therefrom.
    

Bessemer Trust
    
    Bessemer Trust refers to The Bessemer Group, Incorporated and its subsidiaries worldwide, including their owners, employees, and agents. 
    Investment management and fiduciary services are provided in the United States by Bessemer Trust Company, Bessemer Trust Company, N.A., 
    Bessemer Trust Company of California, N.A., Bessemer Trust Company of Delaware, N.A. and Bessemer Trust Company of Florida. Bessemer Trust 
    Company (Cayman) Limited, Bessemer Trust Company (N.Z.) Limited, and Bessemer Group (U.K.) Limited provide such services in the Cayman Islands, 
    New Zealand, and the United Kingdom, respectively.
    

Jurisdiction and Governing Law
    
    This website is controlled and operated by Bessemer Trust from its offices within the United States. Bessemer Trust makes no representation 
    that materials on the website are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to them from territories where their content 
    is illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this website from other locations are responsible for compliance with applicable local 
    laws. You may not use or export the materials on this website in violation of U.S. export laws and regulations.
    

    The information provided on this website is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country 
    where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject Bessemer Trust or its affiliates to any 
    registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country.
    

    The laws of the State of New York govern these Terms of Use and your agreement to them. If you take legal action relating to these terms of 
    use, you agree to file such action only in the New York State Supreme Court, or the United States District Court for the Southern District of 
    New York, and you consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of those courts for the purpose of litigating any such action.
    

Integration and Severability
    
    If any provision of these Terms of Use is deemed unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severable 
    from these terms and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions. The preceding terms of use represent the 
    entire agreement between you and Bessemer Trust relating to the subject matter herein.
    










      


















Bessemer Trust Co of Delaware, N.A. in Wilmington, DE - (212) 708-9182






























 

Enter company name












Home


Favorites


Lists


Employers by Major


Employ Veterans


Locations


Blog


Sign In





















                            The Most Advanced Company Information Database
                        





















 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Lists






 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Industries

 
 




Lists















Home

 




My Favorites
My Favorites





Lists





List Builder





Employers by Major





Employ Veterans





Locations





Industries





Blogs







X
You must be a subscriber!


This feature is available to paying subscribers only. 

Click here to learn about our subscription plans.
            



















Bessemer Trust Co of Delaware, N.A.

























Action 


Add to List
Add to Favorites
Share
































        Contact Information
    




Bessemer Trust Co of Delaware, N.A.



1007 N Orange St
Wilmington, DE 19801






Contact:



Title:



Phone:


                        212-708-9182
                    



Website:







There are 

58
                Companies located at 1007 N Orange St, Wilmington, DE 19801
            












 














            Map
        





View larger map









            Business Description
        



Bessemer Trust Co of Delaware, N.A. is located in Wilmington, Delaware. This organization primarily operates in the Trusts, nec business / industry within the Holding and Other Investment Offices sector. This organization has been operating for approximately 2 years. Bessemer Trust Co of Delaware, N.A. is estimated to generate $102,342 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 2 people at this single location.









Sector:

Holding and Other Investment Offices



Category:

Trusts, nec



Industry:

Trusts, nec




SIC Code:

6733











Name:
Bessemer Trust Co of Delaware, N.A.


Year Founded:


2015






Location Type:
Single


Revenue:

$ 102,342



Employees:

2



Facility Size:

N/A



* Revenue & Employees are estimates









Demographics for Zipcode 19801






Percentage Population



2,756
White
1,264
Hispanic
12,877
Black
218
Asian
169
Native American
19
Hawaiian
631
Other


16.9 %
White
7.8 %
Hispanic
79.1 %
Black
1.3 %
Asian
1.0 %
Native American
0.1 %
Hawaiian
3.9 %
Other













Population




Population 
16,286




Female48.9%7,956


Male51.1%8,330




Median Age

31.6




Female32.8


Male30.8






























Questions & Answers









Is there a key contact at Bessemer Trust Co of Delaware, N.A.?





You can contact Bessemer Trust Co of Delaware, N.A. at (212) 708-9182







How big is Bessemer Trust Co of Delaware, N.A.?





Bessemer Trust Co of Delaware, N.A. is estimated to generate $102,342 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 2 people at this location.







What is the phone number for Bessemer Trust Co of Delaware, N.A.?





The phone number for Bessemer Trust Co of Delaware, N.A. is (212) 708-9182









How long has Bessemer Trust Co of Delaware, N.A. been in business?





Bessemer Trust Co of Delaware, N.A. has been in business for approximately 2 years.







How many people work at Bessemer Trust Co of Delaware, N.A.?





Bessemer Trust Co of Delaware, N.A. has approximately 2 employees at this location.







What are the annual sales for Bessemer Trust Co of Delaware, N.A.?





Bessemer Trust Co of Delaware, N.A. generates approximately $102,342 in annual sales.







Where is Bessemer Trust Co of Delaware, N.A. located?





Bessemer Trust Co of Delaware, N.A. is located at 1007 N Orange St, Wilmington, DE 19801.







Are there other companies located at 1007 N Orange St, Wilmington, DE?





There are 58 commercial tenants at 1007 N Orange St, Wilmington, DE.










 

































Generate 
More Revenue 
with 
Buzzfile 











Uncover and contact more high-value prospects in less time than with any other resource





Information on 18 million companies, 50 million contacts, 6 million buildings & 18,000 industries





Complete list of businesses in any building





Advanced search, filtering and list-building





































Nearby Resources









                        Restaurant
                    




                        Coffee
                    




                        Parking
                    






                        Hotel
                    




                        Taxi
                    




                        Pharmacy
                    






                        Bank
                    




                        Gas
                    




                        Grocery
                    


















Statistics for Zipcode 19801






Average House Value


                                $ 143,800
                            



Average Household Income


                                $ 25,200
                            



Number of Households

6,203



Persons per Household

2.30













Number of Businesses

3,021



Number of Employees

36,256



Land Area (square miles)

4.140



Water Area (square miles)

1.043



















×
Save as List






List Name





Classification

General Interest
Personal
Prospect
Trade / Industry




List Type

Companies
Places
Contacts




Description





Upload Image




X



Who can access this list?



Public - Everyone can view and edit (appears in search results)





Pre-approve members with following email domain(s):

Domains





Add







Remove





Can members edit this list?



                                    Yes
                                




                                    No
                                




                                        I will decide for each user / group
                                    



Username





Add








Remove












                                                Location
                                            







                                                    This list covers companies throughout the entire U.S.
                                                




                                                    This list covers a specific geographic area (you can select more than one state, city…)
                                                


City






County






State






Zipcode





Area Code





Add





Type
Criteria







Remove











                                                Sector, Category & Industry
                                            





                                                Control the types of companies that can be added to this list.
                                            

Sector

 



Category

 



Industry

 



SIC Code

 



Add





Type
Criteria







Remove



























Add to List






Add to Existing List












Create a new list



Cancel
Save
















×
Sign In




Not a member? Register Now 




Username





Password











                                        Remember me
                                    


Forgot Password?

















×
Subscriber Not Found




Not a subscriber? Contact Buzzfile Now.



                        We could not locate a subscriber with that email or username.
                        Try signing in with a different username or email, or Telecom support at [email protected] or 212-913-9151.
                    




Username





Password





















Remove Company Confirmation



I confirm that I, , with email address  am an owner, employee or representative, with authorization to approve the removal of the profile for:




I authorize Buzzfile to release my contact and other pertinent information to the necessary parties should this removal be contested.
I am requesting to remove this company profile.


Dear , 
Your request to remove the company profile has been denied for:




You are only permitted to claim ownership and remove one company profile. You have previously claimed ownership and removed the profile for:




You can contact us at [email protected] with any questions.



Cancel


















About Us


Partnerships


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Remove Company


Contact Us







 
 






















 
 




        Copyright © 2017 Buzzfile Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
    

            45 Broadway, Ste 1420, New York, NY 10006
        












×
Error








Close










Alert






Close

































 Bessemer Trust Co. of DE, N.A. v. Wilson :: 2011 :: Delaware Court of Chancery Decisions :: Delaware Case Law :: Delaware Law :: US Law :: Justia
















































Log In
Sign Up





















Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing














Receive free daily summaries of new Delaware Court of Chancery opinions.







Subscribe








Bessemer Trust Co. of DE, N.A. v. Wilson

Annotate this Case





Justia Opinion Summary


				Decedent's parents brought a wrongful death action against the nominal defendant after the nominal defendant allegedly ran through a stop sign which resulted in decedent's death. As part of that dispute, decedent's parents sought to discover information regarding two trusts, collectively known as the JBG Children's 1991 Trust (1991 Trusts), that nominal defendant and his ex-wife created for the benefit of their children (beneficiaries). Plaintiff, the trustee of the 1991 Trusts filed the present action seeking to confirm that the nominal defendant had no beneficial interest in the 1991 Trusts and that, therefore, decedent's parents should not be permitted to depose the trustee's employees in Delaware or Florida or otherwise obtain records of, or confidential information about, those trusts. The trustee subsequently filed a Motion and Proposed Order for a Rule to Show Cause in this action that would direct the decedent's parents to appear before the court and state why it should not enter a declaratory judgment. As a preliminary matter, the court held that the trustee's claims for relief presented an actual case or controversy sufficient to support a justifiable claim for relief under the Delaware Declaratory Judgment Act, 10 Del. C. 6501-6513. The court also held that the McWane Cast Iron Pipe Corp. v. McDowell-Wellman Eng'g Co. Doctrine did not justify maintaining a stay and that there was no good reason to delay further proceedings to address the narrowly focused relief sought by the trustee's motion for entry of a rule to show cause. 
			

Read more



Download PDF



					IN THE COURT OF CHANCERY OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE BESSEMER TRUST COMPANY OF DELAWARE, N.A., as trustee of the two trusts created under agreement dated April 29, 1991, Plaintiff, v. LILI M. WILSON and WILLIAM A. WILSON, JR., as Co-Personal Representatives of the Estate of Scott Patrick Wilson, Defendants, JOHN B. GOODMAN, Nominal Defendant, And JEFFREY S. GODDESS, as Guardian Ad Litem, Nominal Defendant, Intervenor.  : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :  C.A. No. 6148-MA  MEMORANDUM OPINION Submitted: June 10, 2011 Decided: September 28, 2011 Peter S. Gordon, Esq., Robert A. Penza, Esq., Christopher M. Coggins, Esq., GORDON, FOURNARIS & MAMMARELLA, P.A., Wilmington, Delaware; Attorneys for Plaintiffs. W. Donald Sparks, II, Esq., Chad M. Sandler, Esq., Beth A. Knight, Esq., RICHARDS LAYTON & FINGER, P.A., Wilmington, Delaware; Attorneys for Defendant John B. Goodman. Jeffrey S. Goddess, Esq., ROSENTHAL MONHAIT & GODDESS, P.A., Wilmington, Delaware; Guardian Ad Litem, Nominal Defendant, Intervenor. PARSONS, Vice Chancellor.   On February 12, 2010, John B. Goodman allegedly ran through a stop sign resulting in the death of Scott Patrick Wilson (the     Decedent    ), a recent college graduate. The Decedent    s parents, Lili M. Wilson and William A. Wilson, Jr. (the     Wilsons    ), brought a wrongful death action against Goodman in the Circuit Court of the 15th Judicial Circuit in and for Palm Beach County, Florida (the     Florida Court    ) on July 30, 2010 (the     Florida Action    ).  As part of that dispute, the Wilsons have sought to discover  information regarding two trusts, collectively known as the JBG Children    s 1991 Trust (the     1991 Trusts    ), that Goodman and his ex-wife, Isla Reckling Goodman (    Carroll Goodman    ), created on April 29, 1991 for the benefit of their children, Harriet and John, Jr. (the     Beneficiaries    ). Bessemer Trust Company of Delaware, N.A. (    Bessemer    ) was declared trustee of the 1991 Trusts on February 17, 2011 in a separate action before this Court (the     First Delaware Action    ). Bessemer filed this present action on January 25, 2011 (the     Second Delaware Action    ), seeking to confirm that Goodman has no beneficial interest in the 1991 Trusts and that, therefore, the Wilsons should not be permitted to depose Bessemer employees in Delaware or Florida or otherwise obtain records of, or confidential information about, those trusts. On February 3, 2011, the Florida Court issued an order requiring Goodman to produce certain documents regarding the 1991 Trusts. The Wilsons rescinded their notice of deposition to the Bessemer employee in Delaware on February 7 (presumably to avoid the jurisdiction of this Court), but proceeded to depose two former Bessemer employees in Florida on February 24 and March 3, 2011. On April 12, Bessemer filed a Motion and Proposed Order for a Rule to Show Cause in this action that would direct the 1   Wilsons to appear before this Court and state why it should not enter a declaratory judgment indicating that: (1) this Court continues to accept jurisdiction over the 1991 Trusts; (2) the 1991 Trusts are irrevocable; (3) Goodman is not a beneficiary of the 1991 Trusts; and (4) the Wilsons are not entitled to discovery of confidential financial information from Bessemer concerning the 1991 Trusts. On April 18, 2011, Master in Chancery Kim Ayvazian issued a Final Report and Order (the     Master    s Report    ) staying the proceedings in this Court     in favor of the Florida Action pending a decision by the Florida Court on the discovery issue before it.    1 Bessemer timely filed exceptions to the Master    s Report. I carefully have reviewed de novo the pleadings and other submissions in this case. I also have held a telephone conference with and heard oral argument by counsel for the plaintiff, Bessemer, the nominal defendant Goodman, and the Guardian Ad Litem for the Beneficiaries, Jeffrey S. Goddess, Esq. The Wilsons have not filed any papers in this action or formally participated in any of the proceedings to date. After the argument, Bessemer voluntarily deleted its fourth request for declaratory relief, which pertained to discovery, and revised its Proposed Order for a Rule to Show Cause to narrow its scope to encompass only its request for declaratory judgments as to the first three issues identified above. Based on these developments and for the reasons discussed in this  1  Master    s Report, Docket Item (    D.I.    ) 12, at 11. The Master also required counsel to keep this Court apprised of the proceedings in Florida. Id. at 11 n. 21. Unless otherwise noted, all citations herein to pleadings or other Court filings refer to this Second Delaware Action, Del. Ch. C.A. No. 6148-MA.  2   Memorandum Opinion, I conclude that the stay should be lifted and the revised Rule to Show Cause should issue.  I.  FACTUAL BACKGROUND A.  The Parties  Plaintiff, Bessemer, is the successor trustee of the 1991 Trusts as confirmed in the First Delaware Action. Defendants, the Wilsons, are the parents of the Decedent and co-personal representatives of their son    s estate (the     Wilson Estate    ). They are the plaintiffs in the Florida Action. Nominal Defendant Goodman and his ex-wife, Carroll Goodman, are the trustors of the 1991 Trusts.2 Goodman is a defendant in the Florida Action. Nominal Defendant Goddess is an attorney at Rosenthal, Monhait & Goddess, P.A. He was appointed Guardian Ad Litem to the Beneficiaries of the 1991 Trusts by Master Ayvazian in the First Delaware Action. B.  The Facts  The 1991 Trusts were created in Texas by Goodman and Carroll Goodman (collectively the     Trustors    ) by agreement (the     1991 Trust Agreement    ) on April 29, 1991 for the benefit of their future children. The present beneficiaries of the trusts are the Trustors     two children, Harriett Goodman (    Harriett    ) born July 20, 1995 and John B.  2  Goodman and Carroll Goodman were divorced by decree of the Texas District Court for the 257th Judicial District on November 24, 2008.  3   Goodman, Jr. (    John, Jr.    ) born on July 5, 1998. The 1991 Trust Agreement states that Goodman has no beneficial rights in the 1991 Trusts, that no distribution shall be made to the Trustors,3 and that the 1991 Trusts are irrevocable.4 The 1991 Trust Agreement provides for separate trusts for each child. Each trust contains a total of about $200 million, about $70 million in marketable securities and another approximately $130 million in alternative-type investments. Bessemer was appointed trustee of the 1991 Trusts on May 29, 2009, as confirmed by the Master in the First Delaware Action. Goodman and Carroll Goodman agreed by letter dated July 25, 2010 that the trusts would be subject to the jurisdiction of the Delaware Court of Chancery and that, thereafter, Delaware law would govern the administration of the trusts.5 Goodman reportedly has personal assets of approximately $11 million.6 Goodman    s father, Harold V. Goodman, founded Goodman Manufacturing Company in 1982. Goodman Manufacturing allegedly is now the second largest manufacturer of air conditioning and heating equipment in the United States. In 2004, the Goodman family  3  Verified Complaint (the     Complaint    ) ¶ 11.  4  Id. ¶ 14.  5  Petition for Instruction and Confirmation of Appointment of Trustee, Acceptance of Jurisdiction over Trusts and Creation of Special Holdings Direction Advisor in the First Action (    Pet. in First Del. Action    ) ¶ 22 n.1, Del. Ch. C.A. No. 5894MA, D.I. 1. The Petition in the First Delaware Action acknowledges that Texas law will continue to govern the validity and construction of the 1991 Trusts. See id. ¶ 12 and Relief Requested ¶ C.  6  Supp. Letter Mem. from Peter S. Gordon, Esq. in Support of Plaintiff Bessemer    s Opening Brief, D.I. 24, at 3.  4   sold Goodman Manufacturing for an estimated $1.45 billion dollars.7 The 1991 Trusts, as well as various other Goodman family trusts, received a portion of the sales proceeds.8 In the Florida Action, the Wilsons allege that on February 12, 2010, Goodman was driving under the influence, ran a stop sign, and crashed into a car driven by the 23-yearold Decedent. The Decedent    s car was propelled into a nearby canal and was submerged by the time police arrived. The Decedent was found dead inside. The cause of death was drowning. Goodman, who allegedly made no effort to rescue the Decedent or to contact authorities, was treated at a nearby hospital for minor injuries and released. These allegations have resulted in the Florida Action being a highly-publicized wrongful death action. The Wilsons are seeking punitive damages, among other forms of relief. Comments their counsel has made to the media accusing Goodman of     hiding     his assets and claiming that he has free use of the 1991 Trusts9 suggest that the Wilsons will try to invade those trusts. Indeed, the Wilsons have sought and apparently obtained at least some discovery in the Florida Action regarding the 1991 Trusts and the balances in them.  7  Goodman Family Completes Sale of HVAC Business, All Business, Jan. 1, 2005, http://www.allbusiness.com/construction/specialty-trade-contractors/10338001.html; Bessemer    s Mot. for Rule to Show Cause (    Mot. for RTSC    ), D.I. 11, ¶ 10.  8  Id.  9  See, e.g., Jane Musgrave, Attorneys battle over Polo Club founder's level of wealth, The Palm Beach Post, Aug. 22, 2011, http://www.orlandosentinel.com/news/local/pb-goodman-motion-hearing20110822,0,3937985.story (last visited Sept. 27, 2011).  5   Goodman objected to the Wilsons     discovery requests, and the Florida Court heard argument on his objection on November 2, 2010. In an Order dated November 12, 2010 (the     Florida Order    ), the Florida Court largely sustained Goodman    s objection, but required him to produce a redacted version of the 1991 Trust Agreement. The Florida Order states, in relevant part: The value of assets of Mr. Goodman    s family members cannot be included in Mr. Goodman    s net worth for consideration by the jury unless Mr. Goodman has a right to obtain those assets . . . . [A]n irrevocable trust over which Mr. Goodman has no rights has no bearing on the net worth of Mr. Goodman.10 On December 6 and 7, 2010, the Wilsons served subpoenas for depositions duces tecum on two Bessemer employees    the Principal and Senior Resident Officer of Bessemer, George W. Kern V, and the former relationship manager of the Palm Beach Office of Bessemer Trust Company of Florida, David Dary. This discovery further demonstrates the Wilsons     interest in the 1991 Trusts. The Florida Court conducted another hearing on January 10, 2011, after the Wilsons requested the production of additional financial documents purportedly related to the net worth and financial resources of Goodman. In a ruling issued on February 3, 2011, Circuit Court Judge Glenn D. Kelley summarized the parties     positions as follows: The gravamen of [the Wilsons    ] position is that Mr. Goodman must be worth more than his personal financial records show and that he is part of a     Goodman family enterprise     that is adept at hiding assets. The Plaintiffs     primary support for this assertion comes from: 1) Mr. 10  Compl. ¶ 26.  6   Goodman    s spending habits over the past 6 years; 2) the reported sale of Goodman Global Holdings in 2004 for more than a billion dollars; and 3) the allegedly unexplained ownership of property by the trust established for the benefit of Mr. Goodman    s children. Mr. Goodman    s response, through counsel, is that there is no mystery to his current financial status or to the distribution of his share of Goodman Global Holdings. He admits to spending more than he makes. Indeed, rather than support the Plaintiffs     suspicions, Mr. Goodman points to his spending      together with a divorce and a bad economy      for his declining net worth. **** Finally, as to the children    s trust, Mr. Goodman asserts that the trust    s assets are managed independently and that any transactions with the trust are arms-length. Mr. Goodman also maintains that the trust instrument itself is clear and does not grant him rights with respect to the trust    s assets or with respect to the control of the trust.11 Judge Kelley further stated that: [I]t is unlikely that any of the Trust    s assets can be considered by a jury in determining the net worth of Mr. Goodman. At least based on the clear wording of the Agreement, Mr. Goodman maintains no control over the Trust, and has no interest in the corpus or income of the Trust. The Trust is also clearly irrevocable.12 Nevertheless, the Florida court allowed limited discovery of the 1991 Trusts including tax returns, balance sheets, and income statements going back seven years, noting that     the use of Trust assets by Mr. Goodman, together with the interrelated business 11  Guardian Ad Litem    s Mot. Regarding Guardian    s Authorization, D.I. 13, Ex. 2, at 2-3.  12  Id. at 5.  7   transactions between the Trust and Mr. Goodman, are enough to invoke the lower standard [of relevance] applicable to discovery.    13 Thereafter, the Wilsons served another subpoena duces tecum for the deposition of a Bessemer Florida employee, Brandon Reid, for March 3, 2011. On March 1, the Wilsons filed an amended re-notice for Reid    s deposition, requesting additional documents that Bessemer contends contain confidential information related to the 1991 Trusts and exceed the scope of the February 3, 2011 Florida Order. 14 While these discovery disputes were being litigated in Florida, Master Ayvazian appointed Mr. Goddess as Guardian Ad Litem for the 1991 Trust Beneficiaries on February 15, 2011.  In addition, the Master entered a Stipulated Order confirming  Bessemer    s appointment as trustee of the 1991 Trusts and accepting jurisdiction over those trusts. C.  Procedural History  Bessemer initiated this Second Delaware Action on January 25, 2011, seeking a declaratory judgment under 10 Del. C. § 6504 that the 1991 Trusts are irrevocable, that Goodman is not a beneficiary, and that the Wilsons are not entitled to discover confidential financial information from Bessemer concerning the 1991 Trusts. In its Complaint, Bessemer also requested that the subpoenas issued by the Wilsons to Kern and Dary either be declared defective and unenforceable or be quashed to protect the  13  Id. at 5-6.  14  Mot. for RTSC ¶ 33.  8   Trusts     confidential information. Alternatively, Bessemer requested that a protective order be entered precluding or restricting the requested discovery based on undue burden and expense. On March 11, 2011, Goodman responded to Bessemer    s Complaint and admitted that the 1991 Trusts are irrevocable and he is not a beneficiary. Goodman also supported Bessemer    s assertion that the Wilsons are not entitled to discover confidential financial information from Bessemer concerning the 1991 Trusts. As Defendants, the Wilsons were served with a Summons and the Complaint in February 2011, but have not yet filed a response. On April 12, 2011, Bessemer moved for a rule to show cause directed to the Wilsons as to why a default judgment should not be entered in Bessemer    s favor. In particular, Bessemer sought entry of a judgment: (1) reaffirming this Court    s jurisdiction over the 1991 Trusts; (2) declaring those Trusts irrevocable; (3) declaring that Goodman is not a beneficiary of the 1991 Trusts; and (4) declaring that the Wilsons are not entitled to discovery of confidential financial information from Bessemer concerning the 1991 Trusts. On April 18, the Master issued the Master    s Report in which she decided sua sponte to stay this Second Delaware Action pending the decision of the Florida Court in the Florida Action. The Master based her decision on the McWane15 doctrine, which allows a Delaware court to stay an action     when there is a prior action pending  15  McWane Cast Iron Pipe Corp. v. McDowell-Wellman Eng    g Co., 263 A.2d 281 (Del. 1970).  9   elsewhere, in a court capable of doing prompt and complete justice, involving the same parties and the same issues . . . .    16 The Master reasoned that: (1) the Florida Action was initiated six months before this action; (2) the Florida Court is capable of providing prompt and complete justice as evidenced by the fact that it already had had two hearings, each followed by a written decision; (3) the parties in the Florida Action are substantially the same as the parties in the Second Delaware Action in that Goodman    s interests appear to be aligned with those of Bessemer in resisting discovery of confidential financial information of the 1991 Trusts; and (4) the issues presented in the Delaware Action are the same or substantially the same as those presented in the Florida Action. The Master therefore concluded that the McWane doctrine applied and that     [a] stay of proceedings in Delaware would avoid a wasteful duplication of time, effort and expense and the possibility of inconsistent and conflicting rulings and judgments and an unseemly race by each party to trial and judgment in the forum of its choice.    17 Bessemer and Goodman timely filed notices of exceptions to the Master    s Report on April 21, 2011 and April 25, 2011, respectively. Goddess, as Guardian Ad Litem, moved to intervene on April 26, and I later granted that motion. In support of its exceptions to the stay, Bessemer argues that the Master exceeded her authority in staying 16  Id. at 283; Citrin Hldgs. LLC v. Cullen, 2008 WL 241615, at *2 (Del. Ch. Jan. 17, 2008) (quotation and footnote omitted); see also In re Advanced Drivers Educ. Prods. & Training, Inc., 1996 WL 487940, at *1 (Del. Ch. Aug. 16, 1996).  17  Master    s Report at 4 (quoting McWane, 263 A.2d at 283) (internal citations omitted).  10   the action sua sponte pending resolution of the Florida Action, erred in her application of the McWane doctrine, and improperly denied Bessemer its choice of forum.18 During a teleconference with the Court on May 10, 2011, Bessemer withdrew the fourth issue in its Motion for Rule to Show Cause, which sought a declaration that the Wilsons are not entitled to discovery of confidential financial information from Bessemer regarding the 1991 Trusts. Bessemer confirmed its withdrawal of that aspect of its motion at oral argument on June 10, 2011 and again by letter that same day. Accordingly, the only issues remaining before me are whether to lift the stay and to order a rule to show cause as to why this Court should not reaffirm its jurisdiction over the 1991 Trusts, declare the trusts irrevocable, and declare that Goodman is not a beneficiary of the trusts. In accordance with Court of Chancery Rule 144, I have reviewed de novo the evidence and arguments presented with respect to the issues decided in the Master    s Report. For the reasons stated in this Memorandum Opinion, I am vacating the stay and entering the requested rule to show cause.  II.  ANALYSIS  The standard of review in this Court as to a Master    s findings of facts and conclusions of law is de novo under Rule 144. In reviewing the Master    s Report, I have considered the pleadings and other papers filed by Bessemer, Goodman, and Goddess in 18  Goodman and Goddess, on behalf of the Beneficiaries, have joined in Bessemer    s request that the stay be lifted and in the legal arguments it asserted in support of its exceptions to the Master    s Report.  11   this action. I also have reviewed a number of documents filed in the First Delaware Action and the Florida Action. A.  Actual Case or Controversy  As a threshold matter, I raise sua sponte the question of whether there is an actual case or controversy here sufficient to support the issuance of a declaratory judgment. Absent a convincing argument by the Wilsons to the contrary, I am satisfied that Bessemer has demonstrated the existence of an actual case or controversy and that granting the relief Bessemer seeks will not amount to rendering an advisory opinion. An     actual case or controversy     is a dispute: (1) that involves the rights or other legal relations of the party seeking the declaratory relief; (2) in which the claim of right or other legal interest is asserted against one who has an interest in contesting the claim; (3) between parties whose interests are real and adverse; and (4) where the issue involved is ripe for determination.19  The first two of those elements plainly are met here.  Bessemer, as a Delaware trustee, is obligated to protect the rights and interests associated with the 1991 Trusts for which it is responsible. And, the Wilsons, against whom this claim has been filed, have manifested an interest in attempting to invade those trusts by, for example, their efforts to include the 1991 Trusts in Goodman    s assets for the purpose of determining punitive damages in the Florida Action. In addition, the parties     interests appear to be real and adverse as evidenced by the Wilsons     discovery requests in the Florida Action directed toward the 1991 Trusts.  19  Rollins Int    l, Inc. v. Int    l Hydronics Corp., 303 A.2d 660, 662-63 (Del. 1973).  12   Goodman    s own net worth reportedly is around $11 million. If the Wilsons succeed in including the value of the 1991 Trusts in Goodman    s assets for the purpose of determining punitive damages in the Florida Action, such damages foreseeably could exceed Goodman    s net worth and leave the 1991 Trusts susceptible to an action to invade them in connection with the Wilsons     efforts to enforce any resulting judgment. Bessemer clearly has a real interest in opposing the Wilsons     efforts in that regard. A declaration by this Court as to the nature of the trusts presumably will help clarify this issue and benefit the Florida Action. Fourth, the fairly limited requests in Bessemer    s revised Motion for Rule to Show Cause are sufficiently ripe for review by this Court. The standard for ripeness is one of common sense and includes,     a practical evaluation of the legitimate interest of the plaintiff in a prompt resolution of the question presented and the hardship that further delay may threaten . . . .    20 This Court also may consider, among other things, whether factual developments in the future might affect the determination to be made.21 Bessemer has a legitimate interest as the trustee of the 1991 Trusts in protecting the interests of those trusts and the Beneficiaries of them. The ongoing litigation in Florida threatens to encroach upon the interests of the trusts and their Beneficiaries. The exigency of Bessemer    s concern is evidenced by the Wilsons     persistent efforts to discover confidential information regarding the 1991 Trusts in the Florida Action. The 20  Schick Inc. v. Amalgamated Clothing & Textile Workers Union, 533 A.2d 1235, 1239 (Del. Ch. 1987).  21  Id.  13   pending motion, as revised, no longer seeks to limit or restrict such discovery in any way. Therefore, some of the concerns that motivated the stay ordered by the Master have been alleviated. By contrast, a delay in providing relief in this action could deny Bessemer its choice of forum and deprive the Florida Court of useful information regarding issues likely to come before it, if only indirectly, regarding the 1991 Trusts. Furthermore, the facts relevant to making a determination as to the issues now before me have been long established, are not dependent on any pending decisions of the Florida Court, and are not otherwise likely to change. For all of these reasons, I hold that Bessemer    s claims for relief present an actual case or controversy sufficient to support a justiciable claim for relief under the Delaware Declaratory Judgment Act.22 B.  McWane Doctrine  The Master relied on the McWane doctrine in ordering a stay. Under McWane, a court may exercise its discretion freely to stay an action     when there is a prior action pending elsewhere, in a court capable of doing prompt and complete justice, involving the same parties and the same issues . . . .    23 Although the McWane doctrine may have supported staying this action in favor of the Florida Action when the Master issued her report, I conclude that a stay is no longer warranted based on the changed circumstances  22  10 Del. C. §§ 6501-6513.  23  McWane Cast Iron Pipe Corp. v. McDowell-Wellman Eng    g Co., 263 A.2d 281, 283 (Del. 1970).  14   currently before me.24 A major aspect of the relief originally sought by Bessemer here was a declaratory judgment that the Wilsons are not entitled to discover confidential information from Bessemer concerning the 1991 Trusts. The overlap between that aspect of the relief sought in this Second Delaware Action and certain issues that actively were being litigated in the Florida Action appear to have figured prominently in the Master    s decision to stay this action in favor of the Florida Action. Since the filing of the Master    s Report, however, Bessemer has withdrawn its request for an order precluding or restricting discovery being sought as to the 1991 Trusts in connection with the Florida Action. Thus, that justification for the stay is now moot. The question before me, therefore, is whether this Court should continue the stay imposed by the Master as to Bessemer    s remaining claims, which seek a declaratory judgment:     A. Reaffiming the jurisdiction of this Court over the 1991 Trusts; B. Declaring that the 1991 Trusts are irrevocable; and C. Declaring that John B. Goodman is not a beneficiary of the 1991 Trusts.    25 As to that question, I conclude that the stay should be lifted and the requested rule to show cause should issue and be served on the Wilsons.  Because Bessemer has  24  Having reached this conclusion, I need not dilate on Bessemer    s threshold argument that the Master exceeded her authority in staying this action sua sponte. I merely note, without deciding, that the Court    s referral of a matter to a Master likely includes, at least implicitly, the authority to manage the proceedings before her as the Master deems appropriate. As occurred in this case, any party who objects to the Master    s exercise of her discretion in that regard may seek review by the Court.  25  Bessemer    s Revised Proposed Form of Order for Rule to Show Cause, D.I. 30, at 2.  15   narrowed significantly the scope of relief that it seeks, the McWane doctrine no longer supports a stay. First, the parties in the Florida Action and this action are not the same. Plaintiff Bessemer is not a party in the Florida Action and several parties named in that action, such as the Palm Beach International Polo Club and the Player    s Club Restaurant, are not parties in this case. Second, the issues in the Florida Action and in this action are not the same. The main issue here is whether Goodman has a beneficial interest in the 1991 Trusts that were established for the benefit of his children. By contrast, the main issue before the Florida Court is whether Goodman is liable for the death of the Decedent and, if so, the amount of damages for which he is liable. The Florida Court is not in a position to bind Bessemer, for example, in terms of the declaratory relief Bessemer seeks here regarding this Court    s jurisdiction, the irrevocable nature of the 1991 Trusts, and whether Goodman is a beneficiary of those Trusts.26 Accordingly, I conclude that the McWane doctrine does not justify maintaining a stay of this Second Delaware Action pending resolution of the Florida Action. Furthermore, as to Bessemer    s motion for entry of a rule to show cause, there is no good reason to delay further proceedings to address the narrowly focused relief sought by  26  I also note, however, that Bessemer    s motion does not seek a declaration that, for example, the 1991 Trusts are not exposed to the tort creditors of Goodman or that the Trusts     assets are or are not within Goodman    s control. To this Court    s knowledge, no such issues are ripe for decision at this time. If in the future those or other issues pertaining to a potential effort to invade the 1991 Trusts to collect on a judgment against Goodman become ripe and are brought before this Court, I would expect, in the interests of judicial economy and expedition, to address those issues promptly and directly without referring them to a Master for an initial determination.  16   that motion.  Issuing the requested rule to show cause will give the Wilsons an  opportunity to present their arguments as to why I should not grant Bessemer    s proposed declaratory judgments. If they do not object or elect not to appear, such declarations may help to inform the proceedings in the Florida Action and to reduce the number of collateral issues requiring adjudication in the future.  III.  CONCLUSION  For the foregoing reasons, I hereby vacate the order staying this action and will proceed to enter a rule to show cause consistent with this Memorandum Opinion, directing the Wilsons to appear before this Court within thirty (30) days and to show why the Court should not grant the relief sought in Bessemer    s motion. IT IS SO ORDERED.  17   
				












        Search this Case 
    


Google Scholar
Google Books
Legal Blogs  


Google Web 
Bing Web 


Google News 
Google News Archive 
Yahoo! News 




Find a Lawyer












Lawyers - Get Listed Now!
Get a free directory profile listing



 

Ask a Lawyer





Question:



Add details
120



Additional Details: 




                        1000
                    



                Ask Question
            







                 
                                        Subscribe to Justia's Free Summaries 
                    of Delaware Court of Chancery opinions. 
                 
            

                Subscribe Now
            









            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions













 Delaware Court of Chancery Decisions :: Delaware Case Law :: Delaware Law :: US Law :: Justia















































Log In
Sign Up





















Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing














Receive free daily summaries of new Delaware Court of Chancery opinions.







Subscribe








Delaware Court of Chancery Decisions

Browse Opinions From the Delaware Court of Chancery



2017 (125)
			

2016 (182)
			

2015 (266)
			

2014 (260)
			

2013 (284)
			

2012 (202)
			

2011 (174)
			

2010 (223)
			

2009 (215)
			

2008 (205)
			

2007 (209)
			

2006 (201)
			

2005 (210)
			

2004 (182)
			

2003 (69)
			

2002 (81)
			

2001 (74)
			

2000 (107)
			

1999 (37)
			

1998 (17)
			

1997 (14)
			

1996 (12)
			

1995 (17)
			

1994 (8)
			

1993 (6)
			

1992 (11)
			

1991 (15)
			

1990 (6)
			

1989 (13)
			

1988 (9)
			

1987 (20)
			

1986 (24)
			

1985 (14)
			

1984 (10)
			

1983 (11)
			

1982 (11)
			

1981 (8)
			

1980 (16)
			

1979 (16)
			

1978 (19)
			

1977 (22)
			

1976 (11)
			

1975 (13)
			

1974 (27)
			

1973 (36)
			

1972 (40)
			

1971 (36)
			

1970 (25)
			

1969 (31)
			

1968 (16)
			

1967 (11)
			

1966 (11)
			

1965 (31)
			

1964 (18)
			

1963 (31)
			

1962 (37)
			

1961 (23)
			

1960 (33)
			

1959 (31)
			

1958 (37)
			

1957 (32)
			

1956 (34)
			

1955 (32)
			

1954 (31)
			

1953 (36)
			

1952 (24)
			

1951 (28)
			

1950 (21)
			



Recent Decisions From the Delaware Court of Chancery



ACP Master, Ltd., et al. v. Sprint Corporation, et al. & ACP Master, Ltd., et al. v. Clearwire Corporation



Date:  July 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						CA #8508 & #9042
								
									


AM General Holdings LLC v. The Renco Group, Inc. -and- The Renco Group, Inc. v. MacAndrews AMG Holdings LLC



Date:  July 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						CA #7639-VCS & CA #7668-VCS
								
									


Collins v. Collins

					
											 


Date:  July 13, 2017
Docket Number:  
						CA # 12357-MG
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Petitioners sought a statutory partition of a house and lot owned by Petitioners and Respondent. Respondent objected and brought her objections as a counterclaim in which Respondent requested a private sale of the proper...
				



Duffield Associates, Inc. v. Lockwood Brothers, LLC

					
											 


Date:  July 11, 2017
Docket Number:  
						9067-VCMR
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: The Delaware Court of Chancery granted in part a motion for summary judgment in a breach of contract dispute regarding Duffield's involvement in the design of a wastewater treatment system. The court granted the motion a...
				



Beach to Bay Real Estate Center LLC v. Beach to Bay Realtors Inc.

					
											 


Date:  July 10, 2017
Docket Number:  
						10007-VCG
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This dispute arose from the winding-down of a limited liability company formed as a real estate sales venture between two realtors. The Delaware Court of Chancery granted in part and denied in part defendants' partial mo...
				



Henry v. Phixios Holdings, Inc.

					
											 


Date:  July 10, 2017
Docket Number:  
						12504-VCMR
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: The Delaware Court of Chancery held that, under 8 Del. C. 202, in order for a stockholder to be bound by stock transfer restrictions that are not "noted conspicuously on the certificate or certificates representing the s...
				



Beach to Bay Real Estate Center LLC, et al. v. Beach to Bay Realtors Inc., et al.



Date:  July 10, 2017
Docket Number:  
						CA # 10007-VCG
								
									


Yu v. GSM Nation, LLC

					
											 


Date:  July 7, 2017
Docket Number:  
						12293-VCMR
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Plaintiff loaned money to GSM Nation, LLC in a series of transactions. Plaintiff later filed a complaint against GSM Nation and others, alleging, among other claims, breach of contract for failure to repay the loans. Def...
				



Yvonne Williams v. Henry Ji, et al.



Date:  June 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						12729-VCMR
								
									


In re the Estate of Walter E. Cannon



Date:  June 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						ROW Folio # 10108
								
									


Paul Morris v. Spectra Energy Partners (DE), et al.



Date:  June 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						CA # 12110-VCG
								
									


Mrs. Fields Brand, Inc. v. Interbake Foods, LLC



Date:  June 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						CA #12201-CB
								
									


Lechliter v. Delaware Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control

					
											 


Date:  June 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						CA 10430-VCG
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This matter involved the use by the City of Lewes, the State, and others of a former industrial park transferred to the State and held as open space. Plaintiff brought three actions contesting that use. The only issues r...
				



George X v. Charles E. Brittingham, et al.



Date:  June 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						CA # 12187-MZ
								
									


Brace Industrial Contracting, Inc., et al. v. Peterson Enterprises, Inc., et al.



Date:  June 19, 2017
Docket Numbers:  
						CA 11189-VCG, CA #11189-VCG, CA # 11189-VCG
								
									




		The opinions published on Justia State Caselaw are sourced from individual state court sites.
		These court opinions may not be the official published versions, and you should check your local court rules before citing to them. 
		We make no warranties or guarantees about the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of the information contained on this site, 
		or the information linked to on the state site.
	
 








Ask a Lawyer





Question:



Add details
120



Additional Details: 




                        1000
                    



                Ask Question
            




Find a Lawyer












Lawyers - Get Listed Now!
Get a free directory profile listing



 



                 
                                        Subscribe to Justia's Free Summaries 
                    of Delaware Court of Chancery opinions. 
                 
            

                Subscribe Now
            


 





            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions














 2011 :: Delaware Court of Chancery Decisions :: Delaware Case Law :: Delaware Law :: US Law :: Justia















































Log In
Sign Up





















Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing














Receive free daily summaries of new Delaware Court of Chancery opinions.







Subscribe








Delaware Court of Chancery Decisions 2011




James J. Gory Mechanical Contracting, Inc. v. BPG Residential Partners V, LLC, et al.

					
											 


Date:  December 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6999-VCG
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Plaintiff sued for breach of contract on a construction contract with defendant, for which plaintiff purportedly had fully performed. At issue was whether a Payment Memo constituted a valid contract and thus superseded a...
				



IMO Estate of Robert Lewis Stevens, Sr.



Date:  December 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 4571-VCG
								
									


AFSCME Council 81, Local 879 et al. v. State of Delaware and AFSCME Council 81, Local 247, et al. v. State of Delaware



Date:  December 29, 2011
Docket Numbers:  
						CA 6159-VCP, CA 6327-VCP
								
									


W.L. Gore & Assoc., Inc. v. Darrell Long and BHA Group, Inc. (d/b/a GE Energy)

					
											 


Date:  December 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 4387-VCP
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This matter was before the court on plaintiff's motion to disregard the testimony of defendant on certain subjects. When called as an adverse witness during plaintiff's case-in-chief, defendant invoked his constitutional...
				



Makitka, Jr., et al. v. New Castle County Council, et al.

					
											 


Date:  December 23, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6653-VCG
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This case involved a challenge to the New Castle County Council's approval of the record plan for a housing development. The development was the joint effort of two record owners of individual parcels: the limited liabil...
				



Wimbledon Fund LP-Absolute Return Fund Series v. SV Special Situations Fund LP



Date:  December 22, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 4780
								
									


Knutkowski v. Cross

					
											 


Date:  December 22, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 4899-VCG
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Plaintiff, individually and as personal representative of the estate of George D. Knutkowski, asserted claims against defendant, the decedent's widow, for, among other things, failing to repay two loans that decedent mad...
				



American Federation of State County and Municipal Employees, Council 81, Local 640 v. Brooks



Date:  December 21, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5395-VCN
								
									


Naughty Monkey LLC v. MarineMax Northeast LLC



Date:  December 20, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5095-VCN
								
									


Sherwood, et al. v. Ngon, et al.

					
											 


Date:  December 20, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 7106-VCP
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Plaintiffs moved for a temporary restraining order (TRO) to enjoin ChinaCast from holding its annual shareholder meeting. Plaintiffs claimed, among other things, that the board breached its fiduciary duty of disclosure w...
				



In re Southern Peru Copper Corp. Shareholder Derivative Litigation

					
											 


Date:  December 20, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 961
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This derivative suit was brought against the Grupo Mexico subsidiary that owned Minera, the Grupo Mexico-affiliated directors of Southern Peru, and the members of the Special Committee, alleging that the Merger at issue...
				



PharmAthene, Inc. v. SIGA Technologies, Inc.

					
											 


Date:  December 16, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 2627-VCP
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: On October 4th, SIGA moved for reargument to the remedy ordered in a September 22 Opinion. SIGA contended that the court misapplied the law and misunderstood material facts in awarding PharmAthene an equitable lien on a...
				



Encite LLC v. Rob Soni, et al.



Date:  December 13, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 2476-VCG
								
									


Hermelin v. K-V Pharmaceuticals Co.



Date:  December 13, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6936-VCG
								
									


In re Compellent Technologies, Inc. Shareholder Litigation

					
											 


Date:  December 9, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6084-VCL
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Plaintiffs sought a preliminary injunction against the acquisition of Compellant by Dell. The parties settled after significant discovery but before merits briefing or a hearing. The settlement consideration consisted of...
				



Clean Harbors, Inc. v. Safety-Kleen, Inc.

					
											 


Date:  December 9, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6117-VCP
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This action involved a challenge to a decision by the board of directors of a company to call certain of its outstanding shares. The purchasers of those shares claimed that the company called the shares at a below market...
				



In re Mortgage between Pamela S. Pantalone, as Borrower, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Lender

					
											 


Date:  December 9, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6796-VCL
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Petitioner, an attorney, brought this action pro se seeking reformation of a mortgage. Petitioner was not a party to the mortgage or the loan it secured; he had no interest in the underlying party; sued on his own name a...
				



RBC Capital Markets, LLC v. Education Loan Trust IV, et al.

					
											 


Date:  December 6, 2011
Docket Number:  
						6297-CS
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This case involved a suit by a holder of auction rate notes issued under an Indenture of Trust and certain "Supplemental Indentures" thereto, against the issuer of the notes, and the trust. Plaintiff claimed that the iss...
				



The Ravenswood Investment Company, L.P. v. Winmill



Date:  November 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 3730-VCN
								
									


Visbal Salgado v. Mobile Services International, LLC



Date:  November 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5268-VCN
								
									


Gladney v. City of Wilmington

					
											 


Date:  November 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5717-VCP
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This action involved a challenge to the termination of plaintiff's employment with the city. Plaintiff sought a declaratory judgment, permanent injunctive relief, and compensatory damages, claiming that the city wrongful...
				



Gibraltar Private Bank & Trust Co. v. Boston Private Financial Holdings, Inc.

					
											 


Date:  November 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6276-VCN
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Gibraltar brought this action against Boston Private for specific performance of Boston Private's obligations under the tax allocation provision of the stock purchase agreement between the parties. Both parties moved for...
				



Central Laborers Pension Fund v. News Corporation



Date:  November 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6287-VCN
								
									


Stone v. Stant



Date:  November 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 890-VCN
								
									


Encite, LLC v. Soni, et al.

					
											 


Date:  November 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 2476-VCG
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This case involved a claim for breach of the fiduciary duty of loyalty that stemmed from a dispute regarding assets of IFCT, a now defunct tech startup company founded by Stephen Marsh to develop potentially revolutionar...
				



In re Food Ingredients International, Inc.



Date:  November 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 4422-VCP
								
									


Invenergy Solar Dev. LLC v. Gonergy Caribbean Sarl, et al.

					
											 


Date:  November 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5455-VCP
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This action involved a challenge to the decision by a purchaser to terminate a share purchase agreement and related consulting services agreement based on the purchaser's contention that certain conditions precedent to c...
				



In re: Weaver Holding Company



Date:  November 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6199-VCG
								
									


Hermelin v. KV Pharm. Co.



Date:  November 23, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6936-VCG
								
									


Klig v. Deloitte LLP, et al.

					
											 


Date:  November 22, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 4993-VCL
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Plaintiff was terminated as a partner of Deloitte LLP and Deloitte Tax LLP after he pled guilty to a criminal charge relating to allegedly stalking and harassing an ex-lover. Plaintiff claimed that Deloitte management wr...
				



Seven Investments, LLC, et al. v. AD Capital, LLC, et al.

					
											 


Date:  November 22, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6449-VCL
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Plaintiff asserted wide-ranging claims against defendant and its managing member after plaintiff and defendant agreed to combine their investment management operations into a single firm. After coming to believe that def...
				



ClubCorp, Inc. v. Pinehurst, LLC and Putterboy Ltd.

					
											 


Date:  November 15, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5120-VCP
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This case concerned a contractual dispute among the parties to an indemnification agreement incident to a merger. Plaintiffs asserted claims for indemnification and defendants disputed whether the Indemnification Agreeme...
				



Robert Y. Garrett IV and Diana B. Garrett v. Zon Capital Partners, LP



Date:  November 10, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5607-CS
								
									


Winshall v. Viacom Int'l, Inc., et al.

					
											 


Date:  November 10, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6074-CS
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This case involved a dispute over earn-out payments related to a merger between Viacom and Harmonix where plaintiff was one of the selling stockholders of Harmonix. Plaintiff sued on behalf of the selling stockholders, a...
				



IMO Krafft-Murphy Co., Inc.

					
											 


Date:  November 9, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6049-VCP
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This matter came before the court on the basis of two competing motions related to a petition for the appointment of a receiver under 8 Del. C. 279 for Kraft-Murphy Company, Inc., a defunct Delaware corporation that had...
				



TA Instruments-Waters, LLC v. University of Connecticut

					
											 


Date:  November 8, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6985-VCL
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Plaintiff moved for an expedited hearing on an application for a preliminary injunction that would block the University of Connecticut from proceeding any further with a request for proposal. Plaintiff contended that the...
				



Coughlan v. NXP B.V.

					
											 


Date:  November 4, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5110-VCG
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This case involved the interpretation of two provisions in a merger agreement between defendant corporation and a company whose former stockholders were represented by plaintiff. The two provisions at issue dealt with co...
				



Osbourne v. City of Wilmington

					
											 


Date:  October 31, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 3347-VCG
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This case involved the adoption and implementation of a redevelopment plan in South Wilmington known as the South Walnut Street Urban Renewal Plan (SWURP). Plaintiffs, property owners in the SWURP area, sought a permanen...
				



Dubroff v. Wren Holdings, LLC and Fuchs v. Wren Holdings, LLC



Date:  October 28, 2011
Docket Numbers:  
						CA 3940-VCN, CA 6170-VCN
								
									


Connecticut General Life Insurance Company v. Pinkas



Date:  October 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5724-VCN
								
									


Krieger v. Wesco Financial Corp., et al.

					
											 


Date:  October 14, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6176-VCL
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Plaintiff contended that holders of common stock of Wesco were entitled to appraisal rights under Section 262 of the General Corporation Law, 8 Del. 262, in connection with a forward triangular merger among Wesco, its pa...
				



In re Southern Peru Copper Corporation Shareholder Derivative



Date:  October 14, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 961-CS
								
									


Brown v. Wiltbank, et al.

					
											 


Date:  October 13, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 2170-MA
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This matter involved a dispute over the disposition of a certain parcel of real estate that was the residence of Arlington J. Wiltbank, who died on December 5, 2002 and was survived by three children, including Claudia W...
				



In re Alloy, Inc. Shareholder Litigation

					
											 


Date:  October 13, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5626-VCP
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This case was a class action brought on behalf of the former shareholders of Alloy, challenging a going-private transaction (Merger) that cashed out the company's public shareholders for allegedly inadequate consideratio...
				



In re: The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Shareholder Litigation

					
											 


Date:  October 12, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5215-VCG
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This matter was before the court on a motion to dismiss, pursuant to Court of Chancery Rule 23.1, for failure to make a pre-suit demand upon the board, and Court of Chancery Rule 12(b)(6) for failure to state a claim. At...
				



Gaines v. Narachi, et al.



Date:  October 6, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6784-VCN
								
									


In the Matter of The Rehabilitation of Manhattan Re-Ins. Co.

					
											 


Date:  October 4, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 2844-VCP
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This action came before the court following the insolvency and proposed rehabilitation of a Delaware insurance company. At issue was whether the arbitration clause in the reinsurance agreements between the insolvent insu...
				



Vincent v. Baize



Date:  September 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 3432-VCN
								
									


New Jersey Carpenters Pension Fund v. InfoGroup, Inc., et al.

					
											 


Date:  September 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5334-VCN
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Plaintiff, a former shareholder of infoGroup, Inc., brought its Second Amended Class Action complaint asserting, on behalf of themselves and their fellow former shareholders, that the merger of infoGroup into a subsidiar...
				



Brinckerhoff v. Enbridge Energy Co., Inc., et al.

					
											 


Date:  September 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5526-VCN
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Plaintiff, individually and as trustee of the Peter R. Brinckerhoff Revocable Trust, was the holder of limited partnership units (LP units) of Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. (the Partnership). Plaintiff, both derivativel...
				



Gaines v. Narachi, et al.



Date:  September 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6784-VCN
								
									


In re OPENLANE, Inc. Shareholders Litigation

					
											 


Date:  September 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6849-VCN
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This action arose out of the proposed open merger of OPENLANE with Riley, wholly-owned subsidiary of ADESA which in turn, was a wholly-owned subsidiary of KAR (KAR and, together with Riley and ADESA, collectively, the "P...
				



Gerber v. EPE Holdings, LLC



Date:  September 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 3543-VCN
								
									


Ross Holding and Management Company, et al. v. Advance Realty Group, LLC, et al.



Date:  September 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 4113-VCN
								
									


Merrill Lynch Trust Company, FSB v. Campbell



Date:  September 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 1803-VCN
								
									


Bessemer Trust Co. of DE, N.A. v. Wilson

					
											 


Date:  September 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6148-MA
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Decedent's parents brought a wrongful death action against the nominal defendant after the nominal defendant allegedly ran through a stop sign which resulted in decedent's death. As part of that dispute, decedent's paren...
				



Johnston, et al. v. Pedersen, et al.

					
											 


Date:  September 23, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6567-VCL
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: In this action brought pursuant to 8 Del. C. 225, plaintiffs sought a determination that certain written consents validly removed defendant directors and replaced them with a new slate. Defendant directors contended that...
				



PharmAthene, Inc. v. SIGA Technologies, Inc.

					
											 


Date:  September 22, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 2627-VCP
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This action arose out of a dispute between two companies involved in the development of pharmaceuticals. Plaintiff was a biodefense company engaged in the development and commercialization of medical countermeasures agai...
				



Phillips v. Hove, et al.

					
											 


Date:  September 22, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 3644-VCL
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This post-trial opinion determined the voting membership of GnB, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. The parties disputed whether Firehouse Gallery, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, was a voting member of...
				



Sutherland v. Sutherland



Date:  September 21, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 2399-VCN
								
									


Geovesi Holdings, Ltd. v. Bisson, et al.



Date:  September 19, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6780-VCL
								
									


ASDC Holdings, et al. v. The Richard J. Malouf 2008 All Smiles Trust, et al.

					
											 


Date:  September 14, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6562-VCP
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This action arose from a transaction involving the sale of equity in a Texas-based dental practice management company to a Chicago-based private equity firm. At issue was whether the purchasers' ability to raise the foru...
				



Korn v. State of Delaware Auditor of Accounts R. Thomas Wagner, Jr.

					
											 


Date:  September 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6149-VCN
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Plaintiff, a Delaware taxpayer, asserted claims against defendant, the State of Delaware Auditor of Accounts, for claims related to defendant's alleged noncompliance with 29 Del. C. 2906(f), which stated, in part, that t...
				



Showell v. William H. Pusey, Richard H. Hatter and Robert M. Hoyt & Co., LLC

					
											 


Date:  September 1, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 3970-VCG
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This matter involved the interpretation of a limited liability company operating agreement. Petitioner (Showell) was a member of an accounting firm (Hoyt) and respondents (Pusey and Hatter) were the remaining members of...
				



Naughty Monkey LLC v. MarineMax Northeast LLC



Date:  August 31, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5095-VCN
								
									


DFG Wine Company, LLC v. Eight Estates Wine Holdings, LLC



Date:  August 31, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6110-VCN
								
									


In re Novell, Inc. Shareholder Litigation



Date:  August 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6032-VCN
								
									


Moore v. Davis, et al.

					
											 


Date:  August 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 4377-VCG
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This matter came before the court on a Petition for Partition of a five acre parcel of land. The property had been sold by a Trustee, the Trustee's Return had been accepted, and the proceeds of the sale had been placed i...
				



In the Matter of Beulah Williams, a Disabled Person



Date:  August 25, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CM 04193-N-VCL
								
									


Judy v. Preferred Communication Systems, Inc., et al.



Date:  August 19, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 4662-VCL
								
									


Smart Home, Inc. v. Selway, et al.

					
											 


Date:  August 15, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6778-VCG
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Plaintiff alleged that defendant had a personal bank account at Fulton Financial Corporation (Fulton), of which his wife could be a joint holder. Plaintiff sought a temporary restraining order enjoining both defendant an...
				



Solow v. Aspect Resources, LLC, et al.

					
											 


Date:  August 11, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 20397-CS
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This action was dismissed under Rule 41(c) in a March 9, 2011 order. Plaintiff subsequently moved to vacate the court's dismissal under Rule 60(b)(6) on the ground that he did not receive the requisite notice under Rule...
				



BAE Sys. Info. and Elec. Sys. Integration Inc. v. Lockheed Martin Corp.

					
											 


Date:  August 10, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 3099-VCN
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Plaintiff filed a motion seeking approval of its appointment of James Gallagher as its "Designated Consultant" pursuant to the Stipulation and Order for the Production and Exchange of Proprietary Information entered by t...
				



Achaian, Inc. v. Leemon Family LLC, et al.

					
											 


Date:  August 9, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6261-CS
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This case stemmed from a dispute between Omniglow, LLC's three members (Leemon, Holland, and Achaian). At issue was whether one member of a Delaware limited liability company could assign its entire membership interest,...
				



K&K Screw Products, LLC v. Emerick Capital Investments, Inc.



Date:  August 9, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5633-VCP
								
									


Paige Capital Mgmt., LLC, et al. v. Lerner Master Fund, LLC et al.

					
											 


Date:  August 8, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5502-CS
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This case stemmed from a dispute between a hedge fund manager and the hedge fund's seed investor. The central issue was contractual and involved whether the hedge fund manager could use the Gate Provision in the Partners...
				



Sagarra Inversiones, S.L. v. Cementos Portland Valderrivas, S.A., et al.

					
											 


Date:  August 5, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6179-VCN
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This action arose out of the sale of Giant Cement Holding, Inc. (Giant) by defendant Cementos Portland Valderrivas (CPV) to defendant Corporacion Uniland S.A. Sagarra Inversiones, S.L. (Sagarra) challenged the transactio...
				



In the matter of: Jean I. Willey Trust

					
											 


Date:  August 4, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5935-VCG
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This was an action for approval of accounting and termination of a testamentary trust. Jean I. Willey, the testator, had four sons: Todd, Mark, Scott, and Dale. Todd, filed a motion seeking approval of the trust accounti...
				



The Bank of New York Mellon v. Commerzbank Capital Funding Trust II, et al.

					
											 


Date:  August 4, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5580-VCN
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This case arose when Commerzbank agreed to acquire Dresdner Bank in September 2008. As part of the deal, Commerzbank also acquired Dresdner Bank's trust preferred structures, and holders of Dresdner's trust preferred sec...
				



In re Ness Technologies, Inc. Shareholders Litigation

					
											 


Date:  August 3, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6569-VCN
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Plaintiffs, shareholders of Ness Technologies, Inc. (Ness), moved to expedite proceedings in this putative class action, which they filed to enjoin a proposed transaction through which Ness's largest shareholder, Citi Ve...
				



Roseton Ol, LLC, et al. v. Dynegy Holdings Inc.

					
											 


Date:  July 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6689-VCP
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This case arose out of a sale-leaseback transaction that occurred in 2001. On July 10, 2011, the seller-lessees' parent company announced plans for a proposed transaction whereby it would seek a new credit facility and u...
				



Preferred Sands of Genoa, LLC v. Outotec (USA) Inc.

					
											 


Date:  July 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6011-VCN
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Defendant moved to dismiss this action under Court of Chancery Rule 12(b)(1) and 12(b)(3). Plaintiff sought a declaratory judgment regarding the validity of, and specific performance of, a putative settlement agreement,...
				



In the Matter of Trust for Grandchildren of Wilbert L. and Genevieve W. Gore 

					
											 


Date:  July 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 1165-VCN
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This case stemmed from a dispute regarding the distribution formula of an irrevocable trust that Wilbert L. and Genevieve W. Gore set up for the benefit of their grandchildren (Pokeberry Trust). The court held that the O...
				



Conaway v. Hawkins, et al.

					
											 


Date:  July 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 1942-VCN
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This case stemmed from an adverse possession property dispute in Sussex County, Delaware. The court found that petitioners were, by at least 1980, aware of (and, therefore, on notice of) the claims of William Wiggins to...
				



Chartis Specialty Ins. Co. v. LaSalle Bank, et al.

					
											 


Date:  July 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6103-VCN
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This action arose from a final arbitration award made in favor of defendant where plaintiff sought to vacate the award. At issue was whether the Arbitration Award should be filed under seal. Also at issue was whether the...
				



Puig v. Seminole Night Club, LLC, et al.



Date:  July 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5495-VCN
								
									


Frank v. Elgamal

					
											 


Date:  July 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6120-VCN
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Plaintiff brought this lawsuit to challenge the approximately $42.5 million acquisition of American Surgical Holdings, Inc. (American Surgical) by AH Holdings, Inc. Now before the court was plaintiff's interim applicatio...
				



Fuhlendorf v. Isilon Systems, Inc.

					
											 


Date:  July 22, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5772-VCN
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This case arose when plaintiff entered into an agreement with defendant under which he was entitled to advancement of expenses incurred in defending several actions arising out of his employment with defendant (Indemnifi...
				



Service Corporation of Westover Hills v. Guzzetta, et al.

					
											 


Date:  July 21, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 2922-VCP
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This dispute arose from a preliminary injunction preventing defendants from demolishing a house on property they purchased in the Westover Hills Section C housing development and converting it to a grassy play area for t...
				



The Irrevocable Asset Protection Trust of Henry C. Rohlf

					
											 


Date:  July 12, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 4464-VCG
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This matter involved a supposed "asset protection trust" (Henry's trust) settled by and for the benefit of respondent where petitioner, BNY Mellon Trust of Delaware (BNY), held a demand note representing a several hundre...
				



Petroplast Petrofisa Plasticos S.A. v. Ameron Int'l Corp.

					
											 


Date:  July 1, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 4304-VCP
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This action arose from a technology-sharing relationship between plaintiffs and defendant where plaintiffs brought suit against defendant in January 2009 for, among other things, breach of contract based on defendant's a...
				



BAE Sys. Info. and Electonic Sys. Integration Inc. v. Lockheed Martin Corp.

					
											 


Date:  June 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 3099-VCN
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Defendant Lockheed Martin Corporation d/b/a Lockheed Martin STS-Orlando (LMSTS) moved to bifurcate this action into a "Contract Interpretation Phase" and a "Damages Phase," and both LMSTS and plaintiff BAE Systems Inform...
				



Kinexus Representative LLC v. Advent Software, Inc.

					
											 


Date:  June 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 1161-VCN
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Plaintiffs, former shareholders and the representative and attorney-in-fact for all shareholders of Kinexus Corporation (Kinexus), commenced this action asserting claims against Advent Software, Inc. (Advent) for breach...
				



In the Matter of Estate of John L. Webb



Date:  June 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						ROW 147884- NEW STLE
								
									


In re Del Monte Foods Co. Shareholders Litigation

					
											 


Date:  June 27, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6027-VCL
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This case arose when Del Monte Foods Company announced that it had agreed to be acquired by a consortium of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P., Vestar Capital Partners, and Centerview Partners (collectively, Sponsors). A...
				



Overdrive, Inc. v. Baker & Taylor, Inc.

					
											 


Date:  June 17, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5835-CC
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This lawsuit stemmed from a failed venture between OverDrive, Inc. (OverDrive), a leader in the field of digital media distribution, and Baker & Taylor, Inc. (Baker & Taylor), a leading distributor of physical media, whe...
				



Hartsel, et al. v. The Vanguard Group, Inc., et al.

					
											 


Date:  June 15, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5394-VCP
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This case involved a stockholder challenge to the decision of two funds within the Vanguard mutual fund complex to purchase shares of allegedly illegal foreign online gambling businesses that were publicly traded in over...
				



In Re K-Sea Transp. Partners L.P. Unitholders Litigation

					
											 


Date:  June 10, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6544-VCP
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This action was before the court on a motion to expedite regarding a transaction in which a Delaware limited partnership was to be acquired for either cash or a combination of cash and the acquirer's stock. Plaintiff-uni...
				



Goggin v. Vermillion, Inc., et al.

					
											 


Date:  June 3, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6465-VCN
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Plaintiff moved to enjoin the annual stockholders meeting of defendant, which was currently scheduled for June 6, 2011 ("2011 Meeting") and sought declaratory relief regarding the timeliness of shareholder proposals for...
				



In re Cencom Cable Income Partners, L.P.

					
											 


Date:  June 3, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 14634-VCN
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Plaintiffs, limited partners of Cencom Cable Income Partnership, L.P. ("Partnership"), sued defendants over the appraisal and sale of nine cable systems. In this post-trial memorandum opinion, the court addressed not onl...
				



The Ravenswood Investment Co., L.P. v. Winmill, et al.

					
											 


Date:  May 31, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 3730-VCN
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Plaintiff, a significant stockholder in a holding company managed by the individual defendants, alleged, both on behalf of a class and derivatively, breaches of fiduciary duty regarding defendants' adoption of a stock bu...
				



In Re Massey Energy Co. 

					
											 


Date:  May 31, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5430
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Plaintiffs, stockholders in Massey Energy Company ("Massey"), a coal mining corporation with a controversial reputation, sought a preliminary injunction against a Merger Agreement with a mining company, with a good reput...
				



In re Lawson Software, Inc. Shareholder Litigation



Date:  May 27, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6443-VCN
								
									


In the Matter of the Estate of John A. Erdman, Jr.



Date:  May 26, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 3037-MA
								
									


In Re Smurfit-Stone Container Corp. Shareholder Litigation

					
											 


Date:  May 24, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6164-VCP
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: This matter involved a stockholder challenge to a merger in which a third-party strategic aquiror had agreed to merge with the target corporation for consideration valued at $35 per share. Plaintiffs moved for a prelimin...
				



Estate of Esther Bellini - Annette Wallace v. Charles Bellini



Date:  May 16, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 3106-MA
								
									


Case Financial, Inc. v. Eric Alden



Date:  May 11, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 1184-VCP
								
									


IMO: William J. Link Estate



Date:  May 5, 2011
Docket Number:  
						ROW 292-S
								
									


Paige Capital Mgmt., LLC, et al. v. Lerner Master Fund, LLC, et al.

					
											 


Date:  May 5, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5502-VCS
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Plaintiffs, the manager of a hedge fund, sent a heated letter to defendants, plaintiffs' sole outside investor, in which the manager made statements about what the manager would do if the investor did not surrender to th...
				



Liberty Media Corp, et al. v. The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A.

					
											 


Date:  April 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5702-VCL
								
											
Justia Opinion Summary: Plaintiffs, and its wholly owned subsidiary, proposed to split off as a new publicly traded company ("SplitCo") the businesses, assets, and liabilities attributed to plaintiffs' Capital Group and Starz Group (the "Capita...
				



Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority v. Rubin, et al.



Date:  April 29, 2011
Docket Numbers:  
						CA 6323-VCN, CA 6335-VCN, CA 6339-VCN, CA 6346-VCN, CA 6361-VCN
								
									


New Orleans Employers - International Longshoremen's Association, AFL-CIO Pension Fund v. Rubin, et al.



Date:  April 29, 2011
Docket Numbers:  
						CA 6323-VCN, CA 6335-VCN, CA 6339-VCN, CA 6346-VCN, CA 6361-VCN
								
									


New Orleans Employees' Retirement System v. Rubin, et al.



Date:  April 29, 2011
Docket Numbers:  
						CA 6323-VCN, CA 6335-VCN, CA 6339-VCN, CA 6346-VCN, CA 6361-VCN
								
									


Erie County Employees Retirement System v. Rubin, et al.



Date:  April 29, 2011
Docket Numbers:  
						CA 6323-VCN, CA 6335-VCN, CA 6339-VCN, CA 6346-VCN, CA 6361-VCN
								
									


Delaware County Employees' Retirement Fund v. Rubin, et al.



Date:  April 29, 2011
Docket Numbers:  
						CA 6323-VCN, CA 6335-VCN, CA 6339-VCN, CA 6346-VCN, CA 6361-VCN
								
									


DFG Wine Company, LLC v. Eight Estates Wine Holdings, LLC



Date:  April 18, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6110-VCN
								
									


Encite LLC v. Soni, et al.



Date:  April 15, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 2476-CC
								
									


Frank C. Whittington, II v. Dragon Group LLC, et al.



Date:  April 15, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 2291-VCP
								
									


Abington Savings Bank v. Open Solutions, Inc.



Date:  April 13, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6329-VCN
								
									


In re Answers Corporation Shareholders Litigation



Date:  April 13, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6170-VCN
								
									


In Re Answers Corporation Shareholders Litigation



Date:  April 11, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6170-VCN
								
									


Meso Scale Diagnostics, LLC, et al. v. Roche Diagnostics GMBH, et al.



Date:  April 8, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5589-VCP
								
									


Glickenhaus & Co. v. Lehman Brothers Real Estate Associates II, L.P.



Date:  April 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5978-VCN
								
									


Norino Properties, LLC v. Mayor and Town Council of the Town of Ocean View, Delaware



Date:  March 31, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 3998-MG
								
									


Opportunity Partners L.P., et al. v. BlackRock New York Municipal Bond Trust, et al.



Date:  March 30, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6255-VCN
								
									


In re Allion Healthcare Inc. S'holders Litig.



Date:  March 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5022-CC
								
									


Fletcher International, Ltd. v. Ion Geophysical Corporation, et al.



Date:  March 29, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5109-VCS
								
									


In re Emerson Radio Shareholder Derivative Litigation



Date:  March 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 3392-VCL
								
									


Branson v. Branson



Date:  March 21, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 681-VCN
								
									


Ernesto Espinoza v. Hewlett-Packard Company



Date:  March 17, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6000-VCP
								
									


Delaware Elevator, Inc., et al. v. Williams, et al.



Date:  March 16, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5596-VCL
								
									


Ocie Bernstein v. Carol B. Lovett



Date:  March 11, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 3728-MA
								
									


S. Muoio & Co. LLC v. Hallmark Entertainment, et al.



Date:  March 9, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 4729-CC
								
									


Louisiana Municipal Police Employees Retirement System v. Morgan Stanley & Co., Inc.



Date:  March 4, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5682-VCL
								
									


In Re Atheros Communications, Inc.



Date:  March 4, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6124-VCN
								
									


Grunstein v. Silva



Date:  March 2, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 3932-VCN
								
									


William A. Newsom and Khalid Horne v. Joseph R. Biden, III, et al.



Date:  February 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5247
								
									


Corkscrew Mining Ventures, Ltd. v. Preferred Real Estate Investments, Inc. f/k/a Preferred Unlimited, Inc.



Date:  February 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 4601-VCP
								
									


Steven M. Mizel Roth IRA v. Laurus U.S. Fund, L.P.



Date:  February 25, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5566-VCN
								
									


Elaine Mickman v. American International Processing, LLC, et al.



Date:  February 23, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 4368-VCP
								
									


Montgomery v. Tueros



Date:  February 23, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6152-VCN
								
									


Olson v. ev3, Inc., et al.



Date:  February 21, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5583-VCL
								
									


Sanders v. Ohmite Holding, LLC



Date:  February 21, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5145-VCL
								
									


Naughty Monkey LLC v. MarineMax Northeast LLC



Date:  February 17, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5095-VCN
								
									


Allan Wagamon, et al v. David B. Dolan, et al.



Date:  February 17, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5594
								
									


Pharmaceutical Product Development, Inc. v. TVM Life Science Ventures VI, L.P., et al.



Date:  February 16, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5688-VCS
								
									


Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. v. Airgas, Inc., et al. and In re Airgas Inc. S'holder Litig.



Date:  February 15, 2011
Docket Numbers:  
						CA 5249-CC, CA 5256, CA 5256-CC, CA amp
								
									


In re Del Monte Foods Company Shareholders Litigation



Date:  February 14, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6027-VCL
								
									


Frank C. Whittington, II v. Dragon Group LLC



Date:  February 11, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 2291-VCP
								
									


Vianix Delaware LLC v. Nuance Communications, Inc.



Date:  February 9, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 3801-VCP
								
									


Lola Cars International Limited v. Krohn Racing, LLC, et al.



Date:  February 8, 2011
Docket Numbers:  
						CA 4479-VCN, CA 4886-VCN
								
									


Lola Cars International Limited v. Krohn Racing, LLC, et al.



Date:  February 8, 2011
Docket Numbers:  
						CA 4479-VCN, CA 4886-VCN
								
									


Techmer Accel Holdings, LLC v. Amer



Date:  February 8, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 4905-VCN
								
									


Snug Harbor Condominium Council v. Sullivan, Trustee



Date:  February 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5915-CC
								
									


Wimbledon Fund LP - Absolute Return Fund Series v. SV Special Situations Fund LP



Date:  February 4, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 4780-VCS
								
									


June Pennewill, as Executrix & Personal Administrator of the Estate of Frances M. Harris v. Douglas Harris



Date:  February 4, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 3229-MG
								
									


KFC National Council and Advertising Cooperative, Inc. v. KFC Corporation



Date:  January 31, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5191-VCS
								
									


Grunstein, et al. v. Silva, et al.



Date:  January 31, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 3932-VCN
								
									


Reid v. Siniscalchi, et al.



Date:  January 31, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 2874-VCN
								
									


Chartis WarrantyGuard, Inc. v. National Electronics Warranty, LLC



Date:  January 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5764-VCP
								
									


CNL-AB LLC v. Eastern Property Fund I SPE (MS REF) LLC



Date:  January 28, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6137-VCP
								
									


Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. v. Airgas, Inc., et al. and In re Airgas, Inc. S'holder Litig.



Date:  January 24, 2011
Docket Numbers:  
						CA 5249-CC, CA 5256, CA 5256-CC, CA amp
								
									


Direct Capital Corp. v. Ultrafine Technologies, Inc., et al.



Date:  January 21, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 6139-CC
								
									


Reis v. Hazelett Strip-Casting Corporation, et al.



Date:  January 21, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 3552-VCL
								
									


Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. v. Airgas, Inc., et al. and In re Airgas, Inc. S'holder Litig.



Date:  January 20, 2011
Docket Numbers:  
						CA 5249-CC, CA 5256, CA 5256-CC, CA amp
								
									


Laura A. Lavi v. Wideawake Deathrow Entertainment, LLC



Date:  January 18, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5779-VCS
								
									


In re John Q. Hammons Hotels Inc. S'Holder Litig.



Date:  January 14, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 758-CC
								
									


Donegal Mutual Ins. Co., et al. v. Progressive Northern Ins. Co.



Date:  January 14, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5049-CC
								
									


Great-West Investors LP v. Thomas H. Lee Partners, L.P., et al.



Date:  January 14, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5508-VCN
								
									


Ashley Adams v. Calvarese Farms Maintenance Corp.



Date:  January 13, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 4262-VCP
								
									


The Peninsula-Delaware Conference of the United Methodist Church v. Short, et al.



Date:  January 12, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 5880-VCL
								
									


Jerry C Gould, Sr v. Jay Stephen Gould



Date:  January 7, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 3332-VCP
								
									


In the Matter of Trust for Grandchildren of Wilbert L. and Genevieve W. Gore dated April 14, 1972



Date:  January 6, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 1165-VCN
								
									


In the Matter of Trust for Grandchildren of Wilbert L. and Genevieve W. Gore dated April 14, 1972



Date:  January 5, 2011
Docket Number:  
						CA 1165-VCN
								
									




		The opinions published on Justia State Caselaw are sourced from individual state court sites.
		These court opinions may not be the official published versions, and you should check your local court rules before citing to them. 
		We make no warranties or guarantees about the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of the information contained on this site, 
		or the information linked to on the state site.
	
 








Ask a Lawyer





Question:



Add details
120



Additional Details: 




                        1000
                    



                Ask Question
            




Find a Lawyer












Lawyers - Get Listed Now!
Get a free directory profile listing



 



                 
                                        Subscribe to Justia's Free Summaries 
                    of Delaware Court of Chancery opinions. 
                 
            

                Subscribe Now
            


 





            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions












C.A. No. 6148-MA. | BESSEMER TRUST COMPANY OF... | Leagle.com











































Menu





Home
Featured Lawyers
Featured Decisions
Latest Decisions
Browse Decisions
Advanced Search



















LAWYER LOGIN








Home
Browse Decisions
BESSEMER TRUST COMPANY OF DELAWARE v. WILSON



					 
				




								BESSEMER TRUST COMPANY OF DELAWARE v. WILSON
							

Email  | 
								Print  |
								Comments (0)



									C.A. No. 6148-MA.
								




View Case
Cited Cases






BESSEMER TRUST COMPANY OF DELAWARE, N.A., as trustee of the two trusts created under agreement dated April 29, 1991, Plaintiff,
v.
LILI M. WILSON and WILLIAM A. WILSON, JR., as Co-Personal Representatives of the Estate of Scott Patrick Wilson, Defendants,
JOHN B. GOODMAN, Nominal Defendant, And
JEFFREY S. GODDESS, as Guardian Ad Litem, Nominal Defendant, Intervenor.


Court of Chancery of Delaware.
Submitted: June 10, 2011.
Decided: September 28, 2011.








Attorney(s) appearing for the Case
 Peter S. Gordon, Esq. ,  Robert A. Penza, Esq. ,  Christopher M. Coggins, Esq. , GORDON, FOURNARIS & MAMMARELLA, P.A., Wilmington, Delaware; Attorneys for Plaintiffs.
 W. Donald Sparks, II, Esq. ,  Chad M. Sandler, Esq. ,  Beth A. Knight, Esq. , RICHARDS LAYTON & FINGER, P.A., Wilmington, Delaware; Attorneys for Defendant John B. Goodman.
 Jeffrey S. Goddess, Esq. , ROSENTHAL MONHAIT & GODDESS, P.A., Wilmington, Delaware; Guardian Ad Litem, Nominal Defendant, Intervenor.





MEMORANDUM OPINION
PARSONS, Vice Chancellor.
On February 12, 2010, John B. Goodman allegedly ran through a stop sign resulting in the death of Scott Patrick Wilson (the "Decedent"), a recent college graduate. The Decedent's parents, Lili M. Wilson and William A. Wilson, Jr. (the "Wilsons"), brought a wrongful death action against Goodman in the Circuit Court of the 15th Judicial Circuit in and for Palm Beach County, Florida (the "Florida Court") on July 30, 2010 (the "Florida Action"). As part of that dispute, the Wilsons have sought to discover information regarding two trusts, collectively known as the JBG Children's 1991 Trust (the "1991 Trusts"), that Goodman and his ex-wife, Isla Reckling Goodman ("Carroll Goodman"), created on April 29, 1991 for the benefit of their children, Harriet and John, Jr. (the "Beneficiaries"). Bessemer Trust Company of Delaware, N.A. ("Bessemer") was declared trustee of the 1991 Trusts on February 17, 2011 in a separate action before this Court (the "First Delaware Action").
Bessemer filed this present action on January 25, 2011 (the "Second Delaware Action"), seeking to confirm that Goodman has no beneficial interest in the 1991 Trusts and that, therefore, the Wilsons should not be permitted to depose Bessemer employees in Delaware or Florida or otherwise obtain records of, or confidential information about, those trusts. On February 3, 2011, the Florida Court issued an order requiring Goodman to produce certain documents regarding the 1991 Trusts. The Wilsons rescinded their notice of deposition to the Bessemer employee in Delaware on February 7 (presumably to avoid the jurisdiction of this Court), but proceeded to depose two former Bessemer employees in Florida on February 24 and March 3, 2011. On April 12, Bessemer filed a Motion and Proposed Order for a Rule to Show Cause in this action that would direct the Wilsons to appear before this Court and state why it should not enter a declaratory judgment indicating that: (1) this Court continues to accept jurisdiction over the 1991 Trusts; (2) the 1991 Trusts are irrevocable; (3) Goodman is not a beneficiary of the 1991 Trusts; and (4) the Wilsons are not entitled to discovery of confidential financial information from Bessemer concerning the 1991 Trusts.
On April 18, 2011, Master in Chancery Kim Ayvazian issued a Final Report and Order (the "Master's Report") staying the proceedings in this Court "in favor of the Florida Action pending a decision by the Florida Court on the discovery issue before it."1 Bessemer timely filed exceptions to the Master's Report.
I carefully have reviewed de novo the pleadings and other submissions in this case.
I also have held a telephone conference with and heard oral argument by counsel for the plaintiff, Bessemer, the nominal defendant Goodman, and the Guardian Ad Litem for the Beneficiaries, Jeffrey S. Goddess, Esq. The Wilsons have not filed any papers in this action or formally participated in any of the proceedings to date. After the argument, Bessemer voluntarily deleted its fourth request for declaratory relief, which pertained to discovery, and revised its Proposed Order for a Rule to Show Cause to narrow its scope to encompass only its request for declaratory judgments as to the first three issues identified above. Based on these developments and for the reasons discussed in this Memorandum Opinion, I conclude that the stay should be lifted and the revised Rule to Show Cause should issue.
I. FACTUAL BACKGROUND
A. The Parties
Plaintiff, Bessemer, is the successor trustee of the 1991 Trusts as confirmed in the First Delaware Action.
Defendants, the Wilsons, are the parents of the Decedent and co-personal representatives of their son's estate (the "Wilson Estate"). They are the plaintiffs in the Florida Action.
Nominal Defendant Goodman and his ex-wife, Carroll Goodman, are the trustors of the 1991 Trusts.2 Goodman is a defendant in the Florida Action.
Nominal Defendant Goddess is an attorney at Rosenthal, Monhait & Goddess, P.A. He was appointed Guardian Ad Litem to the Beneficiaries of the 1991 Trusts by Master Ayvazian in the First Delaware Action.
B. The Facts
The 1991 Trusts were created in Texas by Goodman and Carroll Goodman (collectively the "Trustors") by agreement (the "1991 Trust Agreement") on April 29, 1991 for the benefit of their future children. The present beneficiaries of the trusts are the Trustors' two children, Harriett Goodman ("Harriett") born July 20, 1995 and John B. Goodman, Jr. ("John, Jr.") born on July 5, 1998. The 1991 Trust Agreement states that Goodman has no beneficial rights in the 1991 Trusts, that no distribution shall be made to the Trustors,3 and that the 1991 Trusts are irrevocable.4 The 1991 Trust Agreement provides for separate trusts for each child. Each trust contains a total of about $200 million, about $70 million in marketable securities and another approximately $130 million in alternative-type investments. Bessemer was appointed trustee of the 1991 Trusts on May 29, 2009, as confirmed by the Master in the First Delaware Action. Goodman and Carroll Goodman agreed by letter dated July 25, 2010 that the trusts would be subject to the jurisdiction of the Delaware Court of Chancery and that, thereafter, Delaware law would govern the administration of the trusts.5
Goodman reportedly has personal assets of approximately $11 million.6 Goodman's father, Harold V. Goodman, founded Goodman Manufacturing Company in 1982. Goodman Manufacturing allegedly is now the second largest manufacturer of air conditioning and heating equipment in the United States. In 2004, the Goodman family sold Goodman Manufacturing for an estimated $1.45 billion dollars.7 The 1991 Trusts, as well as various other Goodman family trusts, received a portion of the sales proceeds.8
In the Florida Action, the Wilsons allege that on February 12, 2010, Goodman was driving under the influence, ran a stop sign, and crashed into a car driven by the 23-year-old Decedent. The Decedent's car was propelled into a nearby canal and was submerged by the time police arrived. The Decedent was found dead inside. The cause of death was drowning. Goodman, who allegedly made no effort to rescue the Decedent or to contact authorities, was treated at a nearby hospital for minor injuries and released.
These allegations have resulted in the Florida Action being a highly-publicized wrongful death action. The Wilsons are seeking punitive damages, among other forms of relief. Comments their counsel has made to the media accusing Goodman of "hiding" his assets and claiming that he has free use of the 1991 Trusts9 suggest that the Wilsons will try to invade those trusts. Indeed, the Wilsons have sought and apparently obtained at least some discovery in the Florida Action regarding the 1991 Trusts and the balances in them.
Goodman objected to the Wilsons' discovery requests, and the Florida Court heard argument on his objection on November 2, 2010. In an Order dated November 12, 2010 (the "Florida Order"), the Florida Court largely sustained Goodman's objection, but required him to produce a redacted version of the 1991 Trust Agreement. The Florida Order states, in relevant part:
The value of assets of Mr. Goodman's family members cannot be included in Mr. Goodman's net worth for consideration by the jury unless Mr. Goodman has a right to obtain those assets . . . . [A]n irrevocable trust over which Mr. Goodman has no rights has no bearing on the net worth of Mr. Goodman.10
On December 6 and 7, 2010, the Wilsons served subpoenas for depositions duces tecum on two Bessemer employees—the Principal and Senior Resident Officer of Bessemer, George W. Kern V, and the former relationship manager of the Palm Beach Office of Bessemer Trust Company of Florida, David Dary. This discovery further demonstrates the Wilsons' interest in the 1991 Trusts.
The Florida Court conducted another hearing on January 10, 2011, after the Wilsons requested the production of additional financial documents purportedly related to the net worth and financial resources of Goodman. In a ruling issued on February 3, 2011, Circuit Court Judge Glenn D. Kelley summarized the parties' positions as follows:
The gravamen of [the Wilsons'] position is that Mr. Goodman must be worth more than his personal financial records show and that he is part of a "Goodman family enterprise" that is adept at hiding assets. The Plaintiffs' primary support for this assertion comes from: 1) Mr. Goodman's spending habits over the past 6 years; 2) the reported sale of Goodman Global Holdings in 2004 for more than a billion dollars; and 3) the allegedly unexplained ownership of property by the trust established for the benefit of Mr. Goodman's children.
Mr. Goodman's response, through counsel, is that there is no mystery to his current financial status or to the distribution of his share of Goodman Global Holdings. He admits to spending more than he makes. Indeed, rather than support the Plaintiffs' suspicions, Mr. Goodman points to his spending — together with a divorce and a bad economy — for his declining net worth.
* * * *
Finally, as to the children's trust, Mr. Goodman asserts that the trust's assets are managed independently and that any transactions with the trust are arms-length. Mr. Goodman also maintains that the trust instrument itself is clear and does not grant him rights with respect to the trust's assets or with respect to the control of the trust.11
Judge Kelley further stated that:
[I]t is unlikely that any of the Trust's assets can be considered by a jury in determining the net worth of Mr. Goodman. At least based on the clear wording of the Agreement, Mr. Goodman maintains no control over the Trust, and has no interest in the corpus or income of the Trust. The Trust is also clearly irrevocable.12
Nevertheless, the Florida court allowed limited discovery of the 1991 Trusts including tax returns, balance sheets, and income statements going back seven years, noting that "the use of Trust assets by Mr. Goodman, together with the interrelated business transactions between the Trust and Mr. Goodman, are enough to invoke the lower standard [of relevance] applicable to discovery."13
Thereafter, the Wilsons served another subpoena duces tecum for the deposition of a Bessemer Florida employee, Brandon Reid, for March 3, 2011. On March 1, the Wilsons filed an amended re-notice for Reid's deposition, requesting additional documents that Bessemer contends contain confidential information related to the 1991 Trusts and exceed the scope of the February 3, 2011 Florida Order.14
While these discovery disputes were being litigated in Florida, Master Ayvazian appointed Mr. Goddess as Guardian Ad Litem for the 1991 Trust Beneficiaries on February 15, 2011. In addition, the Master entered a Stipulated Order confirming Bessemer's appointment as trustee of the 1991 Trusts and accepting jurisdiction over those trusts.
C. Procedural History
Bessemer initiated this Second Delaware Action on January 25, 2011, seeking a declaratory judgment under 10 Del. C. § 6504 that the 1991 Trusts are irrevocable, that Goodman is not a beneficiary, and that the Wilsons are not entitled to discover confidential financial information from Bessemer concerning the 1991 Trusts. In its Complaint, Bessemer also requested that the subpoenas issued by the Wilsons to Kern and Dary either be declared defective and unenforceable or be quashed to protect the Trusts' confidential information. Alternatively, Bessemer requested that a protective order be entered precluding or restricting the requested discovery based on undue burden and expense.
On March 11, 2011, Goodman responded to Bessemer's Complaint and admitted that the 1991 Trusts are irrevocable and he is not a beneficiary. Goodman also supported Bessemer's assertion that the Wilsons are not entitled to discover confidential financial information from Bessemer concerning the 1991 Trusts. As Defendants, the Wilsons were served with a Summons and the Complaint in February 2011, but have not yet filed a response.
On April 12, 2011, Bessemer moved for a rule to show cause directed to the Wilsons as to why a default judgment should not be entered in Bessemer's favor. In particular, Bessemer sought entry of a judgment: (1) reaffirming this Court's jurisdiction over the 1991 Trusts; (2) declaring those Trusts irrevocable; (3) declaring that Goodman is not a beneficiary of the 1991 Trusts; and (4) declaring that the Wilsons are not entitled to discovery of confidential financial information from Bessemer concerning the 1991 Trusts. On April 18, the Master issued the Master's Report in which she decided sua sponte to stay this Second Delaware Action pending the decision of the Florida Court in the Florida Action. The Master based her decision on the McWane15 doctrine, which allows a Delaware court to stay an action "when there is a prior action pending elsewhere, in a court capable of doing prompt and complete justice, involving the same parties and the same issues . . . ."16
The Master reasoned that: (1) the Florida Action was initiated six months before this action; (2) the Florida Court is capable of providing prompt and complete justice as evidenced by the fact that it already had had two hearings, each followed by a written decision; (3) the parties in the Florida Action are substantially the same as the parties in the Second Delaware Action in that Goodman's interests appear to be aligned with those of Bessemer in resisting discovery of confidential financial information of the 1991 Trusts; and (4) the issues presented in the Delaware Action are the same or substantially the same as those presented in the Florida Action. The Master therefore concluded that the McWane doctrine applied and that "[a] stay of proceedings in Delaware would avoid a wasteful duplication of time, effort and expense and the possibility of inconsistent and conflicting rulings and judgments and an unseemly race by each party to trial and judgment in the forum of its choice."17
Bessemer and Goodman timely filed notices of exceptions to the Master's Report on April 21, 2011 and April 25, 2011, respectively. Goddess, as Guardian Ad Litem, moved to intervene on April 26, and I later granted that motion. In support of its exceptions to the stay, Bessemer argues that the Master exceeded her authority in staying the action sua sponte pending resolution of the Florida Action, erred in her application of the McWane doctrine, and improperly denied Bessemer its choice of forum.18
During a teleconference with the Court on May 10, 2011, Bessemer withdrew the fourth issue in its Motion for Rule to Show Cause, which sought a declaration that the Wilsons are not entitled to discovery of confidential financial information from Bessemer regarding the 1991 Trusts. Bessemer confirmed its withdrawal of that aspect of its motion at oral argument on June 10, 2011 and again by letter that same day. Accordingly, the only issues remaining before me are whether to lift the stay and to order a rule to show cause as to why this Court should not reaffirm its jurisdiction over the 1991 Trusts, declare the trusts irrevocable, and declare that Goodman is not a beneficiary of the trusts.
In accordance with Court of Chancery Rule 144, I have reviewed de novo the evidence and arguments presented with respect to the issues decided in the Master's Report. For the reasons stated in this Memorandum Opinion, I am vacating the stay and entering the requested rule to show cause.
II. ANALYSIS
The standard of review in this Court as to a Master's findings of facts and conclusions of law is de novo under Rule 144. In reviewing the Master's Report, I have considered the pleadings and other papers filed by Bessemer, Goodman, and Goddess in this action. I also have reviewed a number of documents filed in the First Delaware Action and the Florida Action.
A. Actual Case or Controversy
As a threshold matter, I raise sua sponte the question of whether there is an actual case or controversy here sufficient to support the issuance of a declaratory judgment. Absent a convincing argument by the Wilsons to the contrary, I am satisfied that Bessemer has demonstrated the existence of an actual case or controversy and that granting the relief Bessemer seeks will not amount to rendering an advisory opinion.
An "actual case or controversy" is a dispute: (1) that involves the rights or other legal relations of the party seeking the declaratory relief; (2) in which the claim of right or other legal interest is asserted against one who has an interest in contesting the claim; (3) between parties whose interests are real and adverse; and (4) where the issue involved is ripe for determination.19 The first two of those elements plainly are met here. Bessemer, as a Delaware trustee, is obligated to protect the rights and interests associated with the 1991 Trusts for which it is responsible. And, the Wilsons, against whom this claim has been filed, have manifested an interest in attempting to invade those trusts by, for example, their efforts to include the 1991 Trusts in Goodman's assets for the purpose of determining punitive damages in the Florida Action.
In addition, the parties' interests appear to be real and adverse as evidenced by the Wilsons' discovery requests in the Florida Action directed toward the 1991 Trusts. Goodman's own net worth reportedly is around $11 million. If the Wilsons succeed in including the value of the 1991 Trusts in Goodman's assets for the purpose of determining punitive damages in the Florida Action, such damages foreseeably could exceed Goodman's net worth and leave the 1991 Trusts susceptible to an action to invade them in connection with the Wilsons' efforts to enforce any resulting judgment. Bessemer clearly has a real interest in opposing the Wilsons' efforts in that regard. A declaration by this Court as to the nature of the trusts presumably will help clarify this issue and benefit the Florida Action.
Fourth, the fairly limited requests in Bessemer's revised Motion for Rule to Show Cause are sufficiently ripe for review by this Court. The standard for ripeness is one of common sense and includes, "a practical evaluation of the legitimate interest of the plaintiff in a prompt resolution of the question presented and the hardship that further delay may threaten . . . ."20 This Court also may consider, among other things, whether factual developments in the future might affect the determination to be made.21
Bessemer has a legitimate interest as the trustee of the 1991 Trusts in protecting the interests of those trusts and the Beneficiaries of them. The ongoing litigation in Florida threatens to encroach upon the interests of the trusts and their Beneficiaries. The exigency of Bessemer's concern is evidenced by the Wilsons' persistent efforts to discover confidential information regarding the 1991 Trusts in the Florida Action. The pending motion, as revised, no longer seeks to limit or restrict such discovery in any way. Therefore, some of the concerns that motivated the stay ordered by the Master have been alleviated. By contrast, a delay in providing relief in this action could deny Bessemer its choice of forum and deprive the Florida Court of useful information regarding issues likely to come before it, if only indirectly, regarding the 1991 Trusts. Furthermore, the facts relevant to making a determination as to the issues now before me have been long established, are not dependent on any pending decisions of the Florida Court, and are not otherwise likely to change.
For all of these reasons, I hold that Bessemer's claims for relief present an actual case or controversy sufficient to support a justiciable claim for relief under the Delaware Declaratory Judgment Act.22
B. McWane Doctrine
The Master relied on the McWane doctrine in ordering a stay. Under McWane, a court may exercise its discretion freely to stay an action "when there is a prior action pending elsewhere, in a court capable of doing prompt and complete justice, involving the same parties and the same issues . . . ."23 Although the McWane doctrine may have supported staying this action in favor of the Florida Action when the Master issued her report, I conclude that a stay is no longer warranted based on the changed circumstances currently before me.24 A major aspect of the relief originally sought by Bessemer here was a declaratory judgment that the Wilsons are not entitled to discover confidential information from Bessemer concerning the 1991 Trusts. The overlap between that aspect of the relief sought in this Second Delaware Action and certain issues that actively were being litigated in the Florida Action appear to have figured prominently in the Master's decision to stay this action in favor of the Florida Action. Since the filing of the Master's Report, however, Bessemer has withdrawn its request for an order precluding or restricting discovery being sought as to the 1991 Trusts in connection with the Florida Action. Thus, that justification for the stay is now moot. The question before me, therefore, is whether this Court should continue the stay imposed by the Master as to Bessemer's remaining claims, which seek a declaratory judgment: "A. Reaffiming the jurisdiction of this Court over the 1991 Trusts; B. Declaring that the 1991 Trusts are irrevocable; and C. Declaring that John B. Goodman is not a beneficiary of the 1991 Trusts."25
As to that question, I conclude that the stay should be lifted and the requested rule to show cause should issue and be served on the Wilsons. Because Bessemer has narrowed significantly the scope of relief that it seeks, the McWane doctrine no longer supports a stay. First, the parties in the Florida Action and this action are not the same. Plaintiff Bessemer is not a party in the Florida Action and several parties named in that action, such as the Palm Beach International Polo Club and the Player's Club Restaurant, are not parties in this case. Second, the issues in the Florida Action and in this action are not the same. The main issue here is whether Goodman has a beneficial interest in the 1991 Trusts that were established for the benefit of his children. By contrast, the main issue before the Florida Court is whether Goodman is liable for the death of the Decedent and, if so, the amount of damages for which he is liable. The Florida Court is not in a position to bind Bessemer, for example, in terms of the declaratory relief Bessemer seeks here regarding this Court's jurisdiction, the irrevocable nature of the 1991 Trusts, and whether Goodman is a beneficiary of those Trusts.26 Accordingly, I conclude that the McWane doctrine does not justify maintaining a stay of this Second Delaware Action pending resolution of the Florida Action.
Furthermore, as to Bessemer's motion for entry of a rule to show cause, there is no good reason to delay further proceedings to address the narrowly focused relief sought by that motion. Issuing the requested rule to show cause will give the Wilsons an opportunity to present their arguments as to why I should not grant Bessemer's proposed declaratory judgments. If they do not object or elect not to appear, such declarations may help to inform the proceedings in the Florida Action and to reduce the number of collateral issues requiring adjudication in the future.
III. CONCLUSION
For the foregoing reasons, I hereby vacate the order staying this action and will proceed to enter a rule to show cause consistent with this Memorandum Opinion, directing the Wilsons to appear before this Court within thirty (30) days and to show why the Court should not grant the relief sought in Bessemer's motion.
IT IS SO ORDERED.


FootNotes 
1. Master's Report, Docket Item ("D.I.") 12, at 11. The Master also required counsel to keep this Court apprised of the proceedings in Florida. Id. at 11 n. 21. Unless otherwise noted, all citations herein to pleadings or other Court filings refer to this Second Delaware Action, Del. Ch. C.A. No. 6148-MA.

2. Goodman and Carroll Goodman were divorced by decree of the Texas District Court for the 257th Judicial District on November 24, 2008.

3. Verified Complaint (the "Complaint") ¶ 11.

4. Id. ¶ 14.

5. Petition for Instruction and Confirmation of Appointment of Trustee, Acceptance of Jurisdiction over Trusts and Creation of Special Holdings Direction Advisor in the First Action ("Pet. in First Del. Action") ¶ 22 n.1, Del. Ch. C.A. No. 5894-MA, D.I. 1. The Petition in the First Delaware Action acknowledges that Texas law will continue to govern the validity and construction of the 1991 Trusts. See id. ¶ 12 and Relief Requested ¶ C.

6. Supp. Letter Mem. from Peter S. Gordon, Esq. in Support of Plaintiff Bessemer's Opening Brief, D.I. 24, at 3.

7. Goodman Family Completes Sale of HVAC Business, All Business, Jan. 1, 2005, http://www.allbusiness.com/construction/specialty-trade-contractors/1033800-1.html; Bessemer's Mot. for Rule to Show Cause ("Mot. for RTSC"), D.I. 11, ¶ 10.

8. Id.

9. See, e.g., Jane Musgrave, Attorneys battle over Polo Club founder's level of wealth, The Palm Beach Post, Aug. 22, 2011, http://www.orlandosentinel.com/news/local/pb-goodman-motion-hearing-20110822,0,3937985.story (last visited Sept. 27, 2011).

10. Compl. ¶ 26.

11. Guardian Ad Litem's Mot. Regarding Guardian's Authorization, D.I. 13, Ex. 2, at 2-3.

12. Id. at 5.

13. Id. at 5-6.

14. Mot. for RTSC ¶ 33.

15. McWane Cast Iron Pipe Corp. v. McDowell-Wellman Eng'g Co., 263 A.2d 281 (Del. 1970).

16. Id. at 283; Citrin Hldgs. LLC v. Cullen, 2008 WL 241615, at *2 (Del. Ch. Jan. 17, 2008) (quotation and footnote omitted); see also In re Advanced Drivers Educ. Prods. & Training, Inc., 1996 WL 487940, at *1 (Del. Ch. Aug. 16, 1996).

17. Master's Report at 4 (quoting McWane, 263 A.2d at 283) (internal citations omitted).

18. Goodman and Goddess, on behalf of the Beneficiaries, have joined in Bessemer's request that the stay be lifted and in the legal arguments it asserted in support of its exceptions to the Master's Report.

19. Rollins Int'l, Inc. v. Int'l Hydronics Corp., 303 A.2d 660, 662-63 (Del. 1973).

20. Schick Inc. v. Amalgamated Clothing & Textile Workers Union, 533 A.2d 1235, 1239 (Del. Ch. 1987).

21. Id.

22. 10 Del. C. §§ 6501-6513.

23. McWane Cast Iron Pipe Corp. v. McDowell-Wellman Eng'g Co., 263 A.2d 281, 283 (Del. 1970).

24. Having reached this conclusion, I need not dilate on Bessemer's threshold argument that the Master exceeded her authority in staying this action sua sponte. I merely note, without deciding, that the Court's referral of a matter to a Master likely includes, at least implicitly, the authority to manage the proceedings before her as the Master deems appropriate. As occurred in this case, any party who objects to the Master's exercise of her discretion in that regard may seek review by the Court.

25. Bessemer's Revised Proposed Form of Order for Rule to Show Cause, D.I. 30, at 2.

26. I also note, however, that Bessemer's motion does not seek a declaration that, for example, the 1991 Trusts are not exposed to the tort creditors of Goodman or that the Trusts' assets are or are not within Goodman's control. To this Court's knowledge, no such issues are ripe for decision at this time. If in the future those or other issues pertaining to a potential effort to invade the 1991 Trusts to collect on a judgment against Goodman become ripe and are brought before this Court, I would expect, in the interests of judicial economy and expedition, to address those issues promptly and directly without referring them to a Master for an initial determination.






Comment



Your Name



Your Email



Comments

1000 Characters Remaining




Leagle.com reserves the right to edit or remove comments but is under no obligation to do so, or to explain individual moderation decisions. 

User Comments









Reply | Flag as Offensive









Listed below are the cases that are cited in this Featured Case. Click the citation to see the full text of the cited case. Citations are also linked in the body of the Featured Case. 
Cited Cases 

No Cases Found





Listed below are those cases in which this Featured Case is cited. Click on the case name to see the full text of the citing case.
Citing Cases 












 







Copyright © 2017, Leagle, Inc.



Disclaimer
 Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
About Us
Contact Us
























 







Bessemer Group Inc. Top Holdings 13F Filings




















































Home
Articles
Latest Filings
All Funds
Stocks Being Bought
Stocks Being Sold
Insider Buying







FREE registration required to continue...

                
                You have viewed 6 pages within the last 6 hours.  To continue, please register at Holdings Channel for unlimited
		page views and our free weekly newsletter, by entering your name and email address below.  Registration is absolutely free.
By registering, you agree to our privacy policy & terms of use.
                
		If you are in Canada, you must click here for alternate registration page.

                

                
                Problems with your registration ''sticking?''  Enable your browser to receive our ''cookie'' to resolve.
                Other questions? Email us at: info@holdingschannel.com


Bessemer Group Inc. Top Holdings 13F Filings | www.HoldingsChannel.com | 
Copyright © 2013 - 2017, All Rights Reserved



Nothing in Holdings Channel is intended to be investment advice, nor does it represent the opinion of, counsel
from, or recommendations by BNK Invest Inc. or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries or partners.  
  None of the information contained herein constitutes a recommendation that any particular security, portfolio,
 transaction, or investment strategy is suitable for any specific person.  All viewers agree that under no
circumstances will BNK Invest, Inc,. its subsidiaries, partners, officers, employees, affiliates, or agents be held
liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on information obtained.  By visiting, using or viewing this site, you 
agree to the following 
Full Disclaimer & Terms of Use and 
Privacy Policy.  Video widget and market videos powered by Market News Video.  Quote and option data delayed at 
least 15 minutes; stock quote data powered by Ticker Technologies, and Mergent. Contact Holdings Channel; Meet Our Editorial Staff.























Bessemer Public New > Home







Bessemer : Home



















































































Client Site






















The experience to meet your family’s complex needs.





















We help you develop an integrated long-term wealth plan that considers multiple aspects of your life.

Developing an Investment Plan
Contemplating your financial future can be daunting — especially if you're thinking about the next 20 years or longer. What do you want to accomplish? Will all your needs be met? Read more
Defining Your Legacy
Ironically, the more wealth one accumulates, the more complicated life can become. Thoughtful planning can help ensure your wealth is a source of satisfaction and opportunity — for you and your family. Read more
Preparing the Next Generation
Raising children with the skills, knowledge, and motivation to be financially independent is a complex task for any parent, but wealthy families face a unique set of challenges. Read more
Engaging in Philanthropy
Charitable giving can be a source of immense personal satisfaction. The possibilities for doing good are limitless, yet it can be difficult to know where to begin or how to make the most of your charitable gifts. Read more
Managing a Family Business
There is an array of strategic alternatives, financing options, and liquidity events available to family business owners. How can you make the best decisions? What are the implications for the family legacy? Read more
Uncovering Tax-Planning Opportunities
Missed tax-saving opportunities can be costly. The challenge of minimizing taxes rests on deciphering the intricate tax code and developing appropriate strategies. Read more
Owning Property
Buying property is often a fulfillment of a dream — as well as an investment opportunity. There are challenges to doing it successfully, including when and how to enter and exit the market. Read more
Structuring and Protecting Assets
Naming the potential risks to your family and property can be uncomfortable. But not taking the steps necessary to minimize your exposure can prove more onerous in the end. Read more
Analyzing Concentrated Holdings
Large single-stock positions can be a powerful means of creating wealth, but without a proper strategy, they can also be a very risky way to maintain it. Read more
Accessing Hedge Funds & Private Equity
These challenging times call for caution, patience, and clear thinking. While not appropriate for all investors,  professionally-managed hedge funds and private equity programs can be an important part of an overall balanced portfolio. Read more



















2016 Annual Report: Working Together 
April 2017











Inflation Checkpoint | Investment Insights 
                July 17, 2017




Lessons from the Peak | Webcast  July 20, 2017





Lessons from the Peak | Quarterly Investment Perspective 
                July 5, 2017











Bitcoin and Blockchain Technology | Investment Insights 
                June 20, 2017




Latin America in Focus as Brazil Stumbles, Venezuela Simmers, and Mexico Rebounds | Investment Insights 
                June 5, 2017




Escalating Tensions with North Korea | Investment Insights 
                April 20, 2017

























VIEW ALL INSIGHTS















Important Notices | Terms of Use     Member FDIC




 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.


















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


