


Jeff Bezos - Wikipedia






















 






Jeff Bezos

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Jeff Bezos



Bezos in 2016



Born
Jeffrey Preston Jorgensen
(1964-01-12) January 12, 1964 (age 53)
Albuquerque, New Mexico, U.S.


Nationality
American


Alma mater
Princeton University


Occupation
Technology and retail entrepreneur and investor


Known for
Founding and leading Amazon.com


Net worth
US$87.2 billion (July 2017)[1]


Spouse(s)
MacKenzie Bezos (m. 1993)[2]


Children
4[3]


Parent(s)



Ted Jorgensen
Jacklyn Bezos[a]
Miguel Bezos (step-father)





Jeffrey Preston "Jeff" Bezos (/ˈbeɪzoʊs/;[4] née Jorgensen; born January 12, 1964) is an American technology and retail entrepreneur, investor, and philanthropist[5] who is best known as the founder, chairman, and chief executive officer of Amazon.com, the world's largest online shopping retailer.[6] The company began as an Internet merchant of books and expanded to a wide variety of products and services, most recently video streaming and audio streaming. Amazon.com is currently the world's largest Internet sales company on the World Wide Web,[7] as well as the world's largest provider of cloud infrastructure services, through its Amazon Web Services arm.[8]
Bezos's other diversified business interests include aerospace and newspapers. He is the founder and manufacturer of Blue Origin (founded in 2000) with test flights to space which started in 2015, and plans for commercial suborbital human spaceflight beginning in 2018.[9] In 2013, Bezos purchased The Washington Post newspaper.[10] A number of other business investments are managed through Bezos Expeditions.
With an estimated net worth of US$87.2 billion as of June 2017,[11] Bezos is currently the second-richest person in the world,[12] just behind fellow American Bill Gates in first place, and just ahead of Warren Buffett and Amancio Ortega in third and fourth place respectively.[13][14]



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Business career

2.1 Early career
2.2 Amazon.com
2.3 Blue Origin
2.4 The Washington Post
2.5 Other investments
2.6 Bezos Expeditions


3 Philanthropy
4 Recognition
5 Criticism
6 Personal life
7 Notes
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



Early life and education[edit]
Bezos was born in 1964 as Jeffrey Preston Jorgensen to Jacklyn (née Gise) and Ted Jorgensen in Albuquerque, New Mexico.[15] His maternal ancestors were settlers who lived in Texas, and over the generations acquired a 25,000-acre (101 km2 or 39 miles2) ranch near Cotulla. As of March 2015[update], Bezos was among the largest landholders in Texas.[16] Bezos's maternal grandfather was a regional director of the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission in Albuquerque. He retired early to the ranch, where Bezos spent many summers as a youth, working with him.[17] At an early age, he displayed mechanical aptitude—as a toddler, he dismantled his crib with a screwdriver.[18]
Bezos's mother Jacklyn was a teenager at the time of his birth. Her marriage to Jorgensen lasted a little more than a year. In April 1968 (when Jeff was 4), she married her second husband, Miguel Bezos, a Cuban who immigrated to the United States alone when he was 15 years old. His family was originally from Villafrechós, a little town in Valladolid (Spain). Miguel Bezos worked his way through the University of New Mexico and married Jacklyn, becoming Jeff Jorgensen's step-father, who had his surname changed to Bezos. After the wedding the family moved to Houston (Texas) and Miguel worked as an engineer for Exxon. The young Jeff attended River Oaks Elementary School in Houston from fourth to sixth grade. As a child, he spent summers working on his grandfather's ranch in southern Texas.[19]
Bezos often displayed scientific interests and technological proficiency; he once rigged an electric alarm to keep his younger siblings out of his room.[20] The family moved to Miami, Florida, where he attended Miami Palmetto High School. While in high school, he attended the Student Science Training Program at the University of Florida, receiving a Silver Knight Award in 1982.[21] He was high school valedictorian[22] and a National Merit Scholar.[23]
Bezos graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Princeton University with Bachelor of Science (B.S.) degrees in electrical engineering and computer science.[24] While at Princeton, he was also elected to Tau Beta Pi. He served as the president of the Princeton chapter of the Students for the Exploration and Development of Space.[25]
Business career[edit]
Early career[edit]
After graduating from Princeton in 1986, Bezos worked on Wall Street in the computer science field.[26] He then worked on building a network for international trade for a company known as Fitel.[27] He next worked at Bankers Trust.[28] Later on he also worked on Internet-enabled business opportunities at the hedge fund company D. E. Shaw & Co.[29]
Amazon.com[edit]
Main article: Amazon.com
Bezos founded Amazon.com in 1994 after making a cross-country drive from New York to Seattle, writing up the Amazon business plan on the way. He initially set up the company in his garage.[30] He had left his well-paying job at a New York City hedge fund after learning "about the rapid growth in Internet use," which coincided with a new U.S. Supreme Court ruling that exempted mail order companies from collecting sales taxes in states where they lack a physical presence."[19]
Bezos is known for his attention to business details. As described by Portfolio.com, he "is at once a happy-go-lucky mogul and a notorious micromanager. ... an executive who wants to know about everything from contract minutiae to how he is quoted in all Amazon press releases."[30]
On August 15, 2015, The New York Times wrote an article entitled "Inside Amazon: Wrestling Big Ideas in a Bruising Workplace" about Amazon's business practices. Bezos responded to his employees with a Sunday memo[31] claiming it did not represent the company he leads and challenged its depiction as "a soulless, dystopian workplace where no fun is had and no laughter heard",[32] and to contact him directly if true.
In May 2016, Bezos sold slightly more than one million shares of his holdings in the company for $671 million, making it the largest amount of money he had ever raised in a sale of his Amazon holdings.[33] On August 4, 2016, he sold another million of his shares at a value of $756.7 million. As of June 19, 2016, Bezos owned 83.9 million shares of Amazon stock,[34] being 16.9% of all shares outstanding, with a market value of $83.9 billion.[35]
Blue Origin[edit]
Main article: Blue Origin
In 2000, Bezos founded Blue Origin, a human spaceflight startup company,[36] partially as a result of his fascination with space travel,[37] including an early interest in developing "space hotels, amusement parks, colonies and small cities for 2 million or 3 million people orbiting the Earth."[22] The company was kept secret for a few years; it became publicly known only in 2006 when it purchased a sizable aggregation of land in west Texas for a launch and test facility.[38] In a 2011 interview, Bezos indicated that he founded the space company to help enable "anybody to go into space" and stated that the company was committed to decreasing the cost and increasing the safety of spaceflight.[39] "Blue Origin is one of several start-ups aiming to open up space travel to paying customers. Like Amazon, the company is secretive, but [in September 2011] revealed that it had lost an unmanned prototype vehicle during a short-hop test flight. Although this was a setback, the announcement of the loss revealed for the first time just how far Blue Origin's team had advanced."[37] Bezos said that the crash was 'not the outcome that any of us wanted, but we're signed up for this to be hard.'"[37] A profile published in 2013 described a 1982 Miami Herald interview he gave after he was named high school class valedictorian. The 18-year-old Bezos "said he wanted to build space hotels, amusement parks and colonies for 2 million or 3 million people who would be in orbit. 'The whole idea is to preserve the earth' he told the newspaper .... The goal was to be able to evacuate humans. The planet would become a park."[40]
In 2013, Bezos reportedly discussed commercial spaceflight opportunities and strategies with Richard Branson, multibillionaire founder of Virgin Group and chairman of Virgin Galactic.[41]
In 2015, Bezos further discussed the motivation for his spaceflight-related business when he announced a new orbital launch vehicle under development for late-2010s first flight. He indicated that his ambitions in space are not location dependent—Mars, Lunar, asteroidal, etc.—"we want to go everywhere, [requiring significantly lower launch costs.] Our number-one opponent is gravity. ... The vision for Blue is pretty simple. We want to see millions of people living and working in space. That's going to take a long time. I think it's a worthwhile goal."[42] In 2016, Bezos opened up the Blue rocket design and manufacturing facility to journalists for the first time, and gave extensive interviews that included an articulation of his vision for space and for Blue Origin. Bezos sees space as being "chock full of resources" and foresees a "Great Inversion" where there will emerge "space commercialization that stretches out for hundreds of years, leading to an era when millions of people would be living and working in space." He sees both energy and heavy manufacturing occurring in space, having the effect of reduced pollution on Earth, in effect reducing the probability that something "bad happens to the Earth."[9] Bezos has said that he is trying to change the fundamental cost structure of accessing space.[43]
On November 23, 2015, Blue Origin's New Shepard space vehicle successfully flew to space, reaching its planned test altitude of 329,839 feet (100.5 kilometers) before executing a vertical landing back at the launch site in West Texas.[44] Blue Origin is in an extensive flight test program of New Shepard which expects to begin carrying "test passengers" in 2017 and initiate commercial flights in 2018.[9] Blue is currently building six of the vehicles to support all phases of testing and operations: no-passenger test flights, flights with test passengers, and commercial-passenger weekly operations.[45]
In June 2016, Bezos reiterated his long term goal to see nearly all heavy-industry manufacturing factories in space as part of a wide-ranging, but rare, interview.[46] In September 2016, he added that he hoped to colonize the solar system.[47] Recently, Bezos also revealed that he was selling about $1 billion in Amazon stock a year to finance his Blue Origin rocket company.[48]
The Washington Post[edit]
On August 5, 2013, Bezos announced his purchase of The Washington Post for $250 million in cash. Amazon.com was not to be involved.[49] "This is uncharted terrain," he told the newspaper, "and it will require experimentation."[49] Shortly after the announcement of intent to purchase, The Washington Post published a long-form profile of Bezos on August 10, 2013.[40] The sale closed on October 1, 2013, and Bezos's Nash Holdings LLC took control.[50]
In March 2014, Bezos made his first significant change at The Washington Post and lifted the online paywall for subscribers of a number of U.S. local newspapers including The Dallas Morning News, the Honolulu Star-Advertiser, and the Minneapolis Star-Tribune.[51] Bezos revealed in 2016 that he conducted no due diligence when accepting the first offer from former Washington Post owner Donald E. Graham.[52]
Other investments[edit]
Bezos was one of the first shareholders in Google, when he invested $250,000 in 1998. That $250,000 investment resulted in 3.3 million shares of Google stock worth about $3.1 billion today.[53][54]
He has also invested in Unity Biotechnology, a life-extension research firm hoping to slow or stop the process of aging.[55]
Bezos Expeditions[edit]
Companies that have been funded at least in part by Bezos Expeditions include (this list is incomplete):[56][57]


Airbnb – sharing economy
Aviary – software (photo editing)
Basecamp – software (project management)
Behance – self-promotion network
Blue Origin – space travel
Business Insider – publishing
Crowdrise – for-profit charitable giving platform
Domo – software (business intelligence)
D-Wave Systems – quantum computing
Everfi[58] – technology for education
Finsphere[59] – software (authentication)
General Assembly – technology education
General Fusion – sustainable energy (nuclear fusion)
Glassybaby – supports cancer patients
Google – google searcher
Juno Therapeutics – cancer biopharmaceuticals
Kongregate – online games
Linden Lab – online games (Second Life)
Lookout – technology (mobile security)
MakerBot Industries – 3D printers
MFG.com – manufacturer direct marketplace
Nextdoor – localized social networking
Pelago – online games
Powerset – natural-language search engine
Pro.com – home services marketplace
Qliance – health care
Rescale – cloud computing simulations
Rethink Robotics[60] – manufacturing robots
Sapphire Energy – sustainable energy (crude oil from algae)
Skytap – cloud computing
Stack Exchange – technology publishing
TeachStreet – search engine to find teachers
Twitter – social networking
Uber – sharing economy
Vessel – subscription video service
Vicarious – artificial intelligence
Workday – software for business
ZocDoc – software (healthcare appointments)


Philanthropy[edit]
In July 2012, Bezos and his wife personally donated $2.5 million to support a same-sex marriage referendum that successfully passed in Washington.[61]
Nonprofit projects funded by Bezos Expeditions include[citation needed]

Bezos Center for Innovation at the Seattle Museum of History and Industry – $10 million[62]
Recovery of two Saturn V first-stage Rocketdyne F-1 engines from the floor of the Atlantic Ocean.[63] They were positively identified as belonging to the Apollo 11 mission's S-1C stage in July 2013.[64]
Bezos Center for Neural Circuit Dynamics at Princeton Neuroscience Institute – $15 million[65]
Bezos Family Foundation, an educational charity.[66] The Foundation is reported being mainly funded by Jeff's parents from their holdings in Amazon as early investors in the enterprise.[67]

The foundation gave $10 million in 2009 and $20 million in 2010 to the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center.[68] Bezos also donated $800,000 to Worldreader, founded by a former Amazon employee.[69]
Recognition[edit]
He was named Time magazine's Person of the Year in 1999.[70] In 2008 he was selected by U.S. News & World Report as one of America's best leaders.[71] Bezos was awarded an honorary doctorate in Science and Technology from Carnegie Mellon University in 2008. In 2011, The Economist gave Bezos and Gregg Zehr an Innovation Award for the Amazon Kindle.[72]
In 2012, Bezos was named Businessperson of The Year by Fortune.[73] He is also a member of the Bilderberg Group and attended the 2011 Bilderberg conference in St. Moritz, Switzerland,[74] and the 2013 conference in Watford, Hertfordshire, England. He was a member of the Executive Committee of The Business Council for 2011 and 2012.[75]
According to Forbes, Bezos is listed in October 2016 as the third wealthiest person in the world, with an estimated net worth of US$72 billion.[76] In 2014, he was ranked the best CEO in the world by Harvard Business Review.[77]
He has also figured in Fortune's list of Fifty great leaders of the world for three straight years, topping the list in 2015.
In September 2016, Bezos was awarded the Heinlein Prize for Advances in Space Commercialization which earned him $250,000. The prize money was donated to the Students for the Exploration and Development of Space by Bezos.[78]
Criticism[edit]
Bezos was named World's Worst Boss by the International Trade Union Confederation (ITUC), at their World Congress, in May 2014. In making the award, Sharan Burrow, general secretary of the ITUC, said "Jeff Bezos represents the inhumanity of employers who are promoting the American corporate model..."[79] An article in The New York Times described working for Bezos and in the offices of Amazon as a grueling and inhumane experience, with many employees regularly being terminated or quitting.[80]
Under Bezos’s direction, Amazon has been criticized as "stingy" in its corporate giving practices.[69][81]
Journalist Shawn McCoy contrasted the philanthropic practices of Amazon and Bezos with the comparatively more generous Microsoft (also based near Seattle) and fellow billionaires Bill Gates[82] and Paul Allen (who in April 2017 personally donated 30 million dollars to help house homeless families in Seattle.[83]) Some found Bezos more akin to Steve Jobs, who was skeptical of philanthropy and made few donations.[84][85]
Personal life[edit]
Bezos and his wife MacKenzie have four children.[40][86] His biological father Ted Jorgensen tried in vain before his 2015 death to contact Jeff and to be acknowledged as his father.[87]
In 2016, Bezos played a Starfleet official in the movie Star Trek Beyond, later joining the cast and crew at a San Diego Comic-Con screening.[88]
Notes[edit]



^ Jacklyn Bezos was born as Jacklyn Gise, changed her name to Jorgensen when she married Ted, and to Bezos when she married Miguel.



References[edit]


^ https://www.forbes.com/profile/jeff-bezos/
^ Bayers, Chip. "The Inner Bezos". Wired. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ "Jeff Bezos Fast Facts". CNN. 2016. Retrieved March 7, 2017. 
^ "Jeff Bezos pronounces his name". The Washington Post. 2009. Retrieved August 17, 2013. 
^ "Jeff Bezos". insidephilanthropy.com. Retrieved April 16, 2017. 
^ "Jeff Bezos: Online Commerce Pioneer". TED. Retrieved August 5, 2013. 
^ Demery, Paul (January 14, 2013). "Bezos: 'I never expected this'". Internet Retailer. Retrieved August 5, 2013. 
^ "Public Cloud Computing Providers". Datamation. April 26, 2017. 
^ a b c Boyle, Alan (March 8, 2016). "Jeff Bezos lifts curtain on Blue Origin rocket factory, lays out grand plan for space travel that spans hundreds of years". GeekWire. Retrieved March 11, 2016. 
^ Farhi, Paul (August 5, 2013). "Washington Post to be sold to Jeff Bezos, the founder of Amazon". The Washington Post. Retrieved August 13, 2013. 
^ "Jeff Bezos". 
^ https://www.forbes.com/sites/noahkirsch/2017/06/16/jeff-bezos-worlds-second-richest-person-following-whole-foods-deal/
^ "Bloomberg Billionaires Index". bloomberg.com. Retrieved April 16, 2017. 
^ "Profile and Net Worth of Jeff Bezos". Forbes.com. Retrieved January 24, 2017. 
^ Robinson, Tom (2009). Jeff Bezos: Amazon.com Architect. ABDO. p. 14. ISBN 978-1-60453-759-8. 
^ Parkhurst, Emily (August 5, 2015). "Jeff Bezos just sold $534 million worth of Amazon stock". Puget Sound Business Journal. Retrieved August 5, 2015. 
^ "Biography and Video Interview of Jeff Bezos at Academy of Achievement". Achievement.org. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ Hof, Robert D. (December 14, 1998). "The torrent of energy behind Amazon". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. Archived from the original on November 17, 2014. Retrieved November 20, 2014. 
^ a b Martinez, Amy; Heim, Kristi (March 31, 2012). "Amazon a virtual no-show in hometown philanthropy". The Seattle Times. Retrieved April 1, 2012. 
^ "Biography and Video Interview of Jeff Bezos at Academy of Achievement". Achievement.org. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ "Miami-Dade Winners". Silver Knight Awards. Archived from the original on November 21, 2008. 
^ a b Martinez, Amy (March 31, 2012). "Amazon.com's Bezos invests in space travel, time". The Seattle Times. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ "Scholars You May Know". NationalMerit.org; retrieved December 16, 2014.
^ McCarthy, Jenna, "Jeff Bezos '86, MacKenzie Bezos '92 donate $15 million," The Daily Princetonian, December 13, 2011, accessed November 22, 2016 from http://www.dailyprincetonian.com/article/2011/12/jeff-bezos-86-mackenzie-bezos-92-donate-15-million
^ "Jeff Bezos Interview – page 6/6 – Academy of Achievement". Achievement.org. April 17, 2008. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ "Tau Beta Pi Leaders and Innovators". The Tau Beta Pi Association. 
^ Bayers, Chip (July 2003). "The Inner Bezos". Wired. 
^ Carlson, Nicholas (March 10, 2011). "The Life And Awesomeness Of Jeff Bezos". Business Insider. 
^ Brad Stone: The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon; Little Brown, October 2013.
^ a b "Top Executive Profiles – Jeffrey P. Bezos". Portfolio.com. Archived from the original on February 4, 2009. 
^ "Full memo: Jeff Bezos responds to brutal NYT story, says it doesn't represent the Amazon he leads - GeekWire". Retrieved August 18, 2015. 
^ Streitfeld, David; Kantor, Jodi (August 17, 2015). "Jeff Bezos Says Amazon Won't Tolerate 'Callous' Management Practices". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved August 18, 2015. 
^ "BEZOS JEFFREY P Insider Trading Transactions". InsiderMole.com. Retrieved July 14, 2016. 
^ http://www.davemanuel.com/net-worth/jeff-bezos/
^ "stock ownership". google.com. Retrieved June 19, 2017. 
^ Boyle, Alan (December 9, 2011). "Blue Origin Revealed". MSNBC. Archived from the original on December 23, 2009. 
^ a b c "Taking the long view: Jeff Bezos, the founder and chief executive of Amazon, owes much of his success to his ability to look beyond the short-term view of things". The Economist. March 3, 2012. Retrieved August 10, 2013. Mr Bezos's willingness to take a long-term view also explains his fascination with space travel, and his decision to found a secretive company called Blue Origin, one of several start-ups now building spacecraft with private funding. 
^ Mangalindan, Mylene (November 10, 2006). "Buzz in West Texas is about Jeff Bezos space craft launch site". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved May 28, 2008. 
^ Levy, Steven (November 13, 2011). "Jeff Bezos Owns the Web in More Ways Than You Think". Wired. Retrieved December 9, 2011. 
^ a b c Whoriskey, Peter (August 12, 2013). "For Jeff Bezos, a new frontier". The Washington Post. Retrieved February 20, 2014. 
^ Veverka, Mark (May 27, 2013). "Unplugged: Richard Branson's otherworldly space quest". USA Today. Retrieved May 28, 2013. 
^ Foust, Jeff (September 15, 2015). "Bezos Not Concerned About Competition, Possible ULA Sale". Space News. Retrieved September 16, 2015. 
^ Berger, Eric (March 10, 2016). "Jeff Bezos says he wants to fly into space "as soon as possible"". Ars Technica. Retrieved March 11, 2016. Bezos: I want to change the whole cost structure of accessing space. 
^ "Historic Rocket Landing (video clip)". Retrieved November 25, 2015. 
^ Foust, Jeff (March 8, 2016). "Blue Origin plans growth spurt this year". SpaceNews. Retrieved March 11, 2016. 
^ Graham, Chris (June 2, 2016). "Factories in space: Amazon founder Jeff Bezos unveils vision for the future". The Telegraph. www.telegraph.co.uk. Retrieved June 4, 2016. 
^ NatureWorldNews (September 27, 2016). "Jeff Bezos: Blue Origin Wants to Colonize the Solar System". Retrieved September 27, 2016. 
^ TheNewYorkTimes (April 5, 2017). "Jeff Bezos Says He Is Selling $1 Billion a Year in Amazon Stock to Finance Race to Space". Retrieved April 8, 2017. 
^ a b Farhi, Paul (August 6, 2013). "Washington Post to be sold to Jeff Bezos". The Washington Post. Retrieved August 5, 2013. 
^ Farhi, Paul (October 1, 2013). "The Washington Post closes sale to Amazon founder Jeff Bezos". The Washington Post.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Luckerson, Victor (March 19, 2014). "Jeff Bezos Makes His First Major Move at the Washington Post". Time. Retrieved February 20, 2016. 
^ "Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos signed the $250 million Washington Post deal with no due diligence". Business Insider. Retrieved March 25, 2016. 
^ Turo, Jay (2009). "The Story of Jeff Bezos' $250,000 Investment into Google in 1998". Growthink. Retrieved February 28, 2017. 
^ Swisher, Kara (2009). "New Yorker: Bezos' Initial Google Investment Was $250K in 1998 Because "I Just Fell in Love With Larry and Sergey"". All Things D. Retrieved February 28, 2017. 
^ Bloom, Ester (March 31, 2017). "Google's co-founders and other Silicon Valley billionaires are trying to live forever". CNBC. Retrieved June 29, 2017. 
^ [1] Archived June 5, 2015, at the Wayback Machine.
^ DEI Creative in Seattle, Washington. "Bezos Expeditions". bezosexpeditions.com. 
^ "EverFi – Critical Skills for Life". everfi.com. 
^ "Home". finsphere.com. Archived from the original on August 1, 2015. 
^ "Rethink Robotics – Advanced Robotics Technology – Collaborative Robots". Rethink Robotics. 
^ Shear, Micheal D. (July 27, 2012). "Amazon's Founder Pledges $2.5 Million in Support of Same Sex Marriage". The New York Times. 
^ "Jeff and MacKenzie Bezos Flip the Switch on New Bezos Center for Innovation at MOHAI, Kicking Off Saturday Launch Celebration". mohai.org. 
^ DEI Creative in Seattle, WA. "F-1 Engine Recovery – Bezos Expeditions". bezosexpeditions.com. 
^ Pearlman, Robert Z. (July 19, 2013). "Rocket Engine Part Recovered by Amazon CEO Has Apollo 11 History". Space.com. New York. Archived from the original on August 10, 2013. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ "Princeton University – Jeff and MacKenzie Bezos donate $15 million to create center in Princeton Neuroscience Institute". princeton.edu. 
^ "About Us". bezosfamilyfoundation.org. 
^ Metcalf, Tom; Coffey, Brendan (June 22, 2017). "Amazon’s Bezos Disrupts Another Frontier, With Just One Tweet". Bloomberg. Retrieved June 24, 2017. 
^ Soper, Taylor. "Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos and family donate $20M to Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center". GeekWire. 
^ a b "Jeff Bezos - Tech Philanthropists - Donors - Foundations - Inside Philanthropy". insidephilanthropy.com. 
^ Cooper Ramo, Joshua (December 27, 1999). "Jeffrey Preston Bezos: 1999 Person of the year". Time. 
^ LaGesse, David (November 19, 2008). "America's Best Leaders: Jeff Bezos, Amazon.com CEO". U.S. News & World Report. Retrieved November 25, 2008. 
^ "Charging ahead: e-book design and popularity win Kindle creators Innovation Award". The Economist. September 19, 2011. Archived from the original on April 14, 2012. 
^ "Amazon's Jeff Bezos: The ultimate disrupter". Fortune. Archived from the original on August 9, 2013. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ "Bilderberg 2011 list of participants". BilderbergMeetings.org. Archived from the original on August 28, 2011. Retrieved August 24, 2011. 
^ "Executive Committee". The Business Council. Archived from the original on July 21, 2013. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ "Jeff Bezos Real Time Net Worth". Forbes. June 2, 2016. Retrieved June 2, 2016. 
^ "The Best-Performing CEOs in the World". Harvard Business Review. Retrieved January 24, 2017. 
^ Davenport, Christian (September 15, 2016). "Jeff Bezos on nuclear reactors in space, the lack of bacon on Mars and humanity's destiny in the solar system". The Washington Post. Retrieved September 16, 2016. 
^ "Amazon's Jeff Bezos Wins ITUC's World's Worst Boss Poll". Ituc-csi.org. May 22, 2014. Retrieved October 27, 2015. 
^ "Inside Amazon: Wrestling Big Ideas in a Bruising Workplace". The New York Times. Retrieved October 27, 2015. 
^ "Five Rich Tech Titans And What They". Time. March 9, 2011. 
^ "Two tech titans. Two very different views of philanthropy. – InsideSources". InsideSources. 
^ http://www.king5.com/news/local/homeless/paul-allen-donates-30-million-to-permanent-housing-for-seattles-homeless/434327069
^ "Amazon a virtual no-show in hometown philanthropy". The Seattle Times. March 31, 2012. 
^ "Five Rich Tech Titans And What They". Time. March 9, 2011. 
^ "Jeff Bezos Fast Facts". CNN. March 24, 2016. 
^ "'I just want to see my son, I just want to shake his hand and have him acknowledge that I'm his father': Desperate plea of Amazon founder Jeff Bezos's ailing biological father". Daily Mail. January 16, 2014. 
^ "Amazon founder Jeff Bezos reveals Star Trek Beyond alien cameo". BBC. July 21, 2016. Retrieved February 22, 2017. 


Further reading[edit]

Inside the Mind of Jeff Bezos – Fastcompany.com (August 2004)
Internet billionaires face off in renewed Texas space race, Bownsville Herald, April 2015.

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Jeff Bezos.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Jeff Bezos



Jeff Bezos at Bloomberg L.P.
Jeff Bezos at TED 
Appearances on C-SPAN
Jeff Bezos on Charlie Rose
Jeff Bezos on IMDb
Works by or about Jeff Bezos in libraries (WorldCat catalog)
"Jeff Bezos collected news and commentary". The New York Times. 
Bezos Expeditions







v
t
e


Amazon.com



People





Current




Jeff Bezos
Tony Hsieh
Werner Vogels
Gregg Zehr






Former




Rick Dalzell
Brian McBride
Ram Shriram
Tom Szkutak
Brian Valentine
Christopher North








Facilities



Doppler
Day One





Products
and services





Websites




A9.com
AbeBooks
Alexa Internet
Amapedia
Askville
Book Depository
BookFinder
CDNow
China
Curse
Dash
Diapers.com
Digital Photography Review
Endless.com
Fresh
Goodreads
IMDb

Box Office Mojo
Withoutabox


Junglee.com
Local
Marketplace
Payments
PlanetAll
Shelfari
Twitch.tv
Wireless
Woot.com
Zappos
Souq.com






Web services




AMI
CloudFront
DynamoDB
EBS
EC2
MTurk
Product Advertising API
RDS
S3
SES
SimpleDB
SQS
VPC
Silk
Glacier
Storywriter






Digital




Alexa
Appstore
Audible Inc.
ComiXology
Amazon Drive
Echo
Video
Prime
Kindle
Kindle Fire
Fire HD
Fire HDX
Fire TV
Fire Phone
Kindle Store
Lexcycle
LoveFilm
Mobipocket
Music
Reflexive Entertainment
Fire OS
Amazon Digital Game Store






Technology




1-Click
Amazon Game Studios
Amazon Robotics
Carbonado
Dynamo
Graphiq
Gurupa
Lab126
Double Helix Games
Obidos
Liquavista






Publishing




Amazon Publishing
Amazon Studios
Breakthrough Novel Award
Best Books of the Year
Kindle Direct Publishing






Investments




43 Things
Amie Street (Songza)
LibraryThing
LivingSocial
Sellaband






Retail




Amazon Books
Amazon Go
Whole Foods Market (Pending)








Other



Amazon Light
Amazon Prime Air
ASIN
Controversies (tax)
Fishbowl
Locker
Perfect 10, Inc. v. Amazon.com, Inc.
Statistically improbable phrase
Vine
List of Amazon.com locations
List of mergers and acquisitions by Amazon.com
List of Amazon.com products and services












v
t
e


Blue Origin



Staff



Jeff Bezos (founder)
Jeffrey Ashby (chief of mission assurance)








Products




Rockets



Goddard
New Shepard
New Glenn





Rocket engines



BE-3
BE-4








Facilities



Seattle headquarters
West Texas test site
SLC-36 Florida





Related



ULA Vulcan












v
t
e


Time Persons of the Year (1976–2000)






Jimmy Carter (1976)
Anwar Sadat (1977)
Deng Xiaoping (1978)
Ayatollah Khomeini (1979)
Ronald Reagan (1980)
Lech Wałęsa (1981)
The Computer (1982)
Ronald Reagan / Yuri Andropov (1983)
Peter Ueberroth (1984)
Deng Xiaoping (1985)
Corazon Aquino (1986)
Mikhail Gorbachev (1987)
The Endangered Earth (1988)
Mikhail Gorbachev (1989)
George H. W. Bush (1990)
Ted Turner (1991)
Bill Clinton (1992)
The Peacemakers: Yitzhak Rabin / Nelson Mandela / F. W. de Klerk / Yasser Arafat (1993)
Pope John Paul II (1994)
Newt Gingrich (1995)
David Ho (1996)
Andrew Grove (1997)
Bill Clinton / Ken Starr (1998)
Jeffrey P. Bezos (1999)
George W. Bush (2000)








Complete roster
1927–1950
1951–1975
1976–2000
2001–present












v
t
e


The World's Billionaires – Top ten richest people in the world as of 20 April 2017






 Bill Gates ($86.0B, United States)
 Warren Buffett ($75.6B, United States)
 Jeff Bezos ($72.8B, United States)
 Amancio Ortega ($71.3B, Spain)
 Mark Zuckerberg ($56.0B, United States)
 Carlos Slim ($54.5B, Mexico)
 Larry Ellison ($52.2B, United States)
 Charles Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 David Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 Michael Bloomberg ($47.5B, United States)









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 1808007
LCCN: n99280137
ISNI: 0000 0001 0948 3211
GND: 122367227
SUDOC: 165841699
BNF: cb14409568k (data)
NDL: 001121324
NKC: xx0189631










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Jeff_Bezos&oldid=792143236"					
Categories: 1964 birthsLiving people21st-century American businesspeopleAmazon.com peopleAmerican adopteesAmerican billionairesAmerican chairmen of corporationsAmerican computer businesspeopleAmerican computer scientistsAmerican Internet company foundersAmerican investorsAmerican libertariansAmerican mass media ownersAmerican technology chief executivesAmerican technology company foundersAmerican people of Scandinavian descentBlue OriginOnline retailer foundersBusinesspeople from New MexicoFellows of the American Academy of Arts and SciencesBusinesspeople from Albuquerque, New MexicoPrinceton University alumniThe Washington Post publishersTau Beta PiPeople in the space industryPhi Beta Kappa membersLife extensionistsHidden categories: Pages using citations with accessdate and no URLWebarchive template wayback linksUse American English from March 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from July 2017Articles with hCardsArticles containing potentially dated statements from March 2015All articles containing potentially dated statementsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2017Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAzərbaycancaবাংলাBislamaCatalàČeštinaDeutschΕλληνικάEspañolفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어Հայերենहिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡKapampanganLatinaLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीമലയാളംBahasa Melayuမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSimple EnglishکوردیSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 18:47.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Forbes WelcomeCLOSE   More Options   Quote of the Day  If I'm being rejected from one thing, it's really just the path redirecting me elsewhere to where I'm supposed to be. Amani Al-Khatahtbeh, Founder of MuslimGirl    

























Jeffrey P. Bezos - Academy of Achievement



































Home
Our Members

Member Interviews
The Arts
Business
Science & Exploration
Public Service
Sports
Achiever Universe


The Summit

Summit Overview
2014
2012
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005


Our History

About The Academy
Academy Patrons
Delegate Alumni
Directors & Our Team
Golden Plate Awards Council
Golden Plate Awardees


Keys to Success

Overview
Passion
Vision
Preparation
Courage
Perseverance
Integrity
The American Dream
Recommended Books
Find My Role Model


 



















All achievers
Jeffrey P. Bezos
Founder and CEO, Amazon.com


















I knew that if I failed, I would regret that, but I knew the one thing I might regret is not trying.




King of Cyber-Commerce

Date of Birth

                    January 12, 1964                  




Jeffrey P. Bezos was born in Albuquerque, New Mexico. His mother was still in her teens, and her marriage to his father lasted little more than a year. She remarried when Jeffrey was four. Jeffrey’s stepfather, Mike Bezos, was born in Cuba; he escaped to the United States alone at age 15, and worked his way through the University of Albuquerque. When he married Jeffrey’s mother, the family moved to Houston, where Mike Bezos became an engineer for Exxon. Jeffrey’s maternal ancestors were early settlers in Texas, and over the generations had acquired a 25,000-acre ranch at Cotulla. Jeffrey’s grandfather was a regional director of the Atomic Energy Commission in Albuquerque. He retired early to the family ranch, where Jeffrey spent most of the summers of his youth, working with his grandfather at the enormously varied tasks essential to the operation.
Jeff Bezos, small, but already thinking big.From an early age, Jeffrey displayed a striking mechanical aptitude. Even as a toddler, he asserted himself by dismantling his crib with a screwdriver. He also developed intense and varied scientific interests, rigging an electric alarm to keep his younger siblings out of his room and converting his parents’ garage into a laboratory for his science projects. When he was a teenager, the family moved to Miami, Florida. In high school in Miami, Jeffrey first fell in love with computers. An outstanding student, he was valedictorian of his class. He entered Princeton University planning to study physics, but soon returned to his love of computers, and graduated with a degree in computer science and electrical engineering.
After graduation, Jeff Bezos found employment on Wall Street, where computer science was increasingly in demand to study market trends. He went to work at Fitel, a start-up company that was building a network to conduct international trade. He stayed in the finance realm with Bankers Trust, rising to a vice presidency. At D. E. Shaw, a firm specializing in the application of computer science to the stock market, Bezos was hired as much for his overall talent as for any particular assignment. While working at Shaw, Jeff met his wife, Mackenzie, also a Princeton graduate. He rose quickly at Shaw, becoming a senior vice president, and looked forward to a bright career in finance, when he made a discovery that changed his life — and the course of business history.
Jeff Bezos, age 5, with his grandfather, Lawrence Preston Gise, on the family ranch at Cotulla, Texas, in 1969.The Internet was originally created by the Defense Department to keep its computer networks connected during an emergency, such as natural catastrophe or enemy attack. Over the years, it was adopted by government and academic researchers to exchange data and messages, but as late as 1994, there was still no Internet commerce to speak of. One day that spring, Jeffrey Bezos observed that Internet usage was increasing by 2,300 percent a year. He saw an opportunity for a new sphere of business, and immediately began considering the possibilities. In typically methodical fashion, Bezos reviewed the top 20 mail order businesses, and asked himself which could be conducted more efficiently over the Internet than by traditional means. Books were the commodity for which no comprehensive mail order catalogue existed, because any such catalogue would be too big to mail — perfect for the Internet, which could share a vast database with a virtually limitless number of people.
He flew to Los Angeles the very next day to attend the American Booksellers’ Convention and learn everything he could about the book business. He found that the major book wholesalers had already compiled electronic lists of their inventory. All that was needed was a single location on the Internet, where the book-buying public could search the available stock and place orders directly. Bezos’s employers weren’t prepared to proceed with such a venture, and Bezos knew the only way to seize the opportunity was to go into business for himself. It would mean sacrificing a secure position in New York, but he and his wife, Mackenzie, decided to make the leap.
Jeff Bezos, King of cyber-commerce, and founder of the world’s largest online shopping retailer. (Amazon.com)Jeff and Mackenzie flew to Texas on Independence Day weekend and picked up a 1988 Chevy Blazer (a gift from Mike Bezos) to make the drive to Seattle, where they would have ready access to the book wholesaler Ingram, and to the pool of computer talent Jeff would need for his enterprise. Mackenzie drove while Jeff typed a business plan. The company would be called Amazon, for the seemingly endless South American river with its numberless branches.
They set up shop in a two-bedroom house, with extension cords running to the garage. Jeff set up three Sun microstations on tables he’d made out of doors from Home Depot for less than $60 each. When the test site was up and running, Jeff asked 300 friends and acquaintances to test it. The code worked seamlessly across different computer platforms. On July 16, 1995, Bezos opened his site to the world, and told his 300 beta testers to spread the word. In 30 days, with no press, Amazon had sold books in all 50 states and 45 foreign countries. By September, it had sales of $20,000 a week. Bezos and his team continued improving the site, introducing such unheard-of features as one-click shopping, customer reviews, and e-mail order verification.
Jeff Bezos was TIME Magazine’s choice as Person of the Year in 1999. (Gregory Heisler/Time Inc./Getty Images )The business grew faster than Bezos or anyone else had ever imagined. When the company went public in 1997, skeptics wondered if an Internet-based start-up bookseller could maintain its position once traditional retail heavyweights like Barnes and Noble or Borders entered the Internet picture. Two years later, the market value of shares in Amazon was greater than that of its two biggest retail competitors combined, and Borders was striking a deal for Amazon to handle its Internet traffic. Jeff had told his original investors there was a 70 percent chance they would lose their entire investment, but his parents signed on for $300,000, a substantial portion of their life savings. “We weren’t betting on the Internet,” his mother has said. “We were betting on Jeff.” By the end of the decade, as six per cent owners of Amazon, they were billionaires. For several years, as much as a third of the shares in the company were held by members of the Bezos family.
From the beginning, Bezos sought to increase market share as quickly as possible, at the expense of profits. When he disclosed his intention to go from being “Earth’s biggest bookstore” to “Earth’s biggest anything store,” skeptics thought Amazon was growing too big too fast, but a few analysts called it “one of the smartest strategies in business history.” Through each round of expansion, Jeff Bezos continually emphasized the “Six Core Values: customer obsession, ownership, bias for action, frugality, high hiring bar and innovation.” “Our vision,” he said, “is the world’s most customer-centric company. The place where people come to find and discover anything they might want to buy online.” Amazon moved into music CDs, videos, toys, electronics and more. When the Internet’s stock market bubble burst, Amazon re-structured, and while other dot.com start-ups evaporated, Amazon was posting profits.
Jeff Bezos addresses the student delegates at the 2001 Academy of Achievement Summit in San Antonio, Texas.In October 2002, the firm added clothing sales to its line-up, through partnerships with hundreds of retailers, including The Gap, Nordstrom, and Land’s End. Amazon shares its expertise in customer service and online order fulfillment with other vendors through co-branded sites, such as those with Borders and Toys ‘R Us, and through its Amazon Services subsidiary. In September 2003, Amazon announced the formation of A9, a new venture aimed at developing a commercial search engine that focuses on e-commerce web sites. At the same time, Amazon launched an online sporting goods store, offering 3,000 different brand names. Amazon.com ended 2015 with net revenue of $107 billion. Amazon has become America’s largest online retailer, with more than four times the sales of its nearest rival.
A panel discussion on the future of technology at the 2001 Summit. Bezos is joined by Bell Labs President Jeong Kim, Microsoft’s Charles Simonyi, Stanford President John L. Hennessy, and tech entrepreneur Kenan Sahin.The success of Amazon has allowed Bezos to explore his lifelong interest in space travel. In 2004, he founded an aerospace company, Blue Origin, to develop new technology for spaceflight, with the ultimate goal of establishing an enduring human presence beyond Earth. From its 26-acre research campus outside Seattle and a private rocket launching facility in West Texas, Blue Origin is testing New Shepard, a multi-passenger rocket-propelled vehicle designed to travel to and from suborbital space at competitive prices. New Shepard will allow researchers to conduct more frequent experiments in a microgravity environment, as well as providing the general public with an opportunity to experience spaceflight. In its mission statement, Blue Origin identifies its ultimate goal as the establishment of an enduring human presence in outer space.
As exciting as that prospect may be, Jeff Bezos has had more terrestrial innovations on his mind as well. In 2007, Amazon introduced a handheld electronic reading device — the Kindle. The device used “E Ink” technology to render text in a print-like appearance, without the eyestrain associated with television and computer screens. The font size was adjustable for further ease in reading, and, unlike earlier electronic reading devices, the Kindle incorporated wireless Internet connectivity, enabling the reader to purchase, download and read complete books and other documents anywhere, anytime. Hundreds of books can be stored on the Kindle at a time. Many classics can be downloaded free of charge; all new titles were initially priced at $9.99.
Jeff Bezos’s Blue Origin launched and landed its unmanned New Shepard rocket and space capsule reusable rocket for the fourth time on June 19, 2016, making its first-ever live webcast of a test flight during the mission.In the year the Kindle was introduced, Amazon’s sales increased by 38 percent, and its profits more than doubled. In 2010, Amazon signed a controversial deal with The Wylie Agency, in which Wylie gave Amazon the digital rights to the works of many of the authors it represents, bypassing the original publishers altogether. This, and Amazon’s practice of selling e-books at a price far below that of the same title in hardcover, angered several publishers, as well as some authors, who see their royalty rates threatened. But it appears that the advent of electronic reading devices is increasing the overall sales of books, which can only benefit readers and authors alike. By mid-2010, Kindle and e-book sales had reached $2.38 billion, and Amazon’s sales of e-books topped its sales in hardcover. With e-book sales increasing by 200 percent a year, Bezos predicted that e-books would overtake paperbacks and become the company’s bestselling format within a year.
This May 2009 cover of Fortune magazine featured Jeff Bezos and his new electronic reading device, the Kindle.With the introduction of the Kindle, Amazon quickly captured 95 percent of the U.S. market for books in electronic form — e-books. The first major challenge to the Kindle’s supremacy in the e-book market came in 2010, when Apple introduced its iPad tablet computer, which was also designed for use as an electronic reading device. Bezos responded aggressively, cutting the Kindle’s retail price and adding new features.
In 2011, Amazon introduced the Kindle Fire, a mini tablet computer with a color touch screen, to compete directly with the iPad. Amazon also took the handheld e-reader to a new level of comfort and convenience with the Kindle Paperwhite, an illuminated touchscreen device that can be read comfortably in a darkened room. A Whispersync feature enables users with multiple devices to mark their place in one book and resume reading at the same place in another. Having already revolutionized the way the world buys books, Jeff Bezos is now transforming the way we read them as well.
September 28, 2011: Jeff Bezos introduces the new Kindle Touch e-reader at a news conference in New York City. Amazon.com Inc., the world’s largest online retailer, also unveiled its Kindle Fire tablet computer, taking direct aim at Apple Inc.’s best-selling iPad with an e-reader device that’s smaller and less than half the price. (E. Wamsteker)Amazon now boasts a host of diversified subsidiaries, including AmazonLocal and LivingSocial. Business customers can employ Amazon’s online infrastructure technology through Amazon Web Services. In 2012, Bezos launched Amazon Studios, crowdsourcing the development of feature films and television shows. Amazon plans to present the television programs through an online video service, the feature films in brick-and-mortar theaters. The company’s share price increased 30 percent in 2012 alone, tenfold over the previous six-year period. Fortune magazine named Bezos its 2012 “Businessperson of the Year.”
July 10, 2013: Jeff Bezos, founder and CEO of Amazon.com, and his wife, MacKenzie Bezos, arrive for a morning session of the Allen & Co. annual conference at the Sun Valley Resort in Sun Valley, Idaho. They have four children.In 2013, Jeff Bezos purchased the newspaper division of The Washington Post Company for $250 million. In addition to The Washington Post, the leading daily newspaper in the nation’s capital, the sale included a number of smaller local newspapers in the Washington, D.C. area. Bezos made the purchase as principal of a privately held company, rather than on behalf of Amazon. It was the first time in 80 years that the newspaper had passed from the control of the Graham family, descendants of Eugene Meyer, who bought the paper in 1933. At the time of the sale, Bezos expressed respect and admiration for the Graham family’s stewardship of the Post and announced his intention to retain the existing management.
By 2017, Bloomberg News estimated that Jeff Bezos has a net worth of $75.6 billion, making him the second wealthiest person in the world, second only to Microsoft founder Bill Gates. Bezos and his wife MacKenzie continue to live in the Seattle area, and are increasingly concerned with philanthropic activities. “Giving away money takes as much attention as building a successful company,” Jeff Bezos has said.












                  Inducted in 2001                






Career

Entrepreneur



Date of Birth

                      January 12, 1964                    




“I’m going to go do this crazy thing. I’m going to start this company selling books online.”
In 1994, Jeff Bezos was a 30-year-old vice president of a New York investment firm, newly married, with a secure and prosperous future ahead of him. He decided to give it all up and drive to Seattle with his wife, in a used car, to start a business in their garage. He was betting his own savings — and his parents’ and friends’ — on a totally untried notion: that people would buy books through a little-known network of computers called the Internet.
Jeff Bezos was convinced that this global network, primarily the domain of academics and government scientists, could become a vibrant new venue for commerce, with the right product and the right plan. Almost overnight, the company Bezos started, Amazon.com, changed the book-buying habits of a nation. Bezos and his investors found their shares in the company worth billions.
As the company’s capitalization soared, Bezos embarked on a risky strategy of expansion, forgoing immediate profits to secure an ever-larger share of the Internet market, not only in books, but in music, videos, electronics, toys and clothing. At the turn of the 21st century, the Internet bubble burst, and fortunes seemingly made overnight literally vanished. Yet Amazon flowed on like its mighty namesake, still expanding, but also showing profits, while other promising start-ups faded from the scene. Once-daunting competitors had become grateful partners. The vision of Jeff Bezos had prevailed, and the world of commerce had changed forever.













Watch full interview








King of Cyber-Commerce
San Antonio, Texas
May 4, 2001





When did you get the idea to start Amazon? Was there a moment of inspiration?















Jeff Bezos: The wake-up call was finding this startling statistic that web usage in the spring of 1994 was growing at 2,300 percent a year. You know, things just don’t grow that fast.  It’s highly unusual, and that started me about thinking, “What kind of business plan might make sense in the context of that growth?”









You couldn’t have been the only one to see that growth statistic.
Jeff Bezos: No. In fact, not only was I not the only one, but a lot of people saw it much earlier.
Technology entrepreneur Jeff Bezos holds his first New York City news conference in 1999. (Najlah Feanny/Corbis)Not everyone has been able to realize that potential the way you have. What do you think enabled you to see what you saw and to act on it?
Jeff Bezos: I think there are a couple of things. One of the things everybody should realize is that any time a start-up company turns into a substantial company over the years, there was a lot of luck involved. There are a lot of entrepreneurs. There are a lot of people who are very smart, very hardworking, very few ever have the planetary alignment that leads to a tiny little company growing into something substantial. So that requires not only a lot of planning, a lot of hard work, a big team of people who are all dedicated, but it also requires that not only the planets align, but that you get a few galaxies in there aligning, too. That’s certainly what happened to us.













Keys to success —
Preparation




Our timing was good, our choice of product categories — books — was a very good choice. And we did a lot of analysis on that to pick that category as the first best category for e-commerce online, but there were no guarantees that that was a good category. At the time we launched this business it wasn’t even crystal clear that the technology would improve fast enough that ordinary people — non-computer people — would even want to bother with this technology. So that was good luck. So there are a whole bunch of things that have to sort of align to make it work.








Here you were, sitting in New York City in a very good job, a lucrative position with a future. You go home and you say to your wife you want to throw all that over and get in the car and go to Seattle. What possessed you to do that? What was her reaction? What is the role of risk taking?













Keys to success —
Courage




Jeff Bezos: I went to my boss and said to him, “You know, I’m going to go do this crazy thing and I’m going to start this company selling books online.” This was something that I had already been talking to him about in a sort of more general context, but then he said, “Let’s go on a walk.” And, we went on a two-hour walk in Central Park in New York City, and the conclusion of that was this: he said, “You know, this actually sounds like a really good idea to me, but it sounds like it would be a better idea for somebody who didn’t already have a good job.” He convinced me to think about it for 48 hours before making a final decision. So, I went away and was trying to find the right framework in which to make that kind of big decision. I had already talked to my wife about this, and she was very supportive and said, “Look, you know you can count me in 100 percent, whatever you want to do.” It’s true she had married this fairly stable guy in a stable career path, and now he wanted to go do this crazy thing, but she was 100 percent supportive. So, it really was a decision that I had to make for myself, and the framework I found which made the decision incredibly easy was what I called — which only a nerd would call — a “regret minimization framework.” So, I wanted to project myself forward to age 80 and say, “Okay, now I’m looking back on my life. I want to have minimized the number of regrets I have.” I knew that when I was 80 I was not going to regret having tried this. I was not going to regret trying to participate in this thing called the Internet that I thought was going to be a really big deal. I knew that if I failed I wouldn’t regret that, but I knew the one thing I might regret is not ever having tried. I knew that that would haunt me every day, and so, when I thought about it that way, it was an incredibly easy decision. And, I think that’s very good. If you can project yourself out to age 80 and sort of think, “What will I think at that time?” it gets you away from some of the daily pieces of confusion. You know, I left this Wall Street firm in the middle of the year. When you do that, you walk away from your annual bonus. That’s the kind of thing that in the short-term can confuse you, but if you think about the long-term then you can really make good life decisions that you won’t regret later.








Most regrets, by the way, are acts of omission and not commission. If you do bad things, if you go murder somebody, that would be bad and that would be an act of commission that you would regret. But most everyday, ordinary non-murderers, when they’re 80 years old, their big regrets are omissions.
When you showed up in Seattle, you had left your job, you’d left any regrets you might have behind you. How do you get something like Amazon.com started? What did you have to do?
Jeff Bezos: That blank sheet of paper stage is one of the hardest stages, and one of the reasons it’s hard is because at that stage there’s nobody counting on you but yourself. Today it’s easy because we’ve got millions of customers counting on us, and thousands of investors counting on us, and thousands of employees all counting on each other. In that beginning stage it’s really just you, and you can quit any time. Nobody is going to care, so you set about doing the simple things first.













Keys to success —
Preparation




So, you want to start a company.  Well, the first thing you do is you should write a business plan, and so I did that.  I wrote about a 30-page business plan.  I wrote a first draft.  In fact, I wrote the first draft on the car trip from the East Coast to the West Coast.  And, that is very helpful. You know the business plan won’t survive its first encounters with reality. It will always be different. The reality will never be the plan, but the discipline of writing the plan forces you to think through some of the issues and to get sort of mentally comfortable in the space. Then you start to understand, if you push on this knob, this will move over here and so on.  So, that’s the first step.









Jeff Bezos, CEO of Amazon.com, at home in Seattle, Washington, 2005. The company began as an Internet merchant of books and quickly expanded to a wide variety of products and services. (© Moskowitz/Corbis)We tried to get a lot of the little housekeeping details done even before we arrived in Seattle. I called a friend who lived in Seattle and asked if he could recommend an attorney. He recommended his divorce lawyer, but that’s who we used. It was a general practitioner, a sort of small sole practitioner. He incorporated the company. He asked me on the cell phone what name would you like the company incorporated under. I said, “Cadabra, as in abra cadabra.” And he said, “Cadaver?” I knew then that was not going to be a good name. We went ahead and incorporated under that name. We changed it about three months later.
I stopped in San Francisco and interviewed vice presidents of engineering, because that was going to be an important long lead time item. We needed to build the technology that would run the store, and found the person who turned out to be the most important person ever in the history of Amazon.com on that trip. A guy named Shel Kaphan, who built all of our early systems. He had help from others, but he was the architect, he engineered them, and just did a fantastic job. So writing the business plan, the initial hiring, getting the company incorporated, all these are simple, almost pedestrian tasks, but that’s how you start, one step at a time.
Were investors knocking at your door?
Jeff Bezos: Oh no.













Keys to success —
Courage




The first initial start-up capital for Amazon.com came primarily from my parents, and they invested a large fraction of their life savings in what became Amazon.com.  And you know, that was a very bold and trusting thing for them to do because they didn’t know. My dad’s first question was, “What’s the Internet?” Okay.  So he wasn’t making a bet on this company or this concept.  He was making a bet on his son, as was my mother. So, I told them that I thought there was a 70 percent chance that they would lose their whole investment, which was a few hundred thousand dollars, and they did it anyway.  And, you know, I thought I was giving myself triple the normal odds, because  really, if you look at the odds of a start-up company succeeding at all, it’s only about ten percent.  Here I was, giving myself a 30 percent chance.

















There are so many things that can go wrong. When we launched that store in July of 1995, we were shocked at the customer response. Literally in the first 30 days we had orders from all 50 states and 45 different countries, and we were woefully unprepared from an operational point of view to handle that kind of volume. In fact, we quickly expanded. We talked to our landlord, and we expanded into a 2,000-square-foot basement warehouse space that had six-foot ceilings. One of our ten employees was six-two; he went around like this the whole time. We were doing our day jobs, which might have been computer programming — all the different things that ten people will do in a tiny start-up company. And then we would spend all afternoon into the wee hours of the morning packing up the orders and shipping them out. I would drive these things to UPS so we could get the last one, and we would wait till the last second. I’d get to UPS and I would sort of bang on the glass door that was closed. They would always take pity on me and sort of open up and let us ship things late.
We had so many orders that we weren’t ready for, that we had no real organization in our distribution center at all. In fact, we were packing on our hands and knees on a hard concrete floor. I remember, just to show you how stupid I can be — my only defense is that it was late. We were packing these things, everybody in the company, and I had this brainstorm as I said to the person next to me, “This packing is killing me! My back hurts, this is killing my knees on this hard cement floor,” and this person said, “Yeah, I know what you mean.” And I said, “You know what we need?” My brilliant insight. “We need knee pads!'” I was very serious, and this person looked at me like I was the stupidest person they’d ever seen. I’m working for this person? This is great. “What we need is packing tables.”








I looked at this person, and I thought that was the smartest idea I had ever heard.  The next day we got packing tables, and I think we doubled our productivity.  That early stage, by the way of Amazon.com, when we were so unprepared, is probably one of the luckiest things that ever happened to us, because it formed a culture of customer service in every department of the company.  Every single person in the company, because we had to work with our hands so close to the customers, making sure those orders went out, really set up a culture that served us well, and that is our goal, to be Earth’s most customer-centric company.  In a second round of fundraising, about a year later or so, we raised a million dollars, and I had to talk to about 60 different people.  These were angel investors. Venture capitalists were totally uninterested. It wasn’t like what people think of today.













Keys to success —
Perseverance




In 1998 and 1999 you could raise $60 million for an Internet idea without a business plan with a single phone call.  It was a very different era, but back in 1995 it was very difficult to raise money. And, by the way, it wasn’t more difficult than it had been for the previous 20 years to raise money, it just was sort of normally hard. It’s supposed to be hard to raise a million dollars. So, with a lot of hard work we raised that million dollars from about 20 different angel investors who invested about $50,000 each, and that was the original money that really funded Amazon.com.








Did you ever have any self-doubts, fear of failure?
Jeff Bezos: In a strange way, no. Because remember…













Keys to success —
Perseverance




Once you are looking at the odds in a realistic way — it’s very important for entrepreneurs to be realistic — and so if you believe on that first day while you’re writing the business plan that there’s a 70 percent chance that the whole thing will fail, then that kind of relieves the pressure of self-doubt. It’s sort of like, I don’t have any doubt about whether we’re going to fail. That’s the likely outcome. It just is, and to pretend that it’s not will lead you to do strange and unnatural things. So, what you do with those early investment dollars — if you have $300,000 and then you have a million dollars — what you do with those early precious capital resources is you go about systematically trying to eliminate risk. So, you pick whatever you think the biggest problems are, and you try to eliminate them one at a time. That’s how small companies get a little bit bigger, and then a little bit bigger, and a little bit bigger, until finally, at a certain stage, you reach a transition where the company has more control over its future destiny.








When a company is very tiny, it needs a tremendous amount of not only hard work but, as we talked about earlier, luck.  As a company gets bigger, it starts to become a little more stable. At a certain point in time the company has a much bigger influence over its future outcome, and it needs a lot less luck, and instead it needs the hard work.  At that point there’s a little bit more pressure, because if you fail you have nobody to blame but yourself.









We understand you were born in Albuquerque. Did you grow up there?
Jeff Bezos: No, I left Albuquerque when I was about four. We moved to Houston, Texas.
What was it like for you growing up?
Jeff Bezos: Well, I had what I considered to be an idyllic childhood. I mean, I had two parents who loved me incredibly. I also had a tremendous amount of contact with my grandparents — my mom’s parents. In fact, I spent all my summers on my grandfather’s ranch not far from where we’re sitting right now, not far from San Antonio. And, I spent three months every year from the age of four to the age of 16 working on the ranch with my grandfather, which was just an incredible, incredible experience. Ranchers — and anybody I think who works in rural areas — they learn how to be very self-reliant, and whether they’re farmers, whatever it is they’re doing, they have to rely on themselves for a lot of things. My grandfather did sort of all of his own veterinary care on the cattle. We would, you know, repair the D-6 Caterpillar bulldozer when it broke, and it had gears this big, you know. We would build cranes to lift the gears out. This is just a very common sort of thing that folks in far away places do. I think it was a great experience.
How come you didn’t grow up to be a cowboy?
Jeff Bezos: There’s a little bit of that in me, I think. I remember the very first occupation I wanted to be — when, I think, I was about six years old — was an archeologist. I would like to point out this was before Indiana Jones. It’s a point of pride. Then I wanted to be an astronaut. By the time I was in my high school years, I wanted to be a physicist and then by the time I got to college I wanted to be a computer programmer. That’s actually what I studied in school and that’s what has led me along the path I’m on.
Did you have heroes or role models when you were growing up?
Jeff Bezos: I did. I had some family role models. Certainly my grandfather was a serious role model for me. I think you learn different things from grandparents than you learn from parents. It’s great. I would encourage anybody to try to spend time not only with their parents but with their grandparents. I had some historical role models that I looked at, too. Two people I always would read about were Thomas Edison and Walt Disney. Those were sort of my two biographical heroes.
Why Edison and Disney?
Jeff Bezos: I’ve always been interested in inventors and invention. Edison, of course, for a little kid and probably for adults, too, is not only the symbol of that but the actual fact of that — the incredible inventor. I’ve always felt that there’s a certain kind of important pioneering that goes on from an inventor like Thomas Edison. Disney was a different sort of thing. He was also a real pioneer and an inventor, doing new things. It seemed to me that he had this incredible capability to create a vision that he could get a large number of people to share. Things that Disney invented, like Disneyland, the theme parks, they were such big visions that no single individual could ever pull them off, unlike a lot of the things that Edison worked on. Walt Disney really was able to get a big team of people working in a concerted direction.
What kind of a student were you as a kid?
Jeff Bezos: I was a very nerdy and good student. I was in the “goody goody” class of students and was working hard, studying. I always did my homework on time. I was a good student. I liked school.
Did you ever get into trouble?
Jeff Bezos: Very rarely. The things I got into trouble on were like I lost my library privileges one time — which was really inconvenient for me — for laughing too loudly in the library. I’ve had this laugh all my life. I have no idea where it came from. There was a period where my brother and sister wouldn’t go see a movie with me. It was too embarrassing. I was probably unnaturally on the side of not getting in trouble. By the time I was in high school we did some prank type things, but they were the kind of pranks that at the end of the day the teachers actually secretly loved.
Are there any books you remember being important to you when you were growing up?
Jeff Bezos: At different ages, lots of different books. I remember in fourth grade we had this wonderful contest which was — the people in the class, whoever — there was some prize — I can’t even remember what it was — whoever could read the most Newbery Award winners in a year and I read through — I didn’t end up winning. You know, I think I read like 30 Newbery Award winners that year, but somebody else read more. The standout there is the old classic that I think so many people have read and enjoyed, A Wrinkle in Time, and I just remember loving that book. I was always a big fan of science fiction, even from when I was, you know, in elementary school reading various things and loved, of course, The Hobbit and Tolkien’s trilogy that follows on from that. In this little town where my grandfather lived — in the summers, where I spent my time in the summer — had a tiny little Andrew Carnegie-style library where all the books had been donated from the local citizens. And I found —I mean this was a very small library, smaller than the room that we’re sitting in now — but it had an extensive science fiction collection because it just so happened one of the residents of this 3,000-person town had been a science fiction fan, and donated their whole collection. And that started a love affair for me with people like Heinlein and Asimov and all the well-known science fiction authors that persists to this day.
What about teachers? Were there any teachers you remember that had an influence on you?
Jeff Bezos: Oh, tons of teachers! My math teacher in fourth or fifth grade, Mrs. McInerney, she had a big influence on me. My calculus teacher in high school, Mr. Bohr, he had a big influence on me, Ms. Del Champs, who taught chemistry in high school, Ms. Ruehl, who taught physics. I really have been blessed with conscientious, hard-working, super smart teachers. I only got to go through school once so I don’t know, but I have a feeling I was lucky. I know there are a lot of hard-working teachers out there but I seem to have had more than my fair share.
Is it possible to say what these teachers did for you?
Jeff Bezos: I always wanted to please. Teachers, who are really good create that environment where you can be very satisfied by the process of learning. If you do something and you find it a very satisfying experience then you want to do more of it. The great teachers somehow convey in their very attitude and their words and their actions and everything they do that this is an important thing you’re learning. You end up wanting to do more of it and more of it and more of it. That’s a real talent some people have to convey the importance of that and to reflect it back to the students.
When you weren’t studying, what kinds of things did you like to do?
Jeff Bezos: I was very difficult to punish for my parents because they would send me to my room, and I was always happy to go to my room because I would just read. “You’re grounded and you have to stay in your room.” That was always fine with me. I was a big reader. I remember playing lots of games in elementary school like kick-the-can, tag, all the outdoor games. I did all those things. I had a very normal childhood — except for my ranch experience, which I think is a very unusual experience, and a great one to have had — I think my experience as a kid was a very normal one.
How did you get along with your siblings?
Jeff Bezos: Pretty well. I was five and six years older than them. Now that I’m 37 years old, it’s like we’re the same generation. When I was 15, and they were 10 and 9, I had no time for them whatsoever. They were the pesky younger siblings that I was trying to shake off and keep out of my room.
We’ve read about your inventiveness as a kid with your Radio Shack electronics kit and an alarm that you set up in your room.
Jeff Bezos: I was constantly booby-trapping the house with various kinds of alarms and some of them were not just audible sounds, but actually like physical booby-traps. I think I occasionally worried my parents that they were going to open the door one day and have 30 pounds of nails drop on their head or something. Our garage was basically science fair central, and my mom is a saint, because she would drive me to Radio Shack multiple times a day to the point where she would finally say, “Okay. Look. Will you please get your parts list straight before we go? I can’t handle more than one trip to Radio Shack per day.” So, there was a lot of that kind of stuff going on in our house.
All of this eventually led you to Princeton?
Jeff Bezos: Yeah. So, I went to Princeton primarily because I wanted to study physics, and it’s such a fantastic place to study physics. Things went fairly well until I got to quantum mechanics and there were about 30 people in the class by that point and it was so hard for me. I just remember there was a point in this where I realized I’m never going to be a great physicist. There were three or four people in the class whose brains were so clearly wired differently to process these highly abstract concepts, so much more. I was doing well in terms of the grades I was getting, but for me it was laborious, hard work. And, for some of these truly gifted folks — it was awe-inspiring for me to watch them because in a very easy, almost casual way, they could absorb concepts and solve problems that I would work 12 hours on, and it was a wonderful thing to behold. At the same time, I had been studying computer science, and was really finding that that was something I was drawn toward. I was drawn to that more and more and that turned out to be a great thing. So I found — one of the great things Princeton taught me is that I’m not smart enough to be a physicist.
What drew you to computer science? What was it about computer science?
Jeff Bezos: I was very, very lucky because in fourth grade — which for me would have been around 1974 — I had access to a mainframe computer. There were no personal computers in 1974, and there was a company in Houston that had loaned excess mainframe computer time to this little elementary school. And we had a teletype that was connected by an old acoustic modem. You literally dialed a regular phone and picked up the handset and put it in this little cradle. And nobody — none of the teachers knew how to operate this computer, nobody did. But, there was a stack of manuals and me and a couple of other kids stayed after class and learned how to program this thing, and that worked well for maybe about a week. And then, we learned that the mainframe programmers in some central location somewhere in Houston had already programmed this computer to play Star Trek. And, from that day forward all we did was play Star Trek.
That is actually something I should have mentioned. I used a large portion of my elementary school free time hours not only watching Star Trek — the original of course — but also playing Star Trek. And everybody wanted to be — all of my friends — we all wanted to be Spock, and if you couldn’t be Spock then you would be Captain Kirk. And, if you couldn’t be Captain Kirk, then it started to separate. People wanted to be different. Some people wanted to be Bones. I never wanted to be Bones. I would take as my third choice — if I couldn’t get Spock or Kirk — I would take the computer. The computer was fun to play, because people would ask you questions, and they’d say, “Computer?” And you’d say, “Working.”
Why were you drawn to computer science?
Jeff Bezos: I don’t know. I think it’s always hard to know why you’re drawn to a particular thing. I think part of it is if you have a facility with that thing, of course it’s satisfying to do it and so in a way that’s self-reinforcing. And, certainly I always had a facility with computers. I always got along well with them and they’re such extraordinary tools. You can teach them to do things and then they actually do them. It’s kind of an incredible tool that we’ve built here in the 20th Century. That was a love affair that really did start in the fourth grade, and by the time I got to high school — I think when I was in 11th grade I got an Apple II Plus — and continued fooling around with computers, and then by the time I got to Princeton I was taking all the computer classes, and actually not just learning how to hack, but learning about algorithms and some of the mathematics behind computer science, and it’s fascinating. It’s really a very involving and fun subject.
What were your intentions when you left Princeton? What did you set out to do?
Jeff Bezos: I toyed with the idea of starting a company and even talked to a couple of friends about starting a company, and ultimately decided that it would be smarter to wait and learn a little bit more about business and the way the world works. You know, one of the things that it’s very hard to believe when you’re 22 or 23 years old is that you don’t already know everything. It turns out — people learn more and more as they get older — that you seem to learn, you seem to realize that you know less and less every year that goes by. I can only imagine that by the time I’m 70 I will realize I know nothing. So that was, I think, a very good decision to not do that. I went to work for a start-up company, but one in New York City that was building a network for helping brokerage firms clear trades. It is kind of an obscure thing, and it’s not very interesting to go into, but it used my technical skills, and it was very fun work, and I loved the people I was working with. From then on, I started working at the intersection of computers and finance, and stayed on Wall Street for a long time, ultimately worked for a company that did this thing called quantitative hedge fund trading. What we did was we programmed the computers and then the computers made stock trades, and that was very interesting too. And that was where I was working when I came across the fact that the web was growing at 2,300 percent a year, and that’s what led to the forming of Amazon.com.
You succeeded. You became a phenomenon. Suddenly you’re talking about a lot of money, a lot of investors, a lot of responsibility, and things don’t always go smoothly.
Jeff Bezos: That’s for sure. Things never go smoothly.
How do you deal with that kind of pressure you must have felt during the past year?
Jeff Bezos: It’s very interesting, because the Internet in general and Amazon.com in particular, is still Chapter One. You’re asking me about my story, and it’s still the very beginning. There’s still a lot of technology to be built, a lot of innovations for customers to be built, and the financial side of the story is still playing itself out in real time. There’s a lot of visibility on the Internet, and there has been for the last couple of years. For the first four years of the company, we worked in relative obscurity. We always had lots of supporters and we always had lots of skeptics, and that’s still the same today. It’s just that the level of visibility is so much higher. If you look at the six years that we’ve been doing business, in exactly one of those six years we were not the underdog. That was 1999 and that was the weird year for us. Now it’s much more normal. It’s more what we’re used to.
Do you have any doubts about the future of Amazon.com?
Jeff Bezos: We haven’t built a lasting company yet. We still have a tremendous amount of hard work ahead of us, but we have all the assets in place now. We have eliminated the necessity for the luck that a start-up company requires, and now our future is in our own hands as a team and as a company, and we have so many smart people. We have so many customers who treat us so well, and we have the right kind of culture that obsesses over the customer. If there’s one reason we have done better than most of our peers in the Internet space over the last six years, it is because we have focused like a laser on customer experience, and that really does matter, I think, in any business. It certainly matters online, where word of mouth is so very, very powerful. You know, if you make a customer unhappy they won’t tell five friends, they’ll tell 5,000 friends. So, we are at a point now where we have all of the things we need to build an important and lasting company, and if we don’t, it will be shame on us.
How do you deal with stress, with pressure, with setbacks, with disappointments?
Jeff Bezos: In my particular case, I laugh a lot. Stress primarily comes from not taking action over something that you can have some control over. So, if I find that some particular thing is causing me to have stress, that’s a warning flag for me. What it means is there’s something that I haven’t completely identified perhaps in my conscious mind that is bothering me, and I haven’t yet taken any action on it. I find as soon as I identify it, and make the first phone call, or send off the first e-mail message, or whatever it is that we’re going to do to start to address that situation — even if it’s not solved — the mere fact that we’re addressing it dramatically reduces any stress that might come from it. So, stress comes from ignoring things that you shouldn’t be ignoring, I think, in large part. So, stress doesn’t come — people get stress wrong all the time in my opinion. Stress doesn’t come from hard work, for example. You know, you can be working incredibly hard and loving it, and, likewise, you can be out of work and incredibly stressed over that. And, likewise, if you use that as an analogy for what I was just talking about, if you’re out of work but you’re going through a disciplined approach, a series of job interviews and so on, and working to remedy that situation, you are going to be a lot less stressed than if you’re just worrying about it and doing nothing.
What about dealing with success? Can that be a problem?
Jeff Bezos: I don’t know if this is true for everybody but I suspect it is. At a certain age the basic things about people are largely set. I’m a lottery winner of a certain kind, and I suspect if you were to survey lottery winners you would find that the core things about them don’t really change because they won the lottery. People are always very curious about that. How does it fundamentally change a person when they win a lottery? I don’t think it does very much.
How do you explain to someone who has no idea what you do, why you do it? Why do you do what you’re doing for a living? What gives you the greatest sense of satisfaction about it?
Jeff Bezos: I think one thing I find very motivating — and I think this is probably a very common form of motivation or cause of motivation is, I love people counting on me, and so, you know, today it’s so easy to be motivated, because we have millions of customers counting on us at Amazon.com. We’ve got thousands of investors counting on us. And, we’re a team of thousands of employees all counting on each other. That’s fun.
That’s also pressure, isn’t it?
Jeff Bezos: I don’t think so. Maybe for some people it would be. Fortunately, there are a lot of different people motivated by a lot of different things. My wife is working on a novel, and that’s about as opposite as you could get in some ways, because when you’re working on a novel you are really counting on yourself. If you don’t finish that novel, there aren’t a whole bunch of people counting on you. To me, that would be incredibly stressful, because the amount of self-discipline required to have the follow through to do that, even though nobody will say a single negative word if you just give up, that’s hard if you ask me. I have a lot of respect for novelists who are able to do that.
In your life have you ever considered giving up something you were doing?
Jeff Bezos: Well, I gave up trying to be a great physicist and I’ll tell you, that was very difficult for me. I mean, it’s something that I had my sights set on for a long time, and it was a harsh realization that there were these awe-inspiring people whose brains were just wired differently. So, yeah, sure.
Looking ahead, is there some idea or problem or challenge that interests you?
Jeff Bezos: On a personal level, very interested in exploration of space. Since I was a little kid I have always been interested. When I was at Princeton I was president of SEDS, which stands for Students for the Exploration and Development of Space. If I ever get the chance I’d like to go investigate the moon and Mars and tool around our solar system a little bit. I don’t know if I’ll ever get that chance. It’s technically a very hard problem.
If a young person came to you for advice, “How do I make the most out of my life?” what would you say to them?
Jeff Bezos: Do something you’re very passionate about, and don’t try to chase what is kind of the ‘hot passion’ of the day. I think we actually saw this. I think you see it all over the place in many different contexts, but I think we saw it in the Internet world quite a bit, where, at sort of the peak of the Internet mania in — say 1999 — you found people who were very passionate of something, and they kind of left that job and decided, “I’m going to do something on the Internet because it’s almost like the 1849 Gold Rush in a way.” I mean, you find that people — if you go back and study the history of the 1949 Gold Rush you find that, at that time, everybody who was within shouting distance of California was — you know, they might have been a doctor, but they quit being a doctor and they started panning for gold, and that almost never works. And, even if it does work, according to some metric, financial success, or whatever it might be, I suspect it leaves you ultimately unsatisfied. So, you really need to be very clear with yourself. And I think one of the best ways to do that is this notion of projecting yourself forward to age 80, looking back on your life, and trying to make sure you’ve minimized the number of regrets you have. That works for career decisions. It works for family decisions. I have a 14-month old son, and it’s very easy for me to — if I think about myself when I’m 80, I know I want to watch that little guy grow up, and so it’s — I don’t want to be 80 and think, “Shoot! You know, I missed that whole thing, and I don’t have the kind of relationship with my son that I wished I had,” and so on and so on.
Another thing that I would recommend to people is that they always take a long-term point of view. I think this is something about which there’s a lot of controversy. A lot of people — and I’m just not one of them — believe that you should live for the now. I think what you do is think about the great expanse of time ahead of you and try to make sure that you’re planning for that in a way that’s going to leave you ultimately satisfied. This is the way it works for me. There are a lot of paths to satisfaction and you need to find one that works for you.
What kind of responsibility goes along with the kind of success you’ve had?
Jeff Bezos: If you are a lottery winner, as I am, then one of the things that you get a chance to do at some point in your life is to be a philanthropist and so, I didn’t grow up hoping, “Boy! Maybe I’ll be a philanthropist one day!” That wasn’t ever on my list of archeologist, astronaut, those things I wanted to be. Physicist. I think in large part because I never expected to have the means to be a philanthropist, but I think that if you win a lottery of this kind of size, that one of the things that, over time, you have an obligation to do, is to think about the ways that that wealth can be used in a highly leveraged way. I also think, by the way, it’s really easy to give away money in highly unleveraged ways where it’s just a waste of money and I suspect that it takes as much time, energy, focus and hard work to effectively give away money as it does to get it in the first place.
What’s important to you and why?
Jeff Bezos: I think one of the things that’s most important to me is one of the notions that the United States was founded on, and that is liberty. It’s a very difficult thing. There’s lots of very interesting stuff to think about in this regard, and it just so happens that a free market economy, sort of a capitalist system, has a lot of liberty mixed in with it.
We all get to decide how we’re going to go about making our own living and so on and so on. That happens to also be a very effective way of deploying an economy so that you get an economy which mostly makes sense. You know, things mysteriously — because of that invisible hand — tend to work out. I remember there was a time — I may have these statistics slightly wrong — a few years ago there was a heat wave in the South that killed three percent of chickens, and I think egg prices doubled because there were three percent fewer chickens. Well, that means that the number of chickens is roughly right, even though there’s nobody deciding how many chickens there should be. So, that is a very interesting fact, I think, that a free market economy — which by necessity involves a lot of liberty — just happens to work well in terms of allocating resources. But, imagine a different world. Imagine a world where some incredibly artificially intelligent computer could actually do a better job than the invisible hand of allocating resources, and were to say, “There shouldn’t be this many chickens, there should be this many chickens,” just a few more or a few less. Well, that might even lead to more aggregate wealth. So, it might be a society that if you give up liberty, everybody could be a little wealthier. Now, the question that I would pose is, if that turned out to be the world, “Is that a good trade?” Personally, I don’t think so. Personally I think it would be a terrible trade. And, I sometimes worry about that, because I think it’s a coincidence that liberty tends to do such a good job of creating an economy that functions well.
Do you have any concerns about what role the computer may play in our lives in the years ahead?
Jeff Bezos: Not the computer per se, but I do often have concerns about the role that technology more generally may play in the years ahead. You know, if you look over long periods of time, look over hundreds of years, and look at the average sort of life cycle of a new technology, what you find is that it’s getting compressed and compressed and compressed, so the rate of change is getting faster and faster. Every decade that goes by, there’s more important discoveries per unit time than there were in the previous decade. And, a lot of these discoveries tend to have two uses. I mean, technologies tend to be agnostic with respect to whether they can be used for good or used for evil. I think that over the next 50 years we are going to face a lot of very tough decisions as a society in how we make sure that we are harnessing those technologies for good purposes.
What does the American Dream mean to you?
Jeff Bezos: I think I already answered it, because I think the American Dream is about liberty. But I’ll add one other thing to what I said earlier. Liberty, giving people the freedom to do what they want — as long as they’re not hurting somebody else — is super important. I think it’s the core essence of the American Dream. I think at times we as a people get confused about it.
I think people should carefully reread the first part of the Declaration of Independence, because I think sometimes we as a society start to get confused and think that we have a right to happiness, but if you read the Declaration of Independence, it talks about “life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.” Nobody has a right to happiness. You should have a right to pursue it, and I think the core of that is liberty.
Thank you very much.
It has been my pleasure.




Read full interview








Jeffrey P. Bezos Gallery



16 photos




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 






























 












































"Jeffrey P. Bezos" by Shahad Alkhalifah on PreziCreateExploreLearn & supportGet startedLog inPricingGet startedLog inMy PrezisExploreLearn & supportProductCompanyCareersSupportCommunityContactAppsEnglishEspañol한국어日本語DeutschPortuguêsFrançaisMagyarItaliano×Houston, we have a problem!Oops. A firewall is blocking access to Prezi content. Check out this article to learn more or contact your system administrator.
            Stand out and be remembered with Prezi,  
            the secret weapon of great presenters.
        
                    Get started today
                
                    Get started
                
            What is Prezi?
            
                Learn more
            
                Loading presentation...
            
        You’re using the new, improved player. You can always go back to the old viewer.
    Switch back
            
                
                    Public
                
            
            
                & reusable
            
        
            Create your own
        
                    Make a copy
                
    Share

        Embed
    
                Liked
            
                Like
            Present Remotely Send the link below via email or IMCopy Present to your audienceStart remote presentationInvited audience members will follow you as you navigate and presentPeople invited to a presentation do not need a Prezi accountThis link expires 10 minutes after you close the presentationA maximum of 30 users can follow your presentationLearn more about this feature in our knowledge base article
    Do you really want to delete this prezi?

    Neither you, nor the coeditors you shared it with will be able to recover it again.
DeleteCancelMake your likes visible on Facebook?
        Connect your Facebook account to Prezi and let your likes appear on your timeline.
        You can change this under Settings & Account at any time.
    No, thanksConnect with Facebook"Jeffrey P. Bezos"
                            
                                Management Skills Project ..
                            
                        
        
            by Shahad Alkhalifah
        
        on 22 April 2014
    TweetComments (0)
                                    Please log in to add your comment.
                                Report abuseTranscript of "Jeffrey P. Bezos""Jeffrey P. Bezos"Bezos's BUsinessAmazon started as an online seller of books frequently unavailable at local bookstores, but Amazon’s industry transformation has gone far beyond bookselling with time to a company that sells every product out there from A-ZBezos’s characteristicsJeff has some different characteristics that made him a great entrepreneur. Here are some of his characteristics:Human SkillsBezos being aware of the perspectives of the customers is able to shape the goals and needs of the company to meet these needs of the customer.Bezos's Buziness  Jeffrey is what many would consider extremely successful. He is one of the founding fathers of e-commerce and the CEO of Internet commerce giant Amazon.com . Bezos started the company in 1994His CreativityHe's creative and inventor person. He likes having the creativity and general intelligent together.He’s the one who invented E-commerce. He created AMAZON in 1995 and that a genius idea ( Amazon cart ) has turned amazon into the largest online retailerConceptual skillsIt is good at putting the company’s goals into words and can understand the economic principles that affect the company.Bezos work ethic and roots of pushing himself while working hard to succeed builds learnings of self-reliance.Decision making skills    He has a different decision making style He doesn’t  just do things he tries to reinvent how things are done He demands excellence out of everyone around him.Think Big” that’s a frequent phrase around amazon.Customer focusor Bezos, customer satisfaction isn’t just everything, it’s the only thing. "The most important single thing is to focus obsessively on the customer.Our goal is to be earth’s most customer-centric company.” Bezos said.Recognizing opportunitiesWhen Jeffrey first noticed that the usage of the internet in growing by 2300 percent a month he immediately recognized the entrepreneurial opportunity of developing an internet business.Managing StressIn one of his interviews, Jeff said that he deals with stress by laughing and patience. “Stress comes from ignoring Students Names1.Shahad alkhalifah2.Jawaher alzooman3.Muneera AlRays4.Alanoud AlfaisalFull transcriptMore presentations by
    
        
            Shahad Alkhalifah
        Untitled PreziPopular presentationsSee more popular or the latest prezisProductCompanyCareersSupportCommunityContactApps
                                English
                            
                                español
                            
                                한국어
                            
                                日本語
                            
                                Deutsch
                            
                                Português
                            
                                français
                            
                                Magyar
                            
                                italiano
                            
        © 2017 Prezi Inc. 
        TermsConnect your Facebook account to Prezi and publish your likes in the future. OkNo, thanks
Jeff Bezos Just Wiped Another Billion Dollars Off a Rival’s Valuation | Vanity FairVanity FairSign InAmazonJeff Bezos Just Wiped Another Billion Dollars Off a Rival’s ValuationAmazon’s relentless expansion claims another victim.by Maya KosoffJuly 10, 2017 3:24 pmEmailFacebookTwitterBy Amanda Edwards/WireImage.Leave it to Amazon C.E.O. Jeff Bezos to keep finding new and interesting ways to step on his competitors. Last month, the e-commerce giant wreaked havoc on rival grocery stores when it announced a $13.7 billion acquisition of Whole Foods, immediately confronting dozens of companies with the prospect of having to compete with food-delivery service Amazon Fresh. In one day, investors pulled billions of dollars from competing businesses, with the market cap destruction totaling almost $40 billion for the 20 worst-performing food and retail stocks on the S&P alone. Days later, meal-kit delivery service Blue Apron was forced to slash its target I.P.O. value by nearly one billion dollars; the stock has since slumped by about 20 percent.Now, Amazon is moving onto Best Buy’s turf. Recode reports that the $483 billion company is assembling its own Geek Squad to rival Best Buy’s famed tech assistance team, amassing an army of gadget experts and handymen to help install smart-home products inside customers’ homes in seven west coast markets, including Seattle, Washington, Portland, Oregon, and a number of California cities.Much like the Geek Squad, Amazon’s new service offers workers who come to your home at a designated appointment time, booked through Amazon’s website or, one imagines, through the company’s smart-home device, the Echo. The company has also started offering “Alexa Smart Home Consultations,” a 45-minute demo with an Amazon expert who tests the strength of customer’s Wi-Fi network and let’s them try out various smart-home products before making a customized list of recommendations for Amazon products. It’s a push to close the gap for people who may not fully understand how smart devices work, or why they’d use them in their homes, while promoting the capabilities of the Echo voice assistant.Shares of Best Buy plunged in value immediately after the news broke Monday, shaving about $1 billion off the retail electronics company’s market cap. That drop may reflect investor worries that Amazon could potentially compete with Best Buy’s in-home handyman service, which has been a cash cow for the company. But it also underscores worries that Best Buy will face competition in one of the few areas where it maintained a unique edge. While other brick-and-mortar retailers have felt the pinch from online competition, Best Buy’s stock has soared in recent years, in part thanks to Geek Squad’s ability to bridge the gap between retail stores, e-commerce, and in-home consumer education. Where other retailers floundered, Best Buy doubled down on staff training, turned stores into demonstration spaces, and leveraged its physical locations into distribution hubs for fulfilling online sales. The Geek Squad has been a central part of that vision.Now, Amazon is making a concerted effort to own that entire customer experience, including the in-person assistance that has been a major asset for Best Buy. It’s worth noting that Amazon already has a third-party marketplace on its website offering home services like device installation, but this new initiative seems like a push to get users to start thinking about the Echo as central to an Amazon ecosystem that now includes brick-and-mortar bookstores and grocery stores. Plus, educating customers about its smart-home services won’t happen overnight—at least not without some hand-holding. It can’t all happen virtually.Though Amazon has long been considered an online retailer and logistics business, it’s made clear in recent years that its ambitions include expanding into just about any related sector or industry. The world’s fourth-most valuable public company has moved far beyond retail and into digital media, including a TV and movie production company; a logistics business complete with its own aircraft, trucks, and drones; an in-house line of home goods; and cloud computing and Web services. Now, Amazon wants to add being on your doorstep and in your home to that long, and growing list.ShareEmailFacebookTwitterMaya KosoffMaya Kosoff writes about tech for VF.com, with a focus on start-ups and venture capital.YOU MIGHT LIKETrump Jr.’s Response to Offer for Russian Info on Clinton? “I Love It”Vanity FairThe Mega-Rich Can Breathe Easy! Steve Mnuchin Rushes to Assure Them Trump Won’t Raise Their TaxesVanity Fair“Idiocy”: Trump Caves After Critics Slam New Plan to Work with RussiaVanity FairJared Kushner Blames Everyone Else for His Russian HeadacheVanity FairTrump’s Hold on the Republican Party Begins to BreakVanity FairHas Trump Finally Entered the Death Spiral?Vanity FairAround the WebPowered by ZergnetRELATEDSEEKTrump Jr.’s Response to Offer for Russian Info on Clinton? “I Love It”BY ISOBEL THOMPSONThe Mega-Rich Can Breathe Easy! Steve Mnuchin Rushes to Assure Them Trump Won’t Raise Their TaxesBY BESS LEVINSEEKJeff Bezos Just Wiped Another Billion Dollars Off a Rival’s Valuation | Vanity FairVanity FairSign InAmazonJeff Bezos Just Wiped Another Billion Dollars Off a Rival’s ValuationAmazon’s relentless expansion claims another victim.by Maya KosoffJuly 10, 2017 3:24 pmEmailFacebookTwitterBy Amanda Edwards/WireImage.Leave it to Amazon C.E.O. Jeff Bezos to keep finding new and interesting ways to step on his competitors. Last month, the e-commerce giant wreaked havoc on rival grocery stores when it announced a $13.7 billion acquisition of Whole Foods, immediately confronting dozens of companies with the prospect of having to compete with food-delivery service Amazon Fresh. In one day, investors pulled billions of dollars from competing businesses, with the market cap destruction totaling almost $40 billion for the 20 worst-performing food and retail stocks on the S&P alone. Days later, meal-kit delivery service Blue Apron was forced to slash its target I.P.O. value by nearly one billion dollars; the stock has since slumped by about 20 percent.Now, Amazon is moving onto Best Buy’s turf. Recode reports that the $483 billion company is assembling its own Geek Squad to rival Best Buy’s famed tech assistance team, amassing an army of gadget experts and handymen to help install smart-home products inside customers’ homes in seven west coast markets, including Seattle, Washington, Portland, Oregon, and a number of California cities.Much like the Geek Squad, Amazon’s new service offers workers who come to your home at a designated appointment time, booked through Amazon’s website or, one imagines, through the company’s smart-home device, the Echo. The company has also started offering “Alexa Smart Home Consultations,” a 45-minute demo with an Amazon expert who tests the strength of customer’s Wi-Fi network and let’s them try out various smart-home products before making a customized list of recommendations for Amazon products. It’s a push to close the gap for people who may not fully understand how smart devices work, or why they’d use them in their homes, while promoting the capabilities of the Echo voice assistant.Shares of Best Buy plunged in value immediately after the news broke Monday, shaving about $1 billion off the retail electronics company’s market cap. That drop may reflect investor worries that Amazon could potentially compete with Best Buy’s in-home handyman service, which has been a cash cow for the company. But it also underscores worries that Best Buy will face competition in one of the few areas where it maintained a unique edge. While other brick-and-mortar retailers have felt the pinch from online competition, Best Buy’s stock has soared in recent years, in part thanks to Geek Squad’s ability to bridge the gap between retail stores, e-commerce, and in-home consumer education. Where other retailers floundered, Best Buy doubled down on staff training, turned stores into demonstration spaces, and leveraged its physical locations into distribution hubs for fulfilling online sales. The Geek Squad has been a central part of that vision.Now, Amazon is making a concerted effort to own that entire customer experience, including the in-person assistance that has been a major asset for Best Buy. It’s worth noting that Amazon already has a third-party marketplace on its website offering home services like device installation, but this new initiative seems like a push to get users to start thinking about the Echo as central to an Amazon ecosystem that now includes brick-and-mortar bookstores and grocery stores. Plus, educating customers about its smart-home services won’t happen overnight—at least not without some hand-holding. It can’t all happen virtually.Though Amazon has long been considered an online retailer and logistics business, it’s made clear in recent years that its ambitions include expanding into just about any related sector or industry. The world’s fourth-most valuable public company has moved far beyond retail and into digital media, including a TV and movie production company; a logistics business complete with its own aircraft, trucks, and drones; an in-house line of home goods; and cloud computing and Web services. Now, Amazon wants to add being on your doorstep and in your home to that long, and growing list.ShareEmailFacebookTwitterMaya KosoffMaya Kosoff writes about tech for VF.com, with a focus on start-ups and venture capital.YOU MIGHT LIKETrump Jr.’s Response to Offer for Russian Info on Clinton? “I Love It”Vanity FairThe Mega-Rich Can Breathe Easy! Steve Mnuchin Rushes to Assure Them Trump Won’t Raise Their TaxesVanity Fair“Idiocy”: Trump Caves After Critics Slam New Plan to Work with RussiaVanity FairJared Kushner Blames Everyone Else for His Russian HeadacheVanity FairTrump’s Hold on the Republican Party Begins to BreakVanity FairHas Trump Finally Entered the Death Spiral?Vanity FairAround the WebPowered by ZergnetRELATEDSEEKTrump Jr.’s Response to Offer for Russian Info on Clinton? “I Love It”BY ISOBEL THOMPSONThe Mega-Rich Can Breathe Easy! Steve Mnuchin Rushes to Assure Them Trump Won’t Raise Their TaxesBY BESS LEVINSEEK




 








































Jeff Bezos: The Terminator (NASDAQ:AMZN) | Benzinga



















Benzinga


Benzinga Pro


Marketfy


Financial Data & APIs


Fintech Awards


Premarket Prep







Membership is FreeWhat are you waiting for? Sign up now!
Username: 


Username available!Username taken!
Email: 


Email available!Email taken!
Password: 



Leave blank: 




OR




Free Account Login
Click here to access your premium account

Username or email: 



Password: 




OR

Forgot password?'

Looking for



?

CLICK HERE




  Contribute Login Sign up  

 
 
 


Benzinga - Feed Your Mind.












HomeBest of Benzinga
Careers
About
Contact Us
Partners
Benzinga Fintech Awards

NewsEarnings
Guidance
Dividends
M&A
Buybacks
Legal
Interviews
Management
Retail Sales
Offerings
IPOs
Insider Trades
Biotech/FDA

MarketsPre-Market
After Hours
Movers
Forex
Commodities
Options
Binary Options
Bonds
Futures
Global Economics
Previews
Reviews
Small-Cap

RatingsAnalyst Color
Downgrades
Upgrades
Initiations
Price Target

IdeasLong Ideas
Short Ideas
Technicals
From The Press
Jim Cramer
Rumors
ETFs

TechStart-Ups

Fintech
Personal Finance
Marketfy
Benzinga Pro











Earnings
Guidance
Dividends
M&A
Buybacks
Legal
Interviews
Management
Retail Sales
Offerings
IPOs
Insider Trades
Biotech/FDA












Market Overview















TickersArticlesKeywordsSearch by keyword...googlecse


 



 
 






Jeff Bezos: The Terminator







Wayne Duggan , Benzinga Staff Writer  
 





 

      {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}}
     



              July 14, 2017 12:46pm            
 
Comments





Share:
 






 


Related AMZN

Wall Street's M&A Chatter From July 21-23: WebMD, Asda, GraphIQ, Tesoro-Western Refining Logistics 

Investors Bailing On Hedge Funds 

One FANG, One 95+ Stock: Both 2% Off Buys With Earnings Monday (Investor's Business Daily)


Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) and CEO Jeff Bezos have recieved a lot of headlines recently after the company announced an acquisition of Whole Foods Market, Inc. (NASDAQ: WFM) in June. This week, Bezos is getting a bit more attention on Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR), but not for his business savvy--for his fashion sense.
Bezos was photographed at the Allen & Company conference in Sun Valley this week looking more like an action star than a business executive. The picture below inspired a number of Bezos fans to weigh in on the billionaire’s style and physique this week.
Related Link: Floyd Mayweather Issues 'The Mayweather Challenge' On Social Media: Here Are The Most Hilarious Responses
With Amazon stock up another 33.5 percent in 2017, Bezos has earned the right to dress any way he’d like. In fact, as of late May, Bezos was within a measly $5 billion or so of surpassing Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT) co-founder Bill Gates as the richest person in the world. With a net worth of more than $82 billion, Bezos should have no problem enduring a few good-natured jabs at his fashion sense.
Here’s a look at what people had to say.
Some tweeters thought Bezos looked particularly Hollywood-esque.


Some noted that Bezos has definitely been hitting the gym.


At age 53, some Twitter users suggested that Bezos may have borrowed a page out of HBO’s “Silicon Valley” Hooli CEO Gavin Belson’s book on maintaining a youthful appearance.


Others speculated that Bezos was serving as a living advertisement for Whole Foods nutritional products.


Finally, one tweeter suggested there as a simple explanation for Bezos' unconventional appearance at the conference.

Image credit: Steve Jurvetson, Flickr

Posted-In: Arnold Schwarzenegger Jeff Bezos The TerminatorMovers & Shakers Crowdsourcing Media General Best of Benzinga
© 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
 



Related Articles (AMZN + MSFT)




Wall Street's M&A Chatter From July 21-23: WebMD, Asda, GraphIQ, Tesoro-Western Refining Logistics




Investors Bailing On Hedge Funds




Picking Marijuana-Related Investments: Phyto Partners Walks Us Through Its Criteria




The Scope Of Amazon's Whole Foods Deal: Carrier's Gain Is Parcel Deliverer's Loss




Kohl's CEO: While Competitors Are Closing Stores, We Are Investing In Ours




Amazon Is The Google Of Shopping: A Third Of Americans First Look Online To Start Their Shopping Searches



 

View Comments and Join the Discussion!
View the discussion thread.









 










        Newsletter & Alerts
      










          Become a Wall-Street Wizard.
        




Market in 5 Minutes
Everything you need to know about the market - quick & easy.





Daily Analyst Rating
A summary of each day’s top rating changes from sell-side  analysts on the street.





FinTech Focus
Yesterday’s biggest gainers and losers. As well as 10 stocks to keep an eye on for Today






TERMS & CONDITIONS





Thank You
for registering for Benzinga’s newsletters and alerts.



            • The Daily Analysts Ratings email will be received daily between 7am and 10am.
          

            • The Market in 5 Minutes email will be received daily between 7am and 8am.
          

            • The Fintech Focus email will be received every Friday between 2pm and 5pm.
          


          If you have any questions as it relates to either of the three newsletters, please feel free to contact us at  1-877-440-ZING.
        









  Sign up for email alerts on AMZN






Trending
Recent








1
CACC, ALLY: Different Market, Same Story: Subprime Auto Loan Defaults On The Rise


2
PLAY, BLMN: The Restaurant Sector Q2 Earnings Cheat Sheet


3
NVDA: Cramer's Plea To New Investors: Don't Just Lis...


4
MSFT, CSCO: Tech Sector Finally Recovers From The Dot-Com...


5
DIS, SNE: Hollywood Seeks Salvation At San Diego...


6
SBUX, WEN: Previewing Q2 Earnings For Th...


7
AMZN, GOOG: Amazon Is The Googl...

 





1
WBMD: WebMD Agrees To Sell Itself To KKR At A 20% Premium


2
HAS, HTZ: 25 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session


3
WBMD, GS: A Peek Into The Markets: U.S. Stock Futures Edge Lower; Alph...


4
WNRL, KKR: Wall Street's M&A Chatter From July 21-23:...


5
MCD: Dan Nathan's Bearish McDonald's Trade


6
FB: Mike Khouw's Bearish Facebook Trade


7
GOOGL, LII: 8 Stocks To Watch For July 24, 2017

 






 



View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. 



 












          Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content.
        





Popular ChannelsAnalyst Ratings
Be Your Own Boss
ETFs
Economics
Forex
Hot
News
Options
Press Releases
Start-ups
Tech
Tools & FeaturesAffiliate Program
PreMarket Prep
Feeds
News Widget
Real Time Feed
Sitemap
Submit News Tips
About BenzingaAbout Us
Licensing and APIs
Apps (iOS and Android)
Fintech Awards
Blog
Syndication
In the News
Careers
Service Status
Contact Us
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


Benzinga Partners
 


 


1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING)
© Copyright Benzinga


















12 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Friday



The Saga Of 'White Boy Rick' Nears Conclusion With Parole Grant























 








































Jeff Bezos: The Terminator (NASDAQ:AMZN) | Benzinga



















Benzinga


Benzinga Pro


Marketfy


Financial Data & APIs


Fintech Awards


Premarket Prep







Membership is FreeWhat are you waiting for? Sign up now!
Username: 


Username available!Username taken!
Email: 


Email available!Email taken!
Password: 



Leave blank: 




OR




Free Account Login
Click here to access your premium account

Username or email: 



Password: 




OR

Forgot password?'

Looking for



?

CLICK HERE




  Contribute Login Sign up  

 
 
 


Benzinga - Feed Your Mind.












HomeBest of Benzinga
Careers
About
Contact Us
Partners
Benzinga Fintech Awards

NewsEarnings
Guidance
Dividends
M&A
Buybacks
Legal
Interviews
Management
Retail Sales
Offerings
IPOs
Insider Trades
Biotech/FDA

MarketsPre-Market
After Hours
Movers
Forex
Commodities
Options
Binary Options
Bonds
Futures
Global Economics
Previews
Reviews
Small-Cap

RatingsAnalyst Color
Downgrades
Upgrades
Initiations
Price Target

IdeasLong Ideas
Short Ideas
Technicals
From The Press
Jim Cramer
Rumors
ETFs

TechStart-Ups

Fintech
Personal Finance
Marketfy
Benzinga Pro











Earnings
Guidance
Dividends
M&A
Buybacks
Legal
Interviews
Management
Retail Sales
Offerings
IPOs
Insider Trades
Biotech/FDA












Market Overview















TickersArticlesKeywordsSearch by keyword...googlecse


 



 
 






Jeff Bezos: The Terminator







Wayne Duggan , Benzinga Staff Writer  
 





 

      {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}}
     



              July 14, 2017 12:46pm            
 
Comments





Share:
 






 


Related AMZN

Wall Street's M&A Chatter From July 21-23: WebMD, Asda, GraphIQ, Tesoro-Western Refining Logistics 

Investors Bailing On Hedge Funds 

One FANG, One 95+ Stock: Both 2% Off Buys With Earnings Monday (Investor's Business Daily)


Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) and CEO Jeff Bezos have recieved a lot of headlines recently after the company announced an acquisition of Whole Foods Market, Inc. (NASDAQ: WFM) in June. This week, Bezos is getting a bit more attention on Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR), but not for his business savvy--for his fashion sense.
Bezos was photographed at the Allen & Company conference in Sun Valley this week looking more like an action star than a business executive. The picture below inspired a number of Bezos fans to weigh in on the billionaire’s style and physique this week.
Related Link: Floyd Mayweather Issues 'The Mayweather Challenge' On Social Media: Here Are The Most Hilarious Responses
With Amazon stock up another 33.5 percent in 2017, Bezos has earned the right to dress any way he’d like. In fact, as of late May, Bezos was within a measly $5 billion or so of surpassing Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT) co-founder Bill Gates as the richest person in the world. With a net worth of more than $82 billion, Bezos should have no problem enduring a few good-natured jabs at his fashion sense.
Here’s a look at what people had to say.
Some tweeters thought Bezos looked particularly Hollywood-esque.


Some noted that Bezos has definitely been hitting the gym.


At age 53, some Twitter users suggested that Bezos may have borrowed a page out of HBO’s “Silicon Valley” Hooli CEO Gavin Belson’s book on maintaining a youthful appearance.


Others speculated that Bezos was serving as a living advertisement for Whole Foods nutritional products.


Finally, one tweeter suggested there as a simple explanation for Bezos' unconventional appearance at the conference.

Image credit: Steve Jurvetson, Flickr

Posted-In: Arnold Schwarzenegger Jeff Bezos The TerminatorMovers & Shakers Crowdsourcing Media General Best of Benzinga
© 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
 



Related Articles (AMZN + MSFT)




Wall Street's M&A Chatter From July 21-23: WebMD, Asda, GraphIQ, Tesoro-Western Refining Logistics




Investors Bailing On Hedge Funds




Picking Marijuana-Related Investments: Phyto Partners Walks Us Through Its Criteria




The Scope Of Amazon's Whole Foods Deal: Carrier's Gain Is Parcel Deliverer's Loss




Kohl's CEO: While Competitors Are Closing Stores, We Are Investing In Ours




Amazon Is The Google Of Shopping: A Third Of Americans First Look Online To Start Their Shopping Searches



 

View Comments and Join the Discussion!
View the discussion thread.









 










        Newsletter & Alerts
      










          Become a Wall-Street Wizard.
        




Market in 5 Minutes
Everything you need to know about the market - quick & easy.





Daily Analyst Rating
A summary of each day’s top rating changes from sell-side  analysts on the street.





FinTech Focus
Yesterday’s biggest gainers and losers. As well as 10 stocks to keep an eye on for Today






TERMS & CONDITIONS





Thank You
for registering for Benzinga’s newsletters and alerts.



            • The Daily Analysts Ratings email will be received daily between 7am and 10am.
          

            • The Market in 5 Minutes email will be received daily between 7am and 8am.
          

            • The Fintech Focus email will be received every Friday between 2pm and 5pm.
          


          If you have any questions as it relates to either of the three newsletters, please feel free to contact us at  1-877-440-ZING.
        









  Sign up for email alerts on AMZN






Trending
Recent








1
SC, CACC: Different Market, Same Story: Subprime Auto Loan Defaults On The Rise


2
BLMN, DIN: The Restaurant Sector Q2 Earnings Cheat Sheet


3
NVDA: Cramer's Plea To New Investors: Don't Just Listen...


4
AAPL, XLK: Tech Sector Finally Recovers From The Dot-Com Bubb...


5
DIS, FOXA: Hollywood Seeks Salvation At San Diego Co...


6
GOOG, GOOGL: Amazon Is The Google Of Shoppi...


7
EAT, DPZ: Previewing Q2 Earnings...

 





1
MCD: Dan Nathan's Bearish McDonald's Trade


2
FB: Mike Khouw's Bearish Facebook Trade


3
SWK, LII: 8 Stocks To Watch For July 24, 2017


4
Economic Data Scheduled For Monday


5
SWFT, CALM: Earnings Scheduled For July 24, 2017


6
FB, SLCA: Watch These 5 Huge Put Purchases In Monday Trade


7
RMD, BJRI: Watch These 5 Huge Call Purchases In Mon...

 






 



View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. 



 












          Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content.
        





Popular ChannelsAnalyst Ratings
Be Your Own Boss
ETFs
Economics
Forex
Hot
News
Options
Press Releases
Start-ups
Tech
Tools & FeaturesAffiliate Program
PreMarket Prep
Feeds
News Widget
Real Time Feed
Sitemap
Submit News Tips
About BenzingaAbout Us
Licensing and APIs
Apps (iOS and Android)
Fintech Awards
Blog
Syndication
In the News
Careers
Service Status
Contact Us
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


Benzinga Partners
 


 


1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING)
© Copyright Benzinga


















12 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Friday



The Saga Of 'White Boy Rick' Nears Conclusion With Parole Grant























Will the Jeff Bezos & Amazon Takeover of Whole Foods Lead to More Innovation, or Less? | Inc.com
































































































































































You're about to be redirectedWe notice you're visiting us from a region where we have a local version of Inc.com.READ THIS ARTICLE ON or remain on inc.com






















Startup 







Best Industries


Funding


Incubators


Business Plans


Naming


Home-Based Business


The UPS StoreView




Grow 







MB Vans


Strategy


Operations


Sales


Marketing


Customer Service


Franchises


Build




Lead 







Company Culture


Productivity


Public Speaking


Hiring


HR/Benefits


Women Entrepreneurs


Rising Stars


T-MobileView




Innovate 







Creativity


Invent


Design


Pivot




Technology 







Cloud Computing


Social Media


Security


Big Data




Money 







Bootstrapping


Crowdfunding


Venture Capital


Borrowing


Business Models


Personal Finance




Inc. 5000 







The 2016 US List


The 2017 Europe List


Apply Inc. 5000 US




Special Reports 







Notes to My Younger Self


Disruptive 25


Best Workplaces


Icons of Entrepreneurship


Best Industries


30 Under 30


Extreme Entrepreneurship


Main Street


World's Coolest Offices


College Startups


Founders 10


Design Awards




Video 







Tip Sheet


The Playbook


Founders Forum


Peak Performance


Women Who Lead


Notes to My Younger Self


World's Coolest Offices


How I Did It


Lift


Inc. Tested


Drinks With…


GrowCo 2017


Origin Stories


Inc. Live




Events 







Full Schedule


Inc. Women's Summit


Inc.5000 Conference & Gala


Iconic


GrowCo Conference




Inc. BrandView 

NEWSLETTERS 

MAGAZINE 

PARTNER CONTENT 







Inc. BrandView


Inc. Branded Content


Inc. Franchise




PODCASTS 

SUBSCRIBE 

ADVERTISE 

INC. RADIO 

INC. BUSINESS HUB 







Inc. Verified Profile


Inc. Plus


Send Press Releases


Plan for your business


Secure Funding


Get Published




OTHER EDITIONS 







Inc. ASEAN


Inc. Arabia




SITEMAP 

PRIVACY 

PRESS QUERIES 

AD CHOICE 






 






































 Search


Newsletters


Follow


Subscribe








































Today's Must Reads






Inc. Events & Offers





Inc. Partner Events & Offers




























Forgot Password?




 Enter your email to reset your password











Or sign up using: 




































New member? Sign up now.
Sign in if you're already registered.


 
 
































Get Inc. Straight to Your Inbox
SIGN UP FOR TODAY'S 5 MUST READS


Sign Me Up


































													  INNOVATE
													







Jeff Bezos' Whole Foods Ambition: What Does it Mean for Amazon?


Is Amazon getting too big to fail?






 By Jeremy Goldman


Jeremy Goldman is the founder and CEO of Firebrand Group, which counts Consumer Reports, L'Oréal, and Unilever among its clientele. He is the author of the award-winning 2012 book Going Social: Excite Customers, Generate Buzz, and Energize Your Brand With the Power of Social Media, which teaches brands large and small how to use social media for business success.
@jeremarketer 


Founder and CEO, Firebrand Group @jeremarketer 










WRITE A COMMENT
























CREDIT: Getty Images










In case you've been living under a rock, Amazon has been in the news quite a bit lately. In large part, it's been due to the massive acquisition of Whole Foods, which surprised many pundits, and proved that Amazon is looking to. But as my Firebrand Group team and I organized the first-ever Innovation Congress in partnership with Social Fresh, I thought it would be a good idea to get ahold of some of the conference's top speakers and ask them something important: is Jeff Bezos' takeover of Whole Foods - not to mention Amazon Fresh's moves to compete against Blue Apron - a good thing for business innovation, or anti-competitive?
Here's what they had to say:
The dawn of a grocery revolution
For Tyler Riewer, Brand Content Lead at charity: water, Amazon is "Google in real life" -- a "physical form of instant gratification." Amazon delivers any and every item that he "could possibly want or need", and groceries are no exception.
Riewer thinks that Amazon's acquisition of Whole Foods is not only in line with the ethos of the company; it also marks the start of a grocery revolution. Grocery stores "are just middlemen for our food", so eventually we won't need them anymore. He predicts that food will "come straight from the farm to our homes, likely via drone. It'll be the return of the milkman -- but the milkman will have AI."
Good for consumers, tough for grocers
Kristen  Scholer, senior anchor at video news network Cheddar, sees Amazon's nearly $14 billion purchase of Whole Foods as a perfect example of Amazon's ambitions as a company. "By gobbling up the grocery chain, Amazon is trying to capture more grocery purchases and more deliveries," notes Scholer. But more than that, it's "a data play that should give Amazon more information about how consumers shop", while also expanding Amazon's network and filling distribution gaps.
From a consumer's point of view, this might be beneficial, "especially if Amazon uses its e-commerce know-how to bring the premium prices at Whole Foods down so they're near its competitors." Grocers, however, face a bigger question: how to compete against a giant like Amazon? Scholer points out that, while grocery delivery is growing quickly, Amazon has already captured a significant share of that market through its Fresh, Prime and Prime Now services. Other grocers "will have to decide whether to invest in their own delivery services, give up profits to start-ups or risk Amazon eating more of their lunch", and companies like Instacart, Peapod and FreshDirect face greater pressure to maintain growth while continuing to deliver quality groceries.
Continuing to change the way we shop
Sharon Feder, Chief Content Officer at The Muse calls the deal fascinating. "Amazon has profoundly changed the way we shop and our expectations around quick delivery time and convenience," she says. "With this acquisition, they're positioned to do the same for the way we buy groceries."
This goes beyond food. With the retail space that Amazon is getting, which includes prime retail spaces in key urban and suburban areas, they will "now have even stronger distribution for quick deliveries."
A real estate deal
Like Feder, Jason Keath of Social Fresh sees the acquisition as being "as much supply chain and branding as it is a real estate deal." For him, "there is an obvious alignment between Amazon's affluent Prime members and Whole Foods organic devotees." In addition to having a solid consumer base, Amazon has now come into possession of "one of the best organic food supply chains in the US," as well as one of the most trusted.
In order to prevent Amazon from "quickly [running] away with their end of the market", however, other grocers need to partner with technology firms or "build their own competing grocery delivery" services. If they don't innovate, they'll find it incredibly difficult to compete.
Build, partner or buy
Leslie Bradshaw of Bionic see Amazon's decision to expand its grocery business as being illustrative of "the process of iterating to learn and find market fit, and, based on that, deciding whether to build, partner or buy." The fact that Amazon chose to buy Whole Foods outright despite being a company known for "some of the best home-grown, organic innovation out there" suggests that "Whole Foods offered an opportunity Amazon concluded it couldn't build itself" -- namely, their customer base, retail presence and scale in the grocery industry.
Other companies need to learn from Amazon's example by taking note of "how Amazon approached this challenging market" after "over a decade" of experimentation in the grocery space. In other words, they only decided to make a serious move in the market after long, detailed study of what needed to be done and how innovation could be achieved.
Unexpected, but good in the long run
Noted branded content expert (and fellow Inc columnist) Melanie Deziel thinks that we should "all take a step back and see the logic and potential in a merger like this." While Amazon's move may have seemed unexpected, it's not the first surprising acquisition they've made: Jeff Bezos' purchase of the Washington Post also took many by storm.
For Deziel, even those unexpected courses of action "have come to benefit us as consumers." She points out that "you'd be hard-pressed to argue that the Washington Post hasn't benefited from the resources, technology and mindset" that Bezos has provided them with. "The ad products are better, the reading experience is more seamless and the company has taken a more innovative approach to story display and delivery," she says. "Hopefully we'll see the same sort of innovation for the grocery buying, ordering, inventory, and delivery experience coming from this merger."
Ultimately, the Amazon-Whole Foods deal leaves a lot of questions unanswered. One thing is for certain: the next few months will be fascinating to watch.


Like this column? Sign up to subscribe to email alerts and you'll never miss a post. The opinions expressed here by Inc.com columnists are their own, not those of Inc.com.



Published on: Jul 20, 2017

































































































Will the Jeff Bezos & Amazon Takeover of Whole Foods Lead to More Innovation, or Less? | Inc.com
































































































































































You're about to be redirectedWe notice you're visiting us from a region where we have a local version of Inc.com.READ THIS ARTICLE ON or remain on inc.com






















Startup 







Best Industries


Funding


Incubators


Business Plans


Naming


Home-Based Business


The UPS StoreView




Grow 







MB Vans


Strategy


Operations


Sales


Marketing


Customer Service


Franchises


Build




Lead 







Company Culture


Productivity


Public Speaking


Hiring


HR/Benefits


Women Entrepreneurs


Rising Stars


T-MobileView




Innovate 







Creativity


Invent


Design


Pivot




Technology 







Cloud Computing


Social Media


Security


Big Data




Money 







Bootstrapping


Crowdfunding


Venture Capital


Borrowing


Business Models


Personal Finance




Inc. 5000 







The 2016 US List


The 2017 Europe List


Apply Inc. 5000 US




Special Reports 







Notes to My Younger Self


Disruptive 25


Best Workplaces


Icons of Entrepreneurship


Best Industries


30 Under 30


Extreme Entrepreneurship


Main Street


World's Coolest Offices


College Startups


Founders 10


Design Awards




Video 







Tip Sheet


The Playbook


Founders Forum


Peak Performance


Women Who Lead


Notes to My Younger Self


World's Coolest Offices


How I Did It


Lift


Inc. Tested


Drinks With…


GrowCo 2017


Origin Stories


Inc. Live




Events 







Full Schedule


Inc. Women's Summit


Inc.5000 Conference & Gala


Iconic


GrowCo Conference




Inc. BrandView 

NEWSLETTERS 

MAGAZINE 

PARTNER CONTENT 







Inc. BrandView


Inc. Branded Content


Inc. Franchise




PODCASTS 

SUBSCRIBE 

ADVERTISE 

INC. RADIO 

INC. BUSINESS HUB 







Inc. Verified Profile


Inc. Plus


Send Press Releases


Plan for your business


Secure Funding


Get Published




OTHER EDITIONS 







Inc. ASEAN


Inc. Arabia




SITEMAP 

PRIVACY 

PRESS QUERIES 

AD CHOICE 






 






































 Search


Newsletters


Follow


Subscribe








































Today's Must Reads






Inc. Events & Offers





Inc. Partner Events & Offers




























Forgot Password?




 Enter your email to reset your password











Or sign up using: 




































New member? Sign up now.
Sign in if you're already registered.


 
 
































Get Inc. Straight to Your Inbox
SIGN UP FOR TODAY'S 5 MUST READS


Sign Me Up


































													  INNOVATE
													







Jeff Bezos' Whole Foods Ambition: What Does it Mean for Amazon?


Is Amazon getting too big to fail?






 By Jeremy Goldman


Jeremy Goldman is the founder and CEO of Firebrand Group, which counts Consumer Reports, L'Oréal, and Unilever among its clientele. He is the author of the award-winning 2012 book Going Social: Excite Customers, Generate Buzz, and Energize Your Brand With the Power of Social Media, which teaches brands large and small how to use social media for business success.
@jeremarketer 


Founder and CEO, Firebrand Group @jeremarketer 










WRITE A COMMENT
























CREDIT: Getty Images










In case you've been living under a rock, Amazon has been in the news quite a bit lately. In large part, it's been due to the massive acquisition of Whole Foods, which surprised many pundits, and proved that Amazon is looking to. But as my Firebrand Group team and I organized the first-ever Innovation Congress in partnership with Social Fresh, I thought it would be a good idea to get ahold of some of the conference's top speakers and ask them something important: is Jeff Bezos' takeover of Whole Foods - not to mention Amazon Fresh's moves to compete against Blue Apron - a good thing for business innovation, or anti-competitive?
Here's what they had to say:
The dawn of a grocery revolution
For Tyler Riewer, Brand Content Lead at charity: water, Amazon is "Google in real life" -- a "physical form of instant gratification." Amazon delivers any and every item that he "could possibly want or need", and groceries are no exception.
Riewer thinks that Amazon's acquisition of Whole Foods is not only in line with the ethos of the company; it also marks the start of a grocery revolution. Grocery stores "are just middlemen for our food", so eventually we won't need them anymore. He predicts that food will "come straight from the farm to our homes, likely via drone. It'll be the return of the milkman -- but the milkman will have AI."
Good for consumers, tough for grocers
Kristen  Scholer, senior anchor at video news network Cheddar, sees Amazon's nearly $14 billion purchase of Whole Foods as a perfect example of Amazon's ambitions as a company. "By gobbling up the grocery chain, Amazon is trying to capture more grocery purchases and more deliveries," notes Scholer. But more than that, it's "a data play that should give Amazon more information about how consumers shop", while also expanding Amazon's network and filling distribution gaps.
From a consumer's point of view, this might be beneficial, "especially if Amazon uses its e-commerce know-how to bring the premium prices at Whole Foods down so they're near its competitors." Grocers, however, face a bigger question: how to compete against a giant like Amazon? Scholer points out that, while grocery delivery is growing quickly, Amazon has already captured a significant share of that market through its Fresh, Prime and Prime Now services. Other grocers "will have to decide whether to invest in their own delivery services, give up profits to start-ups or risk Amazon eating more of their lunch", and companies like Instacart, Peapod and FreshDirect face greater pressure to maintain growth while continuing to deliver quality groceries.
Continuing to change the way we shop
Sharon Feder, Chief Content Officer at The Muse calls the deal fascinating. "Amazon has profoundly changed the way we shop and our expectations around quick delivery time and convenience," she says. "With this acquisition, they're positioned to do the same for the way we buy groceries."
This goes beyond food. With the retail space that Amazon is getting, which includes prime retail spaces in key urban and suburban areas, they will "now have even stronger distribution for quick deliveries."
A real estate deal
Like Feder, Jason Keath of Social Fresh sees the acquisition as being "as much supply chain and branding as it is a real estate deal." For him, "there is an obvious alignment between Amazon's affluent Prime members and Whole Foods organic devotees." In addition to having a solid consumer base, Amazon has now come into possession of "one of the best organic food supply chains in the US," as well as one of the most trusted.
In order to prevent Amazon from "quickly [running] away with their end of the market", however, other grocers need to partner with technology firms or "build their own competing grocery delivery" services. If they don't innovate, they'll find it incredibly difficult to compete.
Build, partner or buy
Leslie Bradshaw of Bionic see Amazon's decision to expand its grocery business as being illustrative of "the process of iterating to learn and find market fit, and, based on that, deciding whether to build, partner or buy." The fact that Amazon chose to buy Whole Foods outright despite being a company known for "some of the best home-grown, organic innovation out there" suggests that "Whole Foods offered an opportunity Amazon concluded it couldn't build itself" -- namely, their customer base, retail presence and scale in the grocery industry.
Other companies need to learn from Amazon's example by taking note of "how Amazon approached this challenging market" after "over a decade" of experimentation in the grocery space. In other words, they only decided to make a serious move in the market after long, detailed study of what needed to be done and how innovation could be achieved.
Unexpected, but good in the long run
Noted branded content expert (and fellow Inc columnist) Melanie Deziel thinks that we should "all take a step back and see the logic and potential in a merger like this." While Amazon's move may have seemed unexpected, it's not the first surprising acquisition they've made: Jeff Bezos' purchase of the Washington Post also took many by storm.
For Deziel, even those unexpected courses of action "have come to benefit us as consumers." She points out that "you'd be hard-pressed to argue that the Washington Post hasn't benefited from the resources, technology and mindset" that Bezos has provided them with. "The ad products are better, the reading experience is more seamless and the company has taken a more innovative approach to story display and delivery," she says. "Hopefully we'll see the same sort of innovation for the grocery buying, ordering, inventory, and delivery experience coming from this merger."
Ultimately, the Amazon-Whole Foods deal leaves a lot of questions unanswered. One thing is for certain: the next few months will be fascinating to watch.


Like this column? Sign up to subscribe to email alerts and you'll never miss a post. The opinions expressed here by Inc.com columnists are their own, not those of Inc.com.



Published on: Jul 20, 2017






























































































 



How Jeff Bezos Became a Power Beyond Amazon






















































































Main Menu
Fortune.com




Subscribe

















 





By Adam Lashinsky


					Photograph by Wesley Mann				

					March 24, 2016, 7:30 AM EDT				

Bezos Prime
Amazon’s CEO has driven his company to all-consuming growth (and even, believe it or not, profits). Today, though, as he deepens his involvement in his media and space ventures, Bezos is becoming a power beyond Amazon. It has forced him to become an even better leader.
I.
When Washington Post correspondent Jason Rezaian was freed from an Iranian prison in January after having been held for 18 months on vague charges of espionage, he traveled on a Swiss military aircraft to a U.S. base in Germany. A short time later the Post’s proprietor, Jeff Bezos (No.1, World’s Greatest Leaders), showed up to bring Rezaian home. “It’s an inescapable part of the mission of the Post to send some people into hostile environments,” reflects Bezos of Rezaian, who was detained while reporting in Iran. “And what happened to Jason and his wife, Yegi, is completely unfair, unjust—­outrageous. I considered it a privilege to be able to go pick him up. I had dinner with them at the Army base the night that I got there, and then he was getting released after his debriefing the next day, and I asked him, ‘Where do you want to go? I’ll take you wherever you want.’ And he said, ‘How about Key West?’ I was like, ‘Okay!’ And that’s what I did. I dropped him off in Key West. He and Yegi had only been married for just over a year before he got imprisoned. It was almost like a second honeymoon.”

 Reporter Jason Rezaian (left) and Washington Post owner Jeff Bezos aboard a private aircraft before it took off for the U.S. on Jan. 22.Photograph by Douglas Jehl—The Washington Post

A jubilant photo of reporter and ­owner inside the latter’s jet quickly made the rounds. Asked if he meant to make a statement by personally retrieving his employee, Bezos replies, “I did it just for Jason. My motivation is super simple. But I would be delighted if people take from it the idea that we’ll never abandon anybody.”
It’s an unexpectedly sunny mid-March morning in Seattle, and Bezos’s disposition is even sunnier. Who can blame him? Amazon’s 


amzn



 market value is $260 billion, with Bezos’s stake worth $46 billion. Bigness hasn’t sapped its growth: Sales jumped 20%, to $107 billion, last year, and Amazon surprised investors with operating profits of $2.2 billion, a 12-fold increase from 2014. The Post, a declining icon before Bezos bought it for $250 million in 2013, is bubbling with new ideas. Even Blue Origin, the secretive rocket-ship company Bezos funds out of his own pocket, is enjoying a moment of prominence, having promised to blast off with space tourists in a few years.

Click to enlarge.

To say all this leaves Bezos energized would be an understatement. Dressed in jeans and a checkered shirt, sleeves rolled up to the elbows, the notoriously intense CEO is the picture of contentment. He’s deploying his trademark cackle—the auditory equivalent of Steve Jobs’ signature black turtleneck—liberally. Says Bezos: “I dance into the office every morning.”
He’s got every reason to cha-cha. More has gone right for Bezos lately than perhaps at any other time during his two-decade run in the public eye. His company is expanding internationally and spreading its hydra-headed product and service offerings in unexpected new directions. Bezos, too, is evolving. Always a fierce competitor and stern taskmaster, he has begun to show another side. With the Post, he’s taken a seat at the civic-leadership table. And with his various projects Bezos is also becoming known as a visionary on topics beyond dreaming up new ways to gut the profit margins of Amazon’s many foes.
Bezos is preternaturally consistent. He still preaches customer focus and long-term thinking. Yet of necessity, as Amazon has become massive—and as he has indulged his eclectic and time-consuming pursuits—he has become the sort of leader who empowers others. “He was at the center of everything at the beginning. The leadership was Jeff Bezos,” says Patty Stonesifer, the former Microsoft 


msft



 executive and Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation CEO who has been on Amazon’s board for 19 years. “Today it’s not a hub-and-spoke connecting to him. He has become a great leader of leaders.” Indeed, his evolution portends dramatic repercussions far and wide: The possibilities of a less tethered Jeff Bezos are equal parts exciting (imagine what he’ll do) and terrifying (pity whom he’ll crush).
“Today it’s not a hub-and-spoke connecting to [Bezos]. He has become a great leader of leaders.”
—Patty Stonesifer, Amazon director for 19 years


II.
Editor Marty Baron is discussing how the Washington Post has changed since Bezos became his boss. It’s a blustery February afternoon in Washington, D.C., days before Baron will fly to Los Angeles to attend the Academy Awards. Spotlight, the film about a team of truth-and-justice-seeking journalists at the Boston Globe, where he was then the editor, will win the Oscar for best picture. Baron, by the way, is exactly as Liev Schreiber portrayed him in Spotlight: a dour and serious—yet witty—newsman.
Baron sits at a small table in his not particularly grand office in the Post’s new downtown Washington headquarters, which is more lobbyist chic than hot-type-in-the-basement gritty. He explains that Bezos’s chief editorial contribution has been to “push us into the recognition that living in the world of the Internet is different from living in a print world.”
Click to enlarge.
Annoyed that “aggregator” sites were getting more online traffic by summarizing Post articles than the Post received for the original articles, for example, the Post has become an adept aggregator itself, “layering on top,” in Baron’s words, its own reporting. Bezos approved funding for a Huffington Post–like site, PostEverything, for experts to publish their opinions. (Some write for free; the Post pays others.) Then there’s the Post’s new “talent network,” a highly automated web creation that connects the publication to 800 freelance journalists in the U.S. who can be assigned articles in seconds. Baron compares the network to tech-world innovations like Amazon’s Mechanical Turk, TaskRabbit, and Uber. “We’re not in a position where we can reconstruct an old model of bureaus all over the country,” he says, “and it’s not clear that that’s the most efficient and effective way to go about our work.”

It’s unnerving to hear the current “it” editor of American journalism waxing eloquent about outdoing the Huffington Post, pooh-poohing the need for far-flung staff correspondents, and describing how the Post employs the work of other sites. Is he really okay with all this newfangled, journalistically questionable fare? Says Baron: “I have no interest in dying gracefully.”
For his part, Bezos professes his belief in the Post’s democracy-­sustaining mission—if not its potential to increase his wealth. “I would not have bought the Washington Post if it had been a financially upside-down salty-snack-food company,” he says. Bezos describes being 10 years old, sprawled on the floor of his grandfather’s house, watching the Watergate hearings. The Post, of course, achieved its maximum renown covering that political scandal. “We need institutions that have the resources and the training and the skill, expertise, to find things,” Bezos says. “It’s pretty important who we elect as President, all those things, and we need to examine those people, try to understand them better.” (Bezos emphasizes he’s not looking to buy any other publications, though he is regularly solicited.)

 Jeff Bezos, photographed at Amazon headquarters in Seattle on March 11, 2016.Photograph by Wesley Mann

Former Post owner Don Graham, whom he had known for 15 years, approached him through an intermediary and said Bezos could give the publication financial security and the benefit of his Internet experience. “This is the first company I’ve ever been involved with on a large scale that I didn’t build from scratch,” says Bezos. “I did no due diligence, and I did not negotiate with Don. I just accepted the number he proposed.” (Graham, who has been publicly mum on the Post since selling it, declined to be interviewed.)
By two measures—web traffic growth and volume of new ideas—the Post is thriving under Bezos. (Bezos, not Amazon, owns the operation. The Post releases no financial data, but it’s a safe bet that it’s losing ­money, given the many investments it’s making.) Monthly web visitors have skyrocketed from 30.5 million in October 2013 to 73.4 million in February this year, the result of vigorous product development.
Bezos has no operational role at the Post, but he does keep close tabs. He meets by phone every other week with the news organization’s top managers, including Baron and Post publisher Fred Ryan, former president of Allbritton Communications, whom Bezos recruited to replace Graham’s niece, Katharine Weymouth. Twice a year the team goes to Seattle for an afternoon of meetings with Bezos, followed by dinner.



When he bought the Post, there was speculation that Bezos wanted to control the editorial product. Bezos says he has no such interest, and Baron confirms Bezos doesn’t suggest coverage. However, the owner does throw his weight around on wonky issues like web-page load time and ease of subscription sign-ups, both examples of what Bezos likes to call matters of “customer obsession” that resonate with his Amazon experience. Shailesh Prakash, the Post’s chief product and technology officer, says that in his sphere Bezos is downright “pushy,” which he means as a compliment. For example, Bezos encouraged Prakash’s team to develop Arc, a collection of publishing tools, even though off-the-shelf products were available. Amazon, he told Prakash, could have used IBM 


ibm



 software when it started out. Instead it built its own, a business that led to Amazon Web Services (AWS), a runaway financial success. “He’s involved. Very involved,” says Prakash, a former digital executive at Sears 


shld



 who joined the Post before Bezos’s purchase. “My engineers and I enjoy that a lot. I suspect Jeff enjoys that too.”
Sometimes Bezos’s creativity gets the better of him. Prakash says the owner suggested a gamelike feature that would allow a reader who didn’t enjoy an article to pay to remove its vowels. He called it “disemvoweling,” and the concept was to allow another reader to pay to restore the missing letters. The idea didn’t go far, Prakash says, noting that “Marty wasn’t very keen.” Bezos, an unrepentant believer in the power of brainstorming, says, “Working together with other smart people in front of a whiteboard, we can come up with a lot of very bad ideas.”

Post people seem to value most that Bezos provides them air cover while they fiddle with ways to survive the transition from print to digital. Hiring has ramped up significantly under Bezos, providing more resources for serious journalism too. Ryan, the publisher, credits Bezos with demanding risk taking—without fear that failure will be punished. “That provides a sense of invigoration, particularly when other publications are in this mode of ‘If this doesn’t work, there’ll be hell to pay next quarter.’ ” So long as Bezos is enjoying himself, in other words, there is no next-quarter deadline for the Post anymore, just more opportunities to reinvent journalism, preferably in a way that eventually makes money.


III.
When you walk through the unmarked doors of the offices of Blue Origin in an industrial area near the Seattle-Tacoma International Airport, you quickly realize you have entered space-nerd heaven. A 30-foot-tall globe of the earth spins inside the entryway. Up a flight of stairs to the lobby is a combination first-rate space museum and model hobbyist’s paradise. A canopy over a central fireplace is the base of a Jules Verne–inspired rocket ship, the flames beneath it throwing off real heat. Nearby, a replica of the U.S.S. Enterprise, of original Star Trek fame, stands guard over paraphernalia recovered from actual space missions, including a fuel-flow control valve from an Apollo lunar control descent engine.
All these artifacts come from the personal collection of Bezos, a ­science-fiction buff since childhood. Indeed, everything in the vast building belongs to him. That includes the reusable spacecraft, the New Shepard, that Blue Origin is developing, and its soon-to-be-tested rocket engine, the BE-4. Bezos himself intends to be onboard in several years, when Blue Origin is ready to fly humans.
 Blue Origin’s New Shepard rocket, which flew to space and returned to the same launchpad.Photograph courtesy of Blue Origin
Bezos quietly started Blue Origin 16 years ago as a research project and has been mostly mum about it until now. Rob Meyerson, a soft-spoken Midwesterner and former NASA aerospace engineer who is its president, says the stealthy profile largely has been an effort to avoid hyping unproven technology. Meyerson, who worked at a private Seattle-area rocket company called Kist­ler Aerospace, which went belly up, joined Blue Origin in 2003 when it had about 10 employees. At the time, Bezos had charged his researchers with finding an alternative to the polluting and earsplitting blastoff methods that space programs have used since the 1960s. The research failed, and Bezos changed his mind. “Jeff realized we should invest in liquid propulsion so we could fly a lot,” says Meyerson. “All of this is tied to his original vision of having millions of people living in space.”
After years of fits and starts, Blue Origin is finally ready to go airborne. It has successfully sent an automated spacecraft into suborbital space—about 100 kilometers above earth, known as the Kármán line, a 10-minute trip from start to finish—and landed it safely on earth. The company won’t say when, but it plans shortly to begin taking reservations for passengers. It intends to develop a rocket to fly into earth’s orbit, a feat Elon Musk’s SpaceX has already achieved, which will allow it to carry humans and satellites. “Eventually,” says Meyerson, “we want to sell these things to customers. We think we’ll start flying passengers in 2017. These will be test engineers. Then we’ll sell tickets. I imagine Jeff and I will fly in the 2018-ish time frame.”

As with the Washington Post, Bezos is regularly engaged with Blue Origin, though in a nonoperational role. Meyerson says Bezos attends a daylong monthly operational review that often includes presentations by outside experts. He also visits for weekly four-hour updates on the progress of its orbital launch vehicle and New Shepard spacecraft. Meyerson says he initially resisted writing the famous six-page “narratives” Bezos requests before meetings, where PowerPoint is banned. Bezos kept asking, though, and Meyerson relented. Now, he says, he’s a “complete convert.”
Bezos won’t say how much money he has sunk into Blue Origin. Reports several years ago put the figure at $500 million, and the company’s spending velocity has only increased. It has 600 employees on the way to 800, with launch facilities in Texas and soon at Cape Canaveral, Fla. “Nobody gets into the space business because they’ve done an exhaustive analysis of all the industries they might invest in and they find that the one with the least risk and the highest returns on capital is the space business,” says Bezos. With his fortune, he can fund rockets for quite a while to come. Indeed, were Bezos to keep blowing through $500 million a year on Blue Origin, he would have to close the place … in 90 years.
“Nobody gets into the space business because they’ve done an exhaustive analysis” and conclude it’s “the one with the least risk and the highest return on capital.”
—Bezos, on the rocket business


IV.
In Seattle, I visit the new Amazon Books prototype store in a mall near the University of Washington. Located next to a Banana Republic and across from a Tommy Bahama shop, the store’s very existence is ironic for a company considered responsible for the near extinction of chain bookstores. Once there was a Barnes & Noble 


bks



 in this mall, before it got Amazon-ed.
As far as concept stores go, Amazon Books is clever. All but the middle is devoted to books, stacked 10 or so deep; all face out. (Other booksellers charge publishers for face-out placement; Amazon does it on the assumption that customers prefer it.) Placards beneath the books contain customer reviews from Amazon.com, curated by employees. The center of the store is a showroom for Amazon’s burgeoning device ­business—including Echo personal assistants and Kindles of various sizes—as well as a flat-screen monitor highlighting Amazon’s TV and film offerings. The store’s capabilities are limited. It doesn’t offer store pickup or returns for Amazon.com purchases, for example. Other ideas demonstrate the promise of offline/online retail. For instance, if you use a credit card associated with your Amazon account, you’ll promptly receive a receipt by email. All in-store prices match those on Amazon’s website.
 Inside Amazon’s first bookstore, in a Seattle mall that used to house a Barnes & Noble.Photograph by George Rose—Getty Images
At Amazon’s headquarters an hour later I tell Bezos where I’ve been and that I bought a book, Coraline, by Neil Gaiman, for my daughter. He thanks me for my business, emitting one of his uproarious laughs, and I tell him I don’t think it’s going to help much: The paperback cost $3.94 plus tax. He bursts out laughing again.
Every little bit counts, of course, and Amazon is adding bits across its vast empire at a furious pace. Its Amazon Web Services business, with $7.8 billion in sales in 2015, has grown so ubiquitous that it now effectively exacts a tax, as venture capitalist Chamath Palihapitiya has called it, on every startup to run its business. Every day seems to bring another experiment. Amazon’s efforts to compete against Apple’s 


aapl



 iPhone failed miserably. But Amazon’s Echo personal assistant devices running on its Alexa natural-language engine have won rave reviews for superior performance compared with Apple’s Siri. Amazon is cranking up an ambitious same-day delivery program, becoming a major force in TV and movies, and has made moves to operate its own air and shipping transportation fleets.
It’s all too much for Bezos to micromanage, and he acknowledges picking his spots. His latest passion is for higher-end fashion, an area Amazon has been upgrading in recent years; Bezos says he is focused on Amazon’s plans for its own private label. “I think there’s so much opportunity for invention there,” he says. “It’s very hard to do online. It’s fragmented offline. People value a curatorial approach.” This, he says, is a significant departure for Amazon. “We didn’t curate a selection of books.” As for Bezos’s other areas of focus at Amazon, he says he’s spending time on “certain elements of AWS, but out a few years,” as well as on Alexa and the company’s fulfillment centers. As for specifics, “I can’t really share any because it’s too much of a road-map kind of issue.”

One reason Bezos can concentrate narrowly at Amazon is the length of tenure of his top lieutenants. Jeff Wilke, for example, joined Amazon in 1999, and today he runs Amazon’s consumer business, which he calls “Amazon Classic.” He says Amazon’s annual planning process—and the detailed narratives its managers prepare for them—allows Bezos to closely “audit” the company’s efforts. Otherwise, says Wilke, “I would say his style has gone from being more prescriptive to teaching and refining.” Jeff Blackburn, an 18-year Amazon veteran who runs the company’s M&A activities and content businesses, describes Bezos as consistent in his selection process. “He still works 65 hours a week. He’s still connected to the office and doesn’t travel very much. He dives in on the same issues now that he did many years ago.”
“I would say [Bezos’s] style has gone from being more prescriptive to teaching and refining.”
—Jeff Wilke, Amazon SVP, consumer business
One thing that has changed at Amazon is the level of scrutiny it endures. Brad Stone’s 2013 book, The Everything Store, lauded Amazon’s successes while portraying its treatment of partners and suppliers as shabby. A 2015 exposé by the New York Times portrayed life at Amazon as only marginally more pleasant than in a Soviet gulag. The severe depiction cascaded through the media, and Bezos told employees that “the article doesn’t describe the Amazon I know.” Asked how the criticism has affected him and Amazon, Bezos deflects the question with a politician’s ease. “A company of Amazon’s size needs to be scrutinized,” he says. “It’s healthy. And it’s a great honor really to have a company that has grown into something worthy of such scrutiny.”
Amazon had long been known as a grueling place to work, but the Times article struck a nerve. Amazon fired back by criticizing the paper’s journalism in a post on Medium by its senior vice president for communications, Jay Carney, a former spokesman for President Obama (and former writer for Time, Fortune’s sister publication). The controversy cooled, and Amazon says it hasn’t affected hiring. To this day, Bezos insists Amazon’s intense culture is a strength, not a weakness. A company spokesperson notes that Amazon has implemented a few HR modifications—such as an improved parental-leave program—but then hastens to add that the changes were in the works before the Times article. In the end, the consensus is that Amazon’s culture is every bit as ferocious and demanding as it ever was. Did you really expect Bezos to abandon the formula that got him here?
“The article doesn’t depict the Amazon I know,” Bezos said of a New York Times investigation that portrayed it as a miserable place to work.
—Bezos, on how his company’s culture was represented


V.
Bezos is now 52. (“A full deck of cards,” he blurts out, laughing loudly at his own joke. “Next year I’ll have a joker.”) He is both at the height of his powers and willing to entertain thoughts of becoming a senior statesman. Asked if he has sought out role models for this phase of his career, he broadens the question. “I have been blessed my whole life with great role models.” A few he names include his parents, as well as J.P. Morgan Chase’s 


jpm



 Jamie Dimon (“I ask Jamie questions. I think he has a really good outlook on life and is very inspiring”), and Warren Buffett. “If I ever have a different opinion than Warren Buffett, my regard for him is so high, I always assume I’m missing something.”
Bezos is also embracing the role of thought leader. In late March, Amazon hosted a most unusual conference in Palm Springs. For the event, dubbed MARS, for “machine learning, home automation, robotics, and space exploration,” Bezos and some top deputies curated a group of thought-leader attendees and “scientists, professors, entrepreneurs, hobbyists, and imagineers” in these fields to give talks and conduct demonstrations. Each of the areas have direct relevance to Amazon or Blue Origin, but the company stressed to attendees that the conference was strictly noncommercial. Amazon wasn’t trying directly to sell anyone anything. Says Bezos, ahead of the event: “I’ll be satisfied if every participant who comes walks away having made a couple of new friends, having had some fun, and maybe being inspired by something amazing.”
The billionaire’s literary interests have always been eclectic, often unpredictably so. When I interviewed him in 2012 he had just finished reading a science-fiction book, The Hydrogen Sonata, by Iain Banks. Now he’s reading Jonathan Franzen’s new novel, Purity, which he says, “three different people recommended to me.” He has also just completed the first four chapters of an untitled novel by his wife, MacKenzie, which he describes in great detail but only on the condition that I not write about it without his receiving her permission—which she subsequently withholds. “I’ve been happily married for 23 years, and I’d like to keep it that way,” he says. There are limits, after all, even to the powers of Jeff Bezos.
A version of this article appears in the April 1, 2016 issue of Fortune. 
This article incorrectly stated that contributors aren’t paid to write for the Washington Post’s PostEverything section. Some writers are paid.










Sign In








						Email address or Password is incorrect					
EMAIL/USERNAME

PASSWORD




Remember Me
Forgot Password?




Want the Full Story?
SUBSCRIBE





Get 







Email









 

Privacy Policy









Thank you for your interest in licensing Fortune content. Please find information on various licensing contacts below and choose the one that best suits your needs:

1. To license Fortune articles, excerpts, or headlines for republication in various media (including books, eBooks, film, web, newsletters, newspapers, magazines and others), please email syndication@timeinc.com.
2. To license a Fortune cover, order reprint or e-print copies of an article or cover, or license an accolade, please contact PARS International at www.timeincreprints.com.
3. To license text only photocopies of Fortunearticles as print or digital handouts in academic settings, or in academic coursepacks, please contact the Copyright Clearance Center at www.copyright.com

































Post to



Cancel







 




























Jeff Bezos - Entrepreneur, Business Leader - Biography.comSubscribe to NewsletterAboutJeff Bezos Biography.comEntrepreneur, Business Leader(1964–)561SHARESQuick FactsNameJeff BezosOccupationEntrepreneur, Business LeaderBirth DateJanuary 12, 1964 (age 53)EducationPrinceton UniversityPlace of BirthAlbuquerque, New MexicoAKAJeffrey BezosJeff BezosFull NameJeffrey Preston BezosZodiac SignCapricornCite This PageAmerican entrepreneur Jeff Bezos is the founder and chief executive officer of Amazon.com. In 2013, he purchased 'The Washington Post.'IN THESE GROUPSEntrepreneurModern Titans of TechFamous People in ComputingFamous People Named JeffreyShow All GroupsFamous People Born on January 12Famous People Who Started BusinessesFamous People Born in New MexicoFamous CapricornsFamous Business LeadersFamous People Born in United StatesFamous Princeton University AlumniFamous People Named BezosFamous People Born in AlbuquerqueFamous People in BusinessFamous People Born in 1964quotes“We will need to invent, which means we will  need to experiment. Our touchstone will be readers, understanding what  they care about—government, local leaders, restaurant openings, scout  troops, businesses, charities, governors, sports—and working backwards  from there. I'm excited and optimistic about the opportunity for  invention. [On the future of 'The Washington Post.']”Jeff BezosSynopsisEntrepreneur and e-commerce pioneer Jeff Bezos was born on January 12, 1964, in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Bezos had an early love of computers and studied computer science and electrical engineering at Princeton University. After graduation he worked on Wall Street, and in 1990 he became the youngest senior vice president at the investment firm D.E. Shaw. Four years later, he quit his lucrative job to open Amazon.com, a virtual bookstore that became one of the internet's biggest success stories. In 2013, Bezos purchased The Washington Post in a $250 million deal.Early Life and CareerJeff Bezos was born on January 12, 1964, in Albuquerque, New Mexico, to a teenage mother, Jacklyn Gise Jorgensen, and his biological father, Ted Jorgensen. The Jorgensens were married less than a year, and when Bezos was 4 years old his mother re-married, to Cuban immigrant Mike Bezos. As a child, Jeff Bezos showed an early interest in how things work, turning his parents' garage into a laboratory and rigging electrical contraptions around his house. He moved to Miami with his family as a teenager, where he developed a love for computers and graduated valedictorian of his high school. It was during high school that he started his first business, the Dream Institute, an educational summer camp for fourth, fifth and sixth graders. Bezos pursued his interest in computers at Princeton University, where he graduated summa cum laude in 1986 with a degree in computer science and electrical engineering. After graduation, he found work at several firms on Wall Street, including Fitel, Bankers Trust and the investment firm D.E. Shaw. It was there he met his wife, Mackenzie, and became the company's youngest vice president in 1990. While his career in finance was extremely lucrative, Bezos chose to make a risky move into the nascent world of e-commerce. He quit his job in 1994, moved to Seattle and targeted the untapped potential of the internet market by opening an online bookstore.Pioneering E-CommerceBezos set up the office for his fledgling company in his garage where, along with a few employees, he began developing software. They expanded operations into a two-bedroom house, equipped with three Sun Microstations, and eventually developed a test site. After inviting 300 friends to beta test the site, Bezos opened Amazon.com, named after the meandering South American River, on July 16, 1995. The initial success of the company was meteoric. With no press promotion, Amazon.com sold books across the United States and in 45 foreign countries within 30 days. In two months, sales reached $20,000 a week, growing faster than Bezos and his start-up team had envisioned.  Amazon.com went public in 1997, leading many market analysts to question whether the company could hold its own when traditional retailers launched their own e-commerce sites. Two years later, the start-up not only kept up, but also outpaced competitors, becoming an e-commerce leader. Bezos continued to diversify Amazon’s offerings with the sale of CDs and videos in 1998, and later clothes, electronics, toys and more through major retail partnerships. While many dot.coms of the early '90s went bust, Amazon flourished with yearly sales that jumped from $510,000 in 1995 to over $17 billion in 2011.In 2006, Amazon.com launched its video on demand service; initially known as Amazon Unbox on TiVo, it was eventually rebranded as Amazon Instant Video. In 2007, the company released the Kindle, a handheld digital book reader that allowed users to buy, download, read and store their book selections. That same year, Bezos announced his investment in Blue Origin, a Seattle-based aerospace company that develops technologies to offer space travel to paying customers. Bezos entered Amazon into the tablet marketplace with the unveiling of the Kindle Fire in 2011. The following September, he announced the new Kindle Fire HD, the company's next generation tablet designed to give Apple's iPad a run for its money. "We haven't built the best tablet at a certain price. We have built the best tablet at any price," Bezos said, according to ABC News.Buying 'The Washington Post'Bezos made headlines worldwide on August 5, 2013, when he purchased The Washington Post and other publications affiliated with its parent company, The Washington Post Co., for $250 million. The deal marked the end of the four-generation reign over The Post Co. by the Graham family, which included Donald E. Graham, the company's chairman and chief executive, and his niece, Post publisher Katharine Weymouth. "The Post could have survived under the company's ownership and been profitable for the foreseeable future," Graham stated, in an effort to explain the transaction. "But we wanted to do more than survive. I'm not saying this guarantees success, but it gives us a much greater chance of success." In a statement to Post employees on August 5, Bezos wrote: "The values of The Post do not need changing. ...There will, of course, be change at The Post over the coming years. That's essential and would have happened with or without new ownership. The internet is transforming almost every element of the news business: shortening news cycles, eroding long-reliable revenue sources, and enabling new kinds of competition, some of which bear little or no news-gathering costs. There is no map, and charting a path ahead will not be easy. We will need to invent, which means we will need to experiment. Our touchstone will be readers, understanding what they care about—government, local leaders, restaurant openings, scout troops, businesses, charities, governors, sports—and working backwards from there. I'm excited and optimistic about the opportunity for invention."Recent ProjectsIn early December 2013, Bezos made headlines when he revealed a new, experimental initiative by Amazon, called "Amazon Prime Air," using drones—remote-controlled machines that can perform an array of human tasks—to provide delivery services to customers. According to Bezos, these drones are able to carry items weighing up to five pounds, and are capable of traveling within a 10-mile distance of the company's distribution center. He also stated that Prime Air could become a reality within as little as four or five years.Bezos oversaw one of Amazon's few major missteps when the company launched the Fire Phone in 2014; criticized for being too gimmicky, it was discontinued the following year. However, Bezos did score a victory with the development of original content through Amazon Studios. After premiering several new programs in 2013, Amazon hit it big in 2014 with the critically acclaimed Transparent and Mozart in the Jungle. In 2015, the company produced and released Spike Lee's Chi-Raq as its first original feature film.In 2016, Bezos stepped in front of the camera for a cameo appearance playing an alien in Star Trek Beyond. A Star Trek fan since childhood, Bezos is listed as a Starfleet Official in the movie credits on IMDb.Videos

Jeff Bezos the Trekkie(TV-14; 2:13)

Jeff Bezos Starts Amazon(TV-14; 2:38)

Jeff Bezos - Full Biography(TV-14; 41:18)

Related Videos


Steve Jobs - Successful Entrepreneurship Skills(TV-14; 1:41)

Bill Gates - Schoolboy to Businessman(TV-PG; 2:04)

Steve Wozniak - Revolution Generation(TV-14; 2:16)

Steve Jobs - Innovation(TV-14; 3:09)

Steve Jobs - Mini Biography(TV-14; 3:40)

Mark Zuckerberg - Mini Biography(TV-14; 3:42)

Bill Gates - Mini Biography(TV-14; 3:43)


Fact CheckWe strive for accuracy and fairness. If you see something that doesn't look right, contact us!Citation InformationArticle TitleJeff Bezos Biography.comAuthorBiography.com EditorsWebsite NameThe Biography.com websiteURLhttps://www.biography.com/people/jeff-bezos-9542209Access Date{{$root.currentTime | date:'MMMM d, yyyy'}}PublisherA&E Television NetworksLast UpdatedApril 27, 2017Original Published Daten/a561SHARESBIO NEWSLETTERSign up to receive updates from BIO and A+E Networks.                          Jeff Bezos is the anonymous buyer of the biggest house in Washington - The Washington Post                                                                            2         Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off                    Subscribe       Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk              Accessibility for screenreader                Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter  Share on Google Plus  Share via Email  Share on LinkedIn  Share on Pinterest  Share on Tumblr           Resize Text Print Article  Comments             The inside track on Washington politics.     Be the first to know about new   stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published.    You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published.    You’re all set!       Sign up   *Invalid email address   Got it   Got it                                   Reliable Source Jeff Bezos is the anonymous buyer of the biggest house in Washington            The inside track on Washington politics.     Be the first to know about new   stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published.    You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published.    You’re all set!       Sign up   *Invalid email address   Got it   Got it                 By Emily Heil and Kathy Orton  By Emily Heil and Kathy Orton   January 12  Follow @emilyaheil Follow @KathyOrtonWP       Amazon founder Jeffrey P. Bezos is the new owner of the former Textile Museum, which will be converted into Washington’s largest home. (Courtesy of George Washington University Museum and the Textile Museum)  Washington’s Kalorama neighborhood just keeps getting swankier: Amazon founder and Washington Post owner Jeffrey P. Bezos has bought the former Textile Museum, a 27,000 square-foot property, intending to convert it into a single-family home, according to a person with knowledge of the sale. Bezos’s neighbors will include President Obama and his family, who are renting a property nearby for their post-White House home, as well as future first daughter Ivanka Trump and her husband, incoming presidential adviser Jared Kushner.      The Washington Post's Kathy Orton held a Facebook Live walking tour of the Kalorama neighborhood, one of the most expensive, exclusive areas in D.C. (The Washington Post)   The home — the largest in Washington — sold Oct. 21 for $23 million in cash (a million over its list price) to a buyer described in public documents as the Cherry Revocable Trust. But word about the identity of the new billionaire next door has been circulating around the enclave that ambassadors and Cabinet secretaries have long called home. Bezos, his wife, MacKenzie, and their four children live in the Seattle area. When he purchased The Post in 2013, Bezos said he didn’t plan to relocate to “the other Washington.” “I won’t be leading The Washington Post day-to-day,” he told Forbes. There are no indications he will move here permanently.   [Textile Museum sells historic Kalorama properties for $19 million]   The home is expected to be an East Coast pied-à-terre for the family — allowing him to avoid hotel bills — but the ample square footage means there’s plenty of room for entertaining. (Take a tour of the property here.) The property at 2320-2330 S St. NW spans two historic mansions, which housed the Textile Museum for nearly 90 years until it moved to George Washington University’s campus in 2013. The two mansions were sold together in May 2015 for $19 million, the largest residential sale in the District that year. They were put back on the market in 2016 at $22 million. The property has drawn interest not just because of its sprawling size but also its architectural pedigree. In 1912, Textile Museum founder George Hewitt Myers hired John Russell Pope, architect of the Jefferson Memorial, to design his home at 2320 S St. A decade later, Myers bought the adjacent mansion, which was designed by noted Washington architect Waddy Butler Wood. Both properties are on the National Register of Historic Places. Don’t look for moving vans just yet, though. Renovation plans drawn up by prominent local architecture firm Barnes Vanze are under review by the local Advisory Neighborhood Commission.    The Textile Museum was built in 1912. (Amanda Voisard for The Washington Post)           1 of 21       Full Screen Autoplay  Close                                                               Skip Ad   ×           See the neighborhood where the Obamas and Ivanka Trump’s family live      View Photos   The former president and first lady, the daughter of President Trump and her husband, and the founder of Amazon.com (and owner of The Washington Post) are residents of the District’s historic Kalorama neighborhood.    Caption   The former president and first lady, the daughter of President Trump and her husband, and the founder of Amazon.com (and owner of The Washington Post) are residents of the District’s historic Kalorama neighborhood.    The Kalorama neighborhood is home to politicians and diplomats. Barack and Michelle Obama plan to live on Belmont Road NW while their daughter Sasha finishes high school.  Ricky Carioti/The Washington Post  Buy Photo          Wait 1 second to continue.                     lifestyle  reliable-source       true          Please provide a valid email address.           Sign up      You’re all set!   See all newsletters                Comments           Share on FacebookShare       Share on TwitterTweet     Share via Email                  Emily Heil is the co-author of the Reliable Source and previously helped pen the In the Loop column with Al Kamen.  Follow @emilyaheil        Kathy Orton is a reporter and Web editor for the Real Estate section. She covers the Washington metropolitan area housing market.  Follow @KathyOrtonWP                          Show Comments       Discussion Policy     Comments       SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge   Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge   Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge   Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer.   Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge   Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge   World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post.   You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here   You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here   Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badgesGet a badge  To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.    Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.          Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic        Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators.                 Facebook  Twitter  Reddit     StumbleUpon  Digg                         Most Read        1   Michael Phelps didn’t actually race a real shark on TV, and viewers aren’t happy       2   Sherrod Brown thinks he could have helped Democrats win in 2016. But what about 2020?       3    Review  ‘Game of Thrones’ recap: In ‘Stormborn,’ the battle for the Seven Kingdoms truly begins       4    Perspective  Carolyn Hax: How to raise grateful, caring children       5   11 mistakes novice grillers make — and how to correct them            The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post.   Subscribe           lifestyle  reliable-source     Success! Check your inbox for details.        Please enter a valid email address    You might also like:                 Sign Up No Thanks   See all newsletters        Our Online Games    Play right from this page                    Mahjongg Dimensions  Strategy game              Mahjongg Candy  Strategy game              Word Wipe  Word game                        washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices        Close video player   Now Playing                                                              




Jeff Bezos, Riding High, Defends Decision to Buy Washington Post - The New York Times



































































































































NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.
LEARN MORE »









Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
View mobile version




The New York Times





Technology|Jeff Bezos, Riding High, Defends Decision to Buy Washington Post







Search

Subscribe Now
Log In
0
Settings




Close search



https://nyti.ms/1WXWYvh








Advertisement








Supported by



Technology

Jeff Bezos, Riding High, Defends Decision to Buy Washington Post

By KATIE BENNER and NICK WINGFIELDJUNE 1, 2016



Continue reading the main story
Share This Page

Continue reading the main story










Photo






Jeff Bezos, the chief executive of Amazon, said he bought The Washington Post because it was well situated to be a powerful government watchdog.

Credit
            Asa Mathat for Vox Media        



RANCHO PALOS VERDES, Calif. — Jeff Bezos built Amazon into an e-commerce and computing powerhouse. Now his ambitions are more sprawling as he takes on ever larger civic and business challenges.Those diverse interests were on display on Tuesday when Mr. Bezos, Amazon’s chief executive, spoke onstage at the Code technology conference here, where he commented on an array of topics, including workplace culture, privacy and his decision to buy The Washington Post in 2013.Mr. Bezos said he bought the newspaper because he wanted to make it into a more powerful national — and even global — publication, and that The Post was well situated to be a watchdog over the leaders of the world’s most powerful country. “If it had been a financially upside-down salty snack food company, I would not have bought it,” he said.The Amazon chief also addressed an investigation last summer by The New York Times that found the company had a tough workplace culture. Mr. Bezos said the article had not made him rethink how Amazon treated employees and that the company was “the gold standard for pioneering work.”

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

He also commented on the tension between privacy and national security, calling it “the issue of our age” and noting that Amazon had filed a court brief supporting Apple during its recent battle with the Federal Bureau of Investigation over an iPhone used by one of the attackers in a shooting in San Bernardino, Calif., last December. Continue reading the main story







Advertisement

Continue reading the main story





Mr. Bezos’ comments come at a time when he and Amazon are riding on new highs. After a rough patch in which Amazon’s sales fell short of expectations and new products like the Fire Phone flopped, the company is flourishing. A bet Mr. Bezos placed on cloud services more than a decade ago has blossomed into a $10-billion-a-year business, leading Amazon to the biggest profit in its history in the first quarter of 2016. The Echo, Amazon’s smart speaker, has earned raves from technology reviewers and customers.Mr. Bezos’ personal profile has also soared with his acquisition of The Post. Under his ownership, the newspaper’s online audience has grown. The Post reported 30 percent year-over-year growth in unique digital visitors in April.
Newsletter Sign Up
Continue reading the main story

  


Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box.
Invalid email address. Please re-enter.
You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.



Sign Up







You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.





Thank you for subscribing.
An error has occurred. Please try again later.
You are already subscribed to this email.
View all New York Times newsletters.


See Sample
Manage Email Preferences
Not you?
Privacy Policy
Opt out or contact us anytime




A couple of weeks ago, Mr. Bezos traded shots with the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, Donald J. Trump, who accused Mr. Bezos of dodging corporate taxes and abusing his position as owner of The Post to launch personal attacks and to keep lawmakers from scrutinizing Amazon.Mr. Bezos said at the time that Mr. Trump’s unsubstantiated statements were “not an appropriate way for a presidential candidate to behave” and that he welcomed scrutiny and criticism of Amazon.On Tuesday, Mr. Bezos reiterated it was “not appropriate” for Mr. Trump to “freeze or chill the media that are examining him.”“It’s just a fact that we live in a world where half the population of this planet, if you criticize the leader, you’ll go to jail or worse,” Mr. Bezos said. “We live in this amazing democracy with amazing freedom of speech, and a presidential candidate should embrace that.”Mr. Bezos also predicted that global population growth and energy demand would increase pressure to make space more accessible. He owns a space exploration start-up called Blue Origin.He predicted that heavy industry would move off the planet and “earth will be zoned residential and light industrial.”
Continue reading the main story






We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.







Related Coverage










Jeff Bezos and Amazon Employees Join Debate Over Its Culture
AUG. 17, 2015













Inside Amazon: Wrestling Big Ideas in a Bruising Workplace
AUG. 15, 2015












BITS BLOG 

Amazon’s Jeff Bezos Explains Why He Bought The Washington Post
DEC. 2, 2014
























Related Coverage







Jeff Bezos and Amazon Employees Join Debate Over Its Culture
AUG. 17, 2015













Inside Amazon: Wrestling Big Ideas in a Bruising Workplace
AUG. 15, 2015












BITS BLOG 

Amazon’s Jeff Bezos Explains Why He Bought The Washington Post
DEC. 2, 2014















What's Next


Loading...









Go to Home Page »

Site Index

The New York Times
























                          Washington Post to be sold to Jeff Bezos, the founder of Amazon - The Washington Post                                                                       2         Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off                    Subscribe       Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk              Accessibility for screenreader                Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter  Share on Google Plus  Share via Email  Share on LinkedIn  Share on Pinterest  Share on Tumblr           Resize Text Print Article  Comments             The inside track on Washington politics.     Be the first to know about new   stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published.    You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published.    You’re all set!       Sign up   *Invalid email address   Got it   Got it                                   National   Washington Post to be sold to Jeff Bezos, the founder of Amazon               The inside track on Washington politics.     Be the first to know about new   stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published.    You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published.    You’re all set!       Sign up   *Invalid email address   Got it   Got it                     Donald Graham, the Post Co. chairman and chief executive, explains why he came to believe Amazon founder Jeff Bezos offers the Post the best chance to thrive after 80 years of Graham family ownership. (The Washington Post)    By Paul Farhi  By Paul Farhi   August 5, 2013  Follow @farhip     The Washington Post Co. agreed Monday to sell its flagship newspaper to Amazon.com founder and chief executive Jeffrey P. Bezos, ending the Graham family’s stewardship of one of America’s leading news organizations after four generations. Bezos, whose entrepreneurship has made him one of the world’s richest men, will pay $250 million in cash for The Post and affiliated publications to The Washington Post Co., which owns the newspaper and other businesses.  Seattle-based Amazon will have no role in the purchase; Bezos himself will buy the news organization and become its sole owner when the sale is completed, probably within 60 days. The Post Co. will get a new, still undecided name and continue as a publicly traded company without the newspaper. The deal represents a sudden and stunning turn of events for The Post, Washington’s leading newspaper for decades and a powerful force in shaping the nation’s politics and policy. Few people were aware that a sale was in the works for the paper, an institution that has covered presidents and local communities and gained worldwide attention for its stories about the Watergate scandal and, in June, disclosures about National Security Agency surveillance programs.  Post Co. chairman and chief executive Donald E. Graham and Post publisher Katharine Weymouth, his niece, broke the news of the sale to a packed meeting of employees at the company’s headquarters in downtown Washington on Monday. The mood was hushed; several veteran employees cried as Graham and Weymouth took turns reading statements and answering questions. “Everyone who was in that room knows how much Don and Katharine love the paper and how hard this must have been for them,” said David Ignatius, a veteran Post columnist who was visibly moved after the meeting.   Timeline     The major events that have shaped the Washington Post Co.     But for much of the past decade, The Post has been unable to escape the financial turmoil that has engulfed newspapers and other “legacy” media organizations. The rise of the Internet and the epochal change from print to digital technology have created a massive wave of competition for traditional news companies, scattering readers and advertisers across a radically altered news and information landscape and triggering mergers, bankruptcies and consolidation among the owners of print and broadcasting properties. “Every member of my family started out with the same emotion — shock — in even thinking about” selling The Post, Graham said in an interview Monday. “But when the idea of a trans­action with Jeff Bezos came up, it altered my feelings.” He added: “The Post could have survived under the company’s ownership and been profitable for the foreseeable future. But we wanted to do more than survive. I’m not saying this guarantees success, but it gives us a much greater chance of success.” Bezos, 49, will take the company private, meaning he will not have to report quarterly earnings to shareholders or be subjected to investors’ demands for ever-rising profits, as the publicly traded Washington Post Co. is obligated to do now. As such, he will be able to experiment with the paper without the pressure of showing an immediate return on any investment. Indeed, Bezos’s history of patient investment and long-term strategic thinking made him an attractive buyer, Weymouth said. The Washington Post Co.’s newspaper division, of which the Post newspaper is the most prominent part, has suffered a 44 percent decline in operating revenue over the past six years. Although The Post is one of the most popular news sources online, print circulation has dwindled, falling an additional 7 percent daily and on Sundays during the first half of this year. Ultimately, the paper’s financial challenges prompted the company’s board to consider a sale, a step once regarded as unthinkable by insiders and the Graham family.  Seeking a buyer With extraordinary secrecy, Graham hired the investment firm Allen & Co. to shop the paper, company executives said. Graham said he thinks the firm first made contact with Bezos in March or April. But the communications broke off for two months. They did not resume until mid-July, according to Graham, when Bezos contacted him; the two men met twice during a conference. “At the end of it he said he thought he wanted to go ahead,” Graham said, “but he — obviously, he and his team -- needed time to really look over the business and understand it more thoroughly. And then he did, and we quickly reached a deal.” Allen’s representatives spoke with a half-dozen potential suitors before The Post Co.’s board settled on Bezos, a legendary tech innovator who has never operated a newspaper.  Bezos, in an interview, called The Post “an important institution” and expressed optimism about its future. “I don’t want to imply that I have a worked-out plan,” he said. “This will be uncharted terrain, and it will require experimentation.” “There would be change with or without new ownership,” he said. “But the key thing I hope people will take away from this is that the values of The Post do not need changing. The duty of the paper is to the readers, not the owners.” Despite the end of the Graham family’s control of the newspaper after 80 years, Graham and Bezos said management and operations of the newspaper will continue without disruption after the sale.   Weymouth — who represents the fourth generation of her family involved in the newspaper — will remain as publisher and chief executive of the Bezos-owned Post; Martin Baron will remain executive editor. No layoffs among the paper’s 2,000 employees are contemplated as a result of the transaction, Bezos and Graham said. Bezos said he will maintain his home in Seattle and will delegate the paper’s daily operations to its existing management. “I have a fantastic day job that I love,” he said. In a note to Post employees on Monday, Weymouth wrote: “This is a day that my family and I never expected to come. The Washington Post Company is selling the newspaper that it has owned and nurtured for eight decades. ” The new owner of The Post may be as much of a surprise as the decision to sell the paper in the first place. Throughout his storied business career, Bezos, who has a net worth of $25.2 billion, has been an empire builder, although he has never shown any evident interest in the newspaper business. He has, however, maintained a long friendship with Graham, and they have informally advised each other over the years. Graham, for example, advised Bezos about how to feature newspapers on the Kindle, Amazon’s popular e-reader. A computer-science and ­electrical-engineering student at Princeton University, Bezos used his tech savvy to rise rapidly at a New York hedge-fund company, becoming its youngest senior vice president. He founded Amazon at 30 with a $300,000 loan from his parents, working out of the garage in his rented home in Bellevue, Wash. He called his creation Amazon in part to convey the breadth of its offerings; early promotions called the site “Earth’s Biggest Bookstore.” Since Amazon’s founding, Bezos has devoted himself to building it into a retail behemoth that sells everything from diapers to garden equipment to data storage at low prices with a click of a mouse. It rang up $61 billion in sales last year. In the process, Amazon has wreaked havoc on traditional brick-and-mortar stores. Many retailers have expressed dismay and resentment at Amazon’s ability to sell the same products at a lower price, in part because of its efficiency but also because it was not collecting sales tax in most states. For long periods, however, Bezos frustrated investors and analysts who wanted Amazon to turn profits more quickly or more regularly. Because of heavy investments in warehouses and new businesses, Amazon did not deliver a profit until the company’s ninth year of operation, and seven years after it started selling shares to the public. At times, Bezos has been openly disdainful of Wall Street’s demands for bigger quarterly profits. He told Fortune magazine last year, “The three big ideas at Amazon are long-term thinking, customer obsession, and willingness to invent.” Under Bezos, the company’s drive into new businesses has been relentless. To supplement its line of Kindle readers and tablets, for example, Bezos pushed Amazon into book publishing itself, upsetting rivals such as Barnes & Noble and book agents alike. (Bezos is an avid newspaper reader; in addition to The Post, he said, he reads the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal.)  But Amazon’s breakneck growth has also come with a few stumbles. Among other investments, Bezos bought a majority stake in Pets.com in 1999 and paid $60 million for a portion of Kozmo.com, a delivery service. Both companies went out of business. An attempt to compete with eBay in online auctions was not successful. As a result, an investment in Amazon comes with the likelihood of erratic earnings — and sometimes no earnings at all. The company lost $39 million last year. Ultimately, however, Amazon has rewarded patient believers. Its sales have increased almost tenfold since 2004, and its stock price has quadrupled in the past five years. “We believe in the long term,” Bezos told Fortune, “but the long term also has to come.” Friends and competitors have described Bezos as cerebral, demanding, curious and given to asking challenging questions. He shows little tolerance for those who are poorly prepared but can be charming and quick to laugh. “If Jeff is unhappy, wait five minutes,” his wife has said of him. Bezos’s personal ventures have also given little hint of any major interest in the news business. He started a private company called Blue Origin in 2000 to develop a space vehicle and has acquired land in west Texas as a rocket launch site, both part of a lifelong passion for space travel. He is also reportedly spending $42 million to develop a clock inside a mountain in Texas that is designed to last 10,000 years — a symbol of Bezos’s business philosophy of thinking long-term. In naming Bezos its “Businessperson of the Year” in 2012, Fortune called him “the ultimate disrupter . . . [who] has upended the book industry and displaced electronic merchants” while pushing into new businesses, such as TV and feature-film production.  His drive and business creativity have earned him favorable comparisons to Steve Jobs, Apple’s co-founder and a confidant of Don Graham and his mother, Katharine Graham, who served as Post Co. publisher, chairman and chief executive. This year, the Harvard Business Review ranked Bezos as the second-best-performing chief executive in the world during the past decade, following only Jobs, who died in 2011.  In his announcement to employees Monday, Donald Graham quoted billionaire investor Warren E. Buffett, a longtime adviser to The Post Co., as calling Bezos “the ablest CEO in America.”  Bezos’s reputation and smarts made him attractive as a buyer of The Post, Weymouth said in an interview. “He’s everything we were looking for — a business leader with a track record of entrepreneurship who believes in our values and cares about journalism, and someone who was willing to pay a fair price to our shareholders,” she said.  Weymouth said the decision to sell The Post sprang from annual budget discussions she had with Graham late last year. “We talked about whether [The Washington Post Co.] was the right place to house The Post,” she said. “If journalism is the mission, given the pressures to cut costs and make profits, maybe [a publicly traded company] is not the best place for The Post.” Any buyer, she said, “had to share our values and commitment to journalism or we wouldn’t sell it.” The sale to Bezos involves The Post and its Web site (washingtonpost.com), along with the Express newspaper, the Gazette Newspapers and Southern Maryland Newspapers in suburban Washington, the Fairfax County Times, the Spanish-language newspaper El Tiempo Latino, and the Robinson Terminal production plant in Springfield. Bezos will also purchase the Comprint printing operation in Gaithersburg, which produces several military publications. The deal does not include the company’s headquarters on 15th Street NW (the building has been for sale since February) or Foreign Policy magazine, the Web sites Slate and the Root, the WaPo Labs digital development operation, or Post-owned land along the Potomac River in Alexandria. The Post under the Grahams The Post, founded in 1877, has been controlled since 1933 by the heirs of Eugene Meyer, a Wall Street financier and former Federal Reserve official. Meyer bought the paper for $825,000 at a bankruptcy auction during the depth of the Depression. After years of financial struggle, Meyer and his successor as publisher of The Post, son-in-law Philip L. Graham, steered the paper into a leading position among Washington’s morning newspapers. They began expanding the company, notably by acquiring TV stations and Newsweek magazine in 1963. (The company sold the magazine for a nominal fee to billionaire Sidney Harman in 2010 after years of losses.) In later years, the company added cable TV systems and the Kaplan educational division, currently the company’s largest by revenue. Upon Graham’s death in 1963, his widow (and Meyer’s daughter), Katharine Graham, took over management of the company. Despite her inexperience as a corporate executive, Mrs. Graham ably led the company through a colorful and expansive period.  The newspaper rose to national stature under Benjamin C. Bradlee, whom Katharine Graham had hired from Newsweek in 1965 as a deputy managing editor and promoted to executive editor in 1968. Bradlee oversaw the opening of reporting bureaus across the nation and around the world, started the Style section and ignited the paper’s long run of Pulitzer Prize-winning reporting. The Post’s and New York Times’ publication in 1971 of stories based on the Pentagon Papers — a secret government study of U.S. military and political involvement in Vietnam — led to a landmark legal case in which the Supreme Court prohibited the government from exercising “prior restraint,” or pre-publication censorship, against the newspapers. The arrest of five men accused of breaking into the Democratic National Committee’s headquarters at the Watergate office complex in 1972 triggered the newspaper’s unearthing of a series of illegal activities orchestrated by President Richard M. Nixon and his closest advisers. The revelations eventually led to Nixon’s resignation. The events were memorialized by the movie “All the President’s Men,” which turned The Post — as well as Bradlee and reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein — into household names. Seven years after Nixon’s resignation, however, the paper suffered one of its darkest hours. It was forced to give back a Pulitzer Prize awarded to reporter Janet Cooke in 1981 after she admitted that her story about an 8-year-old heroin addict in Washington named Jimmy was a fabrication. Katharine Graham, who died in 2001, was succeeded as Post publisher by her son, Donald, in 1979. He also succeeded her as chief executive of The Washington Post Co. in 1991. During the 1990s and into the new century, under Bradlee’s successor, Leonard Downie Jr., the paper enjoyed arguably its most successful run in terms of profits, circulation and journalism. With little direct competition in Washington, the newspaper division’s revenue and profit soared. The Post won 25 Pulitzers under Downie, including six in 2008, the year he retired and was succeeded by Marcus Brauchli as editor. The Grahams are among the last of a dwindling number of multigenerational family owners of metropolitan newspapers. Most major newspapers were once owned by local families with decades-long ties to their town or city, but that ownership profile has faded with succeeding generations and has largely disappeared in the Internet era. Many of the heirs to great newspaper fortunes have sold their holdings to corporations or wealthy investors with little connection to the regions that the newspapers helped shape or, in some instances lately, to local businesspeople whose wealth was more recently acquired. Over the past 20 years, the list of family-owned companies that have sold their newspaper holdings include the Chandlers (owners of the Los Angeles Times, among others), the Cowles family (Minneapolis Star Tribune), the Copleys (San Diego Union-Tribune) and the Bancrofts (Wall Street Journal). The New York Times, controlled by the Sulzberger family, is among the last major dailies still operated by descendants of an early proprietor. It acquired the Boston Globe from members of the Taylor family in 1993 for $1.1 billion; it announced last week that it was selling the paper for a mere $70 million to Boston businessman John W. Henry, who owns the Boston Red Sox baseball team. After the sale to Bezos, the Graham family will continue to control the renamed Washington Post Co. through its closely held stock, known as Class A shares. The A shares cannot be sold on the open market but outvote a second class of public stock, called Class B shares. The New York Times Co. has a similar stock structure, ensuring the Sulzbergers’ control. Bezos, who ranks 11th on the Forbes 400 list of wealthiest individuals in the United States, has given little indication of his ideological leanings over the years. He has not been a heavy contributor to political campaigns, although he and his wife have regularly donated to the campaign of Sen. Patty Murray (D-Wash.). In years past, they had given modest contributions to a handful of Republican and Democratic senators. Bezos’s political profile rose suddenly and sharply when he and his wife, MacKenzie, agreed last year to donate $2.5 million to help pass a referendum measure that would legalize same-sex marriage in Washington state, catapulting them to the top ranks of financial backers of gay rights in the country. The donation doubled the money available to the initiative, which was approved in November and made Washington among the first states to pass same-sex marriage by popular vote. Perhaps the single biggest item on Amazon’s legislative agenda is a bill that would empower all states to collect sales tax from online retailers. Amazon is required to collect sales taxes only in states where it maintains a physical presence, such as a warehouse. But Amazon now is supporting the bill, which has passed the Senate and is pending in the House. State sales taxes no longer pose a real threat to Amazon; with an emphasis on same-day shipping, the company is building distribution warehouses across the country and would have to pay the tax anyway. Last month, the company announced it would hire 5,000 employees at these warehouses, an ambitious growth strategy that is hurting profits in the short run.  Bezos’s most notable charitable donations have been twin $10 million contributions to two Seattle-based institutions, the Museum of History and Industry and the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center. The gift to the museum was for the creation of a center for innovation that would be situated a few blocks from a new Amazon headquarters campus.  Baron, the former editor of the Boston Globe who joined The Post as its editor in January, said he was surprised to learn last week that the newspaper was being sold. But he added: “I’m encouraged that the paper will be in the hands of a successful businessperson who understands the world of technology as well as anyone. He’s expressed his commitment to the organization and to its continued independence. . . . I came here because I wanted to join a great news organization, and it will continue to be one.”          national   Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false after3th false          Please provide a valid email address.           Sign up      You’re all set!   See all newsletters           national   Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true endOfArticle false          Please provide a valid email address.           Sign up      You’re all set!   See all newsletters                Comments           Share on FacebookShare       Share on TwitterTweet     Share via Email                  Paul Farhi is The Washington Post's media reporter.  Follow @farhip                      Show Comments       Discussion Policy     Comments       SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge   Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge   Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge   Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer.   Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge   Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge   World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge   Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post.   You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here   You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here   Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badgesGet a badge  To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.    Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.          Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic        Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators.                 Facebook  Twitter  Reddit     StumbleUpon  Digg                                Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series.   You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series.             ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series.        Most Read        1   Kushner questioned by Senate investigators on Russia       2   ‘Sweet dreams, baby’: Charlie Gard’s parents end months-long legal fight to keep him alive       3   On a disputed South China Sea island, Beijing unveils a high-tech cinema       4   The Latest: UN warns Jerusalem crisis could be catastrophic       5   Navy surveillance plane dodges Chinese jet with ‘evasive action’       6   At 15, she joined ISIS after converting to Islam. Now this German teen wants to go home.       7   Philippines’s Duterte keeps lashing out at the United States — over atrocities a century ago       8   The Latest: Dog-walker saw chainsaw suspect in Swiss woods       9   In France, murder of a Jewish woman ignites debate over the word ‘terrorism’       10   Sessions discussed Trump campaign-related matters with Russian ambassador, U.S. intelligence intercepts show       11   Israel seeks alternative to metal detectors to end crisis            The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post.   Subscribe           national       Success! Check your inbox for details.        Please enter a valid email address    You might also like:                 Sign Up No Thanks   See all newsletters      Editor's Picks    As its business grows, so does Amazon’s D.C. lobbying presence      The sale of The Washington Post: How the unthinkable choice became the clear path      Washington Post sale: Details of Bezos deal      Bezos is known for his patience      Graham is likely to continue to diversify company      Open letter to Jeff Bezos      Why Bezos usually buys things      With The Washington Post sold, will New York Times be next?      Bezos could use Amazon model of customer targeting to reboot newspaper industry      Jeff Bezos, The Post’s incoming owner, known for a demanding management style at Amazon         washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices        Close video player   Now Playing                     Read content from allstate           Content from Allstate  This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio.   We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.                                                     


Jeff Bezos - Wikipedia






















 






Jeff Bezos

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Jeff Bezos



Bezos in 2016



Born
Jeffrey Preston Jorgensen
(1964-01-12) January 12, 1964 (age 53)
Albuquerque, New Mexico, U.S.


Nationality
American


Alma mater
Princeton University


Occupation
Technology and retail entrepreneur and investor


Known for
Founding and leading Amazon.com


Net worth
US$87.2 billion (July 2017)[1]


Spouse(s)
MacKenzie Bezos (m. 1993)[2]


Children
4[3]


Parent(s)



Ted Jorgensen
Jacklyn Bezos[a]
Miguel Bezos (step-father)





Jeffrey Preston "Jeff" Bezos (/ˈbeɪzoʊs/;[4] née Jorgensen; born January 12, 1964) is an American technology and retail entrepreneur, investor, and philanthropist[5] who is best known as the founder, chairman, and chief executive officer of Amazon.com, the world's largest online shopping retailer.[6] The company began as an Internet merchant of books and expanded to a wide variety of products and services, most recently video streaming and audio streaming. Amazon.com is currently the world's largest Internet sales company on the World Wide Web,[7] as well as the world's largest provider of cloud infrastructure services, through its Amazon Web Services arm.[8]
Bezos's other diversified business interests include aerospace and newspapers. He is the founder and manufacturer of Blue Origin (founded in 2000) with test flights to space which started in 2015, and plans for commercial suborbital human spaceflight beginning in 2018.[9] In 2013, Bezos purchased The Washington Post newspaper.[10] A number of other business investments are managed through Bezos Expeditions.
With an estimated net worth of US$87.2 billion as of June 2017,[11] Bezos is currently the second-richest person in the world,[12] just behind fellow American Bill Gates in first place, and just ahead of Warren Buffett and Amancio Ortega in third and fourth place respectively.[13][14]



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Business career

2.1 Early career
2.2 Amazon.com
2.3 Blue Origin
2.4 The Washington Post
2.5 Other investments
2.6 Bezos Expeditions


3 Philanthropy
4 Recognition
5 Criticism
6 Personal life
7 Notes
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



Early life and education[edit]
Bezos was born in 1964 as Jeffrey Preston Jorgensen to Jacklyn (née Gise) and Ted Jorgensen in Albuquerque, New Mexico.[15] His maternal ancestors were settlers who lived in Texas, and over the generations acquired a 25,000-acre (101 km2 or 39 miles2) ranch near Cotulla. As of March 2015[update], Bezos was among the largest landholders in Texas.[16] Bezos's maternal grandfather was a regional director of the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission in Albuquerque. He retired early to the ranch, where Bezos spent many summers as a youth, working with him.[17] At an early age, he displayed mechanical aptitude—as a toddler, he dismantled his crib with a screwdriver.[18]
Bezos's mother Jacklyn was a teenager at the time of his birth. Her marriage to Jorgensen lasted a little more than a year. In April 1968 (when Jeff was 4), she married her second husband, Miguel Bezos, a Cuban who immigrated to the United States alone when he was 15 years old. His family was originally from Villafrechós, a little town in Valladolid (Spain). Miguel Bezos worked his way through the University of New Mexico and married Jacklyn, becoming Jeff Jorgensen's step-father, who had his surname changed to Bezos. After the wedding the family moved to Houston (Texas) and Miguel worked as an engineer for Exxon. The young Jeff attended River Oaks Elementary School in Houston from fourth to sixth grade. As a child, he spent summers working on his grandfather's ranch in southern Texas.[19]
Bezos often displayed scientific interests and technological proficiency; he once rigged an electric alarm to keep his younger siblings out of his room.[20] The family moved to Miami, Florida, where he attended Miami Palmetto High School. While in high school, he attended the Student Science Training Program at the University of Florida, receiving a Silver Knight Award in 1982.[21] He was high school valedictorian[22] and a National Merit Scholar.[23]
Bezos graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Princeton University with Bachelor of Science (B.S.) degrees in electrical engineering and computer science.[24] While at Princeton, he was also elected to Tau Beta Pi. He served as the president of the Princeton chapter of the Students for the Exploration and Development of Space.[25]
Business career[edit]
Early career[edit]
After graduating from Princeton in 1986, Bezos worked on Wall Street in the computer science field.[26] He then worked on building a network for international trade for a company known as Fitel.[27] He next worked at Bankers Trust.[28] Later on he also worked on Internet-enabled business opportunities at the hedge fund company D. E. Shaw & Co.[29]
Amazon.com[edit]
Main article: Amazon.com
Bezos founded Amazon.com in 1994 after making a cross-country drive from New York to Seattle, writing up the Amazon business plan on the way. He initially set up the company in his garage.[30] He had left his well-paying job at a New York City hedge fund after learning "about the rapid growth in Internet use," which coincided with a new U.S. Supreme Court ruling that exempted mail order companies from collecting sales taxes in states where they lack a physical presence."[19]
Bezos is known for his attention to business details. As described by Portfolio.com, he "is at once a happy-go-lucky mogul and a notorious micromanager. ... an executive who wants to know about everything from contract minutiae to how he is quoted in all Amazon press releases."[30]
On August 15, 2015, The New York Times wrote an article entitled "Inside Amazon: Wrestling Big Ideas in a Bruising Workplace" about Amazon's business practices. Bezos responded to his employees with a Sunday memo[31] claiming it did not represent the company he leads and challenged its depiction as "a soulless, dystopian workplace where no fun is had and no laughter heard",[32] and to contact him directly if true.
In May 2016, Bezos sold slightly more than one million shares of his holdings in the company for $671 million, making it the largest amount of money he had ever raised in a sale of his Amazon holdings.[33] On August 4, 2016, he sold another million of his shares at a value of $756.7 million. As of June 19, 2016, Bezos owned 83.9 million shares of Amazon stock,[34] being 16.9% of all shares outstanding, with a market value of $83.9 billion.[35]
Blue Origin[edit]
Main article: Blue Origin
In 2000, Bezos founded Blue Origin, a human spaceflight startup company,[36] partially as a result of his fascination with space travel,[37] including an early interest in developing "space hotels, amusement parks, colonies and small cities for 2 million or 3 million people orbiting the Earth."[22] The company was kept secret for a few years; it became publicly known only in 2006 when it purchased a sizable aggregation of land in west Texas for a launch and test facility.[38] In a 2011 interview, Bezos indicated that he founded the space company to help enable "anybody to go into space" and stated that the company was committed to decreasing the cost and increasing the safety of spaceflight.[39] "Blue Origin is one of several start-ups aiming to open up space travel to paying customers. Like Amazon, the company is secretive, but [in September 2011] revealed that it had lost an unmanned prototype vehicle during a short-hop test flight. Although this was a setback, the announcement of the loss revealed for the first time just how far Blue Origin's team had advanced."[37] Bezos said that the crash was 'not the outcome that any of us wanted, but we're signed up for this to be hard.'"[37] A profile published in 2013 described a 1982 Miami Herald interview he gave after he was named high school class valedictorian. The 18-year-old Bezos "said he wanted to build space hotels, amusement parks and colonies for 2 million or 3 million people who would be in orbit. 'The whole idea is to preserve the earth' he told the newspaper .... The goal was to be able to evacuate humans. The planet would become a park."[40]
In 2013, Bezos reportedly discussed commercial spaceflight opportunities and strategies with Richard Branson, multibillionaire founder of Virgin Group and chairman of Virgin Galactic.[41]
In 2015, Bezos further discussed the motivation for his spaceflight-related business when he announced a new orbital launch vehicle under development for late-2010s first flight. He indicated that his ambitions in space are not location dependent—Mars, Lunar, asteroidal, etc.—"we want to go everywhere, [requiring significantly lower launch costs.] Our number-one opponent is gravity. ... The vision for Blue is pretty simple. We want to see millions of people living and working in space. That's going to take a long time. I think it's a worthwhile goal."[42] In 2016, Bezos opened up the Blue rocket design and manufacturing facility to journalists for the first time, and gave extensive interviews that included an articulation of his vision for space and for Blue Origin. Bezos sees space as being "chock full of resources" and foresees a "Great Inversion" where there will emerge "space commercialization that stretches out for hundreds of years, leading to an era when millions of people would be living and working in space." He sees both energy and heavy manufacturing occurring in space, having the effect of reduced pollution on Earth, in effect reducing the probability that something "bad happens to the Earth."[9] Bezos has said that he is trying to change the fundamental cost structure of accessing space.[43]
On November 23, 2015, Blue Origin's New Shepard space vehicle successfully flew to space, reaching its planned test altitude of 329,839 feet (100.5 kilometers) before executing a vertical landing back at the launch site in West Texas.[44] Blue Origin is in an extensive flight test program of New Shepard which expects to begin carrying "test passengers" in 2017 and initiate commercial flights in 2018.[9] Blue is currently building six of the vehicles to support all phases of testing and operations: no-passenger test flights, flights with test passengers, and commercial-passenger weekly operations.[45]
In June 2016, Bezos reiterated his long term goal to see nearly all heavy-industry manufacturing factories in space as part of a wide-ranging, but rare, interview.[46] In September 2016, he added that he hoped to colonize the solar system.[47] Recently, Bezos also revealed that he was selling about $1 billion in Amazon stock a year to finance his Blue Origin rocket company.[48]
The Washington Post[edit]
On August 5, 2013, Bezos announced his purchase of The Washington Post for $250 million in cash. Amazon.com was not to be involved.[49] "This is uncharted terrain," he told the newspaper, "and it will require experimentation."[49] Shortly after the announcement of intent to purchase, The Washington Post published a long-form profile of Bezos on August 10, 2013.[40] The sale closed on October 1, 2013, and Bezos's Nash Holdings LLC took control.[50]
In March 2014, Bezos made his first significant change at The Washington Post and lifted the online paywall for subscribers of a number of U.S. local newspapers including The Dallas Morning News, the Honolulu Star-Advertiser, and the Minneapolis Star-Tribune.[51] Bezos revealed in 2016 that he conducted no due diligence when accepting the first offer from former Washington Post owner Donald E. Graham.[52]
Other investments[edit]
Bezos was one of the first shareholders in Google, when he invested $250,000 in 1998. That $250,000 investment resulted in 3.3 million shares of Google stock worth about $3.1 billion today.[53][54]
He has also invested in Unity Biotechnology, a life-extension research firm hoping to slow or stop the process of aging.[55]
Bezos Expeditions[edit]
Companies that have been funded at least in part by Bezos Expeditions include (this list is incomplete):[56][57]


Airbnb – sharing economy
Aviary – software (photo editing)
Basecamp – software (project management)
Behance – self-promotion network
Blue Origin – space travel
Business Insider – publishing
Crowdrise – for-profit charitable giving platform
Domo – software (business intelligence)
D-Wave Systems – quantum computing
Everfi[58] – technology for education
Finsphere[59] – software (authentication)
General Assembly – technology education
General Fusion – sustainable energy (nuclear fusion)
Glassybaby – supports cancer patients
Google – google searcher
Juno Therapeutics – cancer biopharmaceuticals
Kongregate – online games
Linden Lab – online games (Second Life)
Lookout – technology (mobile security)
MakerBot Industries – 3D printers
MFG.com – manufacturer direct marketplace
Nextdoor – localized social networking
Pelago – online games
Powerset – natural-language search engine
Pro.com – home services marketplace
Qliance – health care
Rescale – cloud computing simulations
Rethink Robotics[60] – manufacturing robots
Sapphire Energy – sustainable energy (crude oil from algae)
Skytap – cloud computing
Stack Exchange – technology publishing
TeachStreet – search engine to find teachers
Twitter – social networking
Uber – sharing economy
Vessel – subscription video service
Vicarious – artificial intelligence
Workday – software for business
ZocDoc – software (healthcare appointments)


Philanthropy[edit]
In July 2012, Bezos and his wife personally donated $2.5 million to support a same-sex marriage referendum that successfully passed in Washington.[61]
Nonprofit projects funded by Bezos Expeditions include[citation needed]

Bezos Center for Innovation at the Seattle Museum of History and Industry – $10 million[62]
Recovery of two Saturn V first-stage Rocketdyne F-1 engines from the floor of the Atlantic Ocean.[63] They were positively identified as belonging to the Apollo 11 mission's S-1C stage in July 2013.[64]
Bezos Center for Neural Circuit Dynamics at Princeton Neuroscience Institute – $15 million[65]
Bezos Family Foundation, an educational charity.[66] The Foundation is reported being mainly funded by Jeff's parents from their holdings in Amazon as early investors in the enterprise.[67]

The foundation gave $10 million in 2009 and $20 million in 2010 to the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center.[68] Bezos also donated $800,000 to Worldreader, founded by a former Amazon employee.[69]
Recognition[edit]
He was named Time magazine's Person of the Year in 1999.[70] In 2008 he was selected by U.S. News & World Report as one of America's best leaders.[71] Bezos was awarded an honorary doctorate in Science and Technology from Carnegie Mellon University in 2008. In 2011, The Economist gave Bezos and Gregg Zehr an Innovation Award for the Amazon Kindle.[72]
In 2012, Bezos was named Businessperson of The Year by Fortune.[73] He is also a member of the Bilderberg Group and attended the 2011 Bilderberg conference in St. Moritz, Switzerland,[74] and the 2013 conference in Watford, Hertfordshire, England. He was a member of the Executive Committee of The Business Council for 2011 and 2012.[75]
According to Forbes, Bezos is listed in October 2016 as the third wealthiest person in the world, with an estimated net worth of US$72 billion.[76] In 2014, he was ranked the best CEO in the world by Harvard Business Review.[77]
He has also figured in Fortune's list of Fifty great leaders of the world for three straight years, topping the list in 2015.
In September 2016, Bezos was awarded the Heinlein Prize for Advances in Space Commercialization which earned him $250,000. The prize money was donated to the Students for the Exploration and Development of Space by Bezos.[78]
Criticism[edit]
Bezos was named World's Worst Boss by the International Trade Union Confederation (ITUC), at their World Congress, in May 2014. In making the award, Sharan Burrow, general secretary of the ITUC, said "Jeff Bezos represents the inhumanity of employers who are promoting the American corporate model..."[79] An article in The New York Times described working for Bezos and in the offices of Amazon as a grueling and inhumane experience, with many employees regularly being terminated or quitting.[80]
Under Bezos’s direction, Amazon has been criticized as "stingy" in its corporate giving practices.[69][81]
Journalist Shawn McCoy contrasted the philanthropic practices of Amazon and Bezos with the comparatively more generous Microsoft (also based near Seattle) and fellow billionaires Bill Gates[82] and Paul Allen (who in April 2017 personally donated 30 million dollars to help house homeless families in Seattle.[83]) Some found Bezos more akin to Steve Jobs, who was skeptical of philanthropy and made few donations.[84][85]
Personal life[edit]
Bezos and his wife MacKenzie have four children.[40][86] His biological father Ted Jorgensen tried in vain before his 2015 death to contact Jeff and to be acknowledged as his father.[87]
In 2016, Bezos played a Starfleet official in the movie Star Trek Beyond, later joining the cast and crew at a San Diego Comic-Con screening.[88]
Notes[edit]



^ Jacklyn Bezos was born as Jacklyn Gise, changed her name to Jorgensen when she married Ted, and to Bezos when she married Miguel.



References[edit]


^ https://www.forbes.com/profile/jeff-bezos/
^ Bayers, Chip. "The Inner Bezos". Wired. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ "Jeff Bezos Fast Facts". CNN. 2016. Retrieved March 7, 2017. 
^ "Jeff Bezos pronounces his name". The Washington Post. 2009. Retrieved August 17, 2013. 
^ "Jeff Bezos". insidephilanthropy.com. Retrieved April 16, 2017. 
^ "Jeff Bezos: Online Commerce Pioneer". TED. Retrieved August 5, 2013. 
^ Demery, Paul (January 14, 2013). "Bezos: 'I never expected this'". Internet Retailer. Retrieved August 5, 2013. 
^ "Public Cloud Computing Providers". Datamation. April 26, 2017. 
^ a b c Boyle, Alan (March 8, 2016). "Jeff Bezos lifts curtain on Blue Origin rocket factory, lays out grand plan for space travel that spans hundreds of years". GeekWire. Retrieved March 11, 2016. 
^ Farhi, Paul (August 5, 2013). "Washington Post to be sold to Jeff Bezos, the founder of Amazon". The Washington Post. Retrieved August 13, 2013. 
^ "Jeff Bezos". 
^ https://www.forbes.com/sites/noahkirsch/2017/06/16/jeff-bezos-worlds-second-richest-person-following-whole-foods-deal/
^ "Bloomberg Billionaires Index". bloomberg.com. Retrieved April 16, 2017. 
^ "Profile and Net Worth of Jeff Bezos". Forbes.com. Retrieved January 24, 2017. 
^ Robinson, Tom (2009). Jeff Bezos: Amazon.com Architect. ABDO. p. 14. ISBN 978-1-60453-759-8. 
^ Parkhurst, Emily (August 5, 2015). "Jeff Bezos just sold $534 million worth of Amazon stock". Puget Sound Business Journal. Retrieved August 5, 2015. 
^ "Biography and Video Interview of Jeff Bezos at Academy of Achievement". Achievement.org. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ Hof, Robert D. (December 14, 1998). "The torrent of energy behind Amazon". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. Archived from the original on November 17, 2014. Retrieved November 20, 2014. 
^ a b Martinez, Amy; Heim, Kristi (March 31, 2012). "Amazon a virtual no-show in hometown philanthropy". The Seattle Times. Retrieved April 1, 2012. 
^ "Biography and Video Interview of Jeff Bezos at Academy of Achievement". Achievement.org. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ "Miami-Dade Winners". Silver Knight Awards. Archived from the original on November 21, 2008. 
^ a b Martinez, Amy (March 31, 2012). "Amazon.com's Bezos invests in space travel, time". The Seattle Times. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ "Scholars You May Know". NationalMerit.org; retrieved December 16, 2014.
^ McCarthy, Jenna, "Jeff Bezos '86, MacKenzie Bezos '92 donate $15 million," The Daily Princetonian, December 13, 2011, accessed November 22, 2016 from http://www.dailyprincetonian.com/article/2011/12/jeff-bezos-86-mackenzie-bezos-92-donate-15-million
^ "Jeff Bezos Interview – page 6/6 – Academy of Achievement". Achievement.org. April 17, 2008. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ "Tau Beta Pi Leaders and Innovators". The Tau Beta Pi Association. 
^ Bayers, Chip (July 2003). "The Inner Bezos". Wired. 
^ Carlson, Nicholas (March 10, 2011). "The Life And Awesomeness Of Jeff Bezos". Business Insider. 
^ Brad Stone: The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon; Little Brown, October 2013.
^ a b "Top Executive Profiles – Jeffrey P. Bezos". Portfolio.com. Archived from the original on February 4, 2009. 
^ "Full memo: Jeff Bezos responds to brutal NYT story, says it doesn't represent the Amazon he leads - GeekWire". Retrieved August 18, 2015. 
^ Streitfeld, David; Kantor, Jodi (August 17, 2015). "Jeff Bezos Says Amazon Won't Tolerate 'Callous' Management Practices". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved August 18, 2015. 
^ "BEZOS JEFFREY P Insider Trading Transactions". InsiderMole.com. Retrieved July 14, 2016. 
^ http://www.davemanuel.com/net-worth/jeff-bezos/
^ "stock ownership". google.com. Retrieved June 19, 2017. 
^ Boyle, Alan (December 9, 2011). "Blue Origin Revealed". MSNBC. Archived from the original on December 23, 2009. 
^ a b c "Taking the long view: Jeff Bezos, the founder and chief executive of Amazon, owes much of his success to his ability to look beyond the short-term view of things". The Economist. March 3, 2012. Retrieved August 10, 2013. Mr Bezos's willingness to take a long-term view also explains his fascination with space travel, and his decision to found a secretive company called Blue Origin, one of several start-ups now building spacecraft with private funding. 
^ Mangalindan, Mylene (November 10, 2006). "Buzz in West Texas is about Jeff Bezos space craft launch site". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved May 28, 2008. 
^ Levy, Steven (November 13, 2011). "Jeff Bezos Owns the Web in More Ways Than You Think". Wired. Retrieved December 9, 2011. 
^ a b c Whoriskey, Peter (August 12, 2013). "For Jeff Bezos, a new frontier". The Washington Post. Retrieved February 20, 2014. 
^ Veverka, Mark (May 27, 2013). "Unplugged: Richard Branson's otherworldly space quest". USA Today. Retrieved May 28, 2013. 
^ Foust, Jeff (September 15, 2015). "Bezos Not Concerned About Competition, Possible ULA Sale". Space News. Retrieved September 16, 2015. 
^ Berger, Eric (March 10, 2016). "Jeff Bezos says he wants to fly into space "as soon as possible"". Ars Technica. Retrieved March 11, 2016. Bezos: I want to change the whole cost structure of accessing space. 
^ "Historic Rocket Landing (video clip)". Retrieved November 25, 2015. 
^ Foust, Jeff (March 8, 2016). "Blue Origin plans growth spurt this year". SpaceNews. Retrieved March 11, 2016. 
^ Graham, Chris (June 2, 2016). "Factories in space: Amazon founder Jeff Bezos unveils vision for the future". The Telegraph. www.telegraph.co.uk. Retrieved June 4, 2016. 
^ NatureWorldNews (September 27, 2016). "Jeff Bezos: Blue Origin Wants to Colonize the Solar System". Retrieved September 27, 2016. 
^ TheNewYorkTimes (April 5, 2017). "Jeff Bezos Says He Is Selling $1 Billion a Year in Amazon Stock to Finance Race to Space". Retrieved April 8, 2017. 
^ a b Farhi, Paul (August 6, 2013). "Washington Post to be sold to Jeff Bezos". The Washington Post. Retrieved August 5, 2013. 
^ Farhi, Paul (October 1, 2013). "The Washington Post closes sale to Amazon founder Jeff Bezos". The Washington Post.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Luckerson, Victor (March 19, 2014). "Jeff Bezos Makes His First Major Move at the Washington Post". Time. Retrieved February 20, 2016. 
^ "Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos signed the $250 million Washington Post deal with no due diligence". Business Insider. Retrieved March 25, 2016. 
^ Turo, Jay (2009). "The Story of Jeff Bezos' $250,000 Investment into Google in 1998". Growthink. Retrieved February 28, 2017. 
^ Swisher, Kara (2009). "New Yorker: Bezos' Initial Google Investment Was $250K in 1998 Because "I Just Fell in Love With Larry and Sergey"". All Things D. Retrieved February 28, 2017. 
^ Bloom, Ester (March 31, 2017). "Google's co-founders and other Silicon Valley billionaires are trying to live forever". CNBC. Retrieved June 29, 2017. 
^ [1] Archived June 5, 2015, at the Wayback Machine.
^ DEI Creative in Seattle, Washington. "Bezos Expeditions". bezosexpeditions.com. 
^ "EverFi – Critical Skills for Life". everfi.com. 
^ "Home". finsphere.com. Archived from the original on August 1, 2015. 
^ "Rethink Robotics – Advanced Robotics Technology – Collaborative Robots". Rethink Robotics. 
^ Shear, Micheal D. (July 27, 2012). "Amazon's Founder Pledges $2.5 Million in Support of Same Sex Marriage". The New York Times. 
^ "Jeff and MacKenzie Bezos Flip the Switch on New Bezos Center for Innovation at MOHAI, Kicking Off Saturday Launch Celebration". mohai.org. 
^ DEI Creative in Seattle, WA. "F-1 Engine Recovery – Bezos Expeditions". bezosexpeditions.com. 
^ Pearlman, Robert Z. (July 19, 2013). "Rocket Engine Part Recovered by Amazon CEO Has Apollo 11 History". Space.com. New York. Archived from the original on August 10, 2013. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ "Princeton University – Jeff and MacKenzie Bezos donate $15 million to create center in Princeton Neuroscience Institute". princeton.edu. 
^ "About Us". bezosfamilyfoundation.org. 
^ Metcalf, Tom; Coffey, Brendan (June 22, 2017). "Amazon’s Bezos Disrupts Another Frontier, With Just One Tweet". Bloomberg. Retrieved June 24, 2017. 
^ Soper, Taylor. "Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos and family donate $20M to Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center". GeekWire. 
^ a b "Jeff Bezos - Tech Philanthropists - Donors - Foundations - Inside Philanthropy". insidephilanthropy.com. 
^ Cooper Ramo, Joshua (December 27, 1999). "Jeffrey Preston Bezos: 1999 Person of the year". Time. 
^ LaGesse, David (November 19, 2008). "America's Best Leaders: Jeff Bezos, Amazon.com CEO". U.S. News & World Report. Retrieved November 25, 2008. 
^ "Charging ahead: e-book design and popularity win Kindle creators Innovation Award". The Economist. September 19, 2011. Archived from the original on April 14, 2012. 
^ "Amazon's Jeff Bezos: The ultimate disrupter". Fortune. Archived from the original on August 9, 2013. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ "Bilderberg 2011 list of participants". BilderbergMeetings.org. Archived from the original on August 28, 2011. Retrieved August 24, 2011. 
^ "Executive Committee". The Business Council. Archived from the original on July 21, 2013. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ "Jeff Bezos Real Time Net Worth". Forbes. June 2, 2016. Retrieved June 2, 2016. 
^ "The Best-Performing CEOs in the World". Harvard Business Review. Retrieved January 24, 2017. 
^ Davenport, Christian (September 15, 2016). "Jeff Bezos on nuclear reactors in space, the lack of bacon on Mars and humanity's destiny in the solar system". The Washington Post. Retrieved September 16, 2016. 
^ "Amazon's Jeff Bezos Wins ITUC's World's Worst Boss Poll". Ituc-csi.org. May 22, 2014. Retrieved October 27, 2015. 
^ "Inside Amazon: Wrestling Big Ideas in a Bruising Workplace". The New York Times. Retrieved October 27, 2015. 
^ "Five Rich Tech Titans And What They". Time. March 9, 2011. 
^ "Two tech titans. Two very different views of philanthropy. – InsideSources". InsideSources. 
^ http://www.king5.com/news/local/homeless/paul-allen-donates-30-million-to-permanent-housing-for-seattles-homeless/434327069
^ "Amazon a virtual no-show in hometown philanthropy". The Seattle Times. March 31, 2012. 
^ "Five Rich Tech Titans And What They". Time. March 9, 2011. 
^ "Jeff Bezos Fast Facts". CNN. March 24, 2016. 
^ "'I just want to see my son, I just want to shake his hand and have him acknowledge that I'm his father': Desperate plea of Amazon founder Jeff Bezos's ailing biological father". Daily Mail. January 16, 2014. 
^ "Amazon founder Jeff Bezos reveals Star Trek Beyond alien cameo". BBC. July 21, 2016. Retrieved February 22, 2017. 


Further reading[edit]

Inside the Mind of Jeff Bezos – Fastcompany.com (August 2004)
Internet billionaires face off in renewed Texas space race, Bownsville Herald, April 2015.

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Jeff Bezos.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Jeff Bezos



Jeff Bezos at Bloomberg L.P.
Jeff Bezos at TED 
Appearances on C-SPAN
Jeff Bezos on Charlie Rose
Jeff Bezos on IMDb
Works by or about Jeff Bezos in libraries (WorldCat catalog)
"Jeff Bezos collected news and commentary". The New York Times. 
Bezos Expeditions







v
t
e


Amazon.com



People





Current




Jeff Bezos
Tony Hsieh
Werner Vogels
Gregg Zehr






Former




Rick Dalzell
Brian McBride
Ram Shriram
Tom Szkutak
Brian Valentine
Christopher North








Facilities



Doppler
Day One





Products
and services





Websites




A9.com
AbeBooks
Alexa Internet
Amapedia
Askville
Book Depository
BookFinder
CDNow
China
Curse
Dash
Diapers.com
Digital Photography Review
Endless.com
Fresh
Goodreads
IMDb

Box Office Mojo
Withoutabox


Junglee.com
Local
Marketplace
Payments
PlanetAll
Shelfari
Twitch.tv
Wireless
Woot.com
Zappos
Souq.com






Web services




AMI
CloudFront
DynamoDB
EBS
EC2
MTurk
Product Advertising API
RDS
S3
SES
SimpleDB
SQS
VPC
Silk
Glacier
Storywriter






Digital




Alexa
Appstore
Audible Inc.
ComiXology
Amazon Drive
Echo
Video
Prime
Kindle
Kindle Fire
Fire HD
Fire HDX
Fire TV
Fire Phone
Kindle Store
Lexcycle
LoveFilm
Mobipocket
Music
Reflexive Entertainment
Fire OS
Amazon Digital Game Store






Technology




1-Click
Amazon Game Studios
Amazon Robotics
Carbonado
Dynamo
Graphiq
Gurupa
Lab126
Double Helix Games
Obidos
Liquavista






Publishing




Amazon Publishing
Amazon Studios
Breakthrough Novel Award
Best Books of the Year
Kindle Direct Publishing






Investments




43 Things
Amie Street (Songza)
LibraryThing
LivingSocial
Sellaband






Retail




Amazon Books
Amazon Go
Whole Foods Market (Pending)








Other



Amazon Light
Amazon Prime Air
ASIN
Controversies (tax)
Fishbowl
Locker
Perfect 10, Inc. v. Amazon.com, Inc.
Statistically improbable phrase
Vine
List of Amazon.com locations
List of mergers and acquisitions by Amazon.com
List of Amazon.com products and services












v
t
e


Blue Origin



Staff



Jeff Bezos (founder)
Jeffrey Ashby (chief of mission assurance)








Products




Rockets



Goddard
New Shepard
New Glenn





Rocket engines



BE-3
BE-4








Facilities



Seattle headquarters
West Texas test site
SLC-36 Florida





Related



ULA Vulcan












v
t
e


Time Persons of the Year (1976–2000)






Jimmy Carter (1976)
Anwar Sadat (1977)
Deng Xiaoping (1978)
Ayatollah Khomeini (1979)
Ronald Reagan (1980)
Lech Wałęsa (1981)
The Computer (1982)
Ronald Reagan / Yuri Andropov (1983)
Peter Ueberroth (1984)
Deng Xiaoping (1985)
Corazon Aquino (1986)
Mikhail Gorbachev (1987)
The Endangered Earth (1988)
Mikhail Gorbachev (1989)
George H. W. Bush (1990)
Ted Turner (1991)
Bill Clinton (1992)
The Peacemakers: Yitzhak Rabin / Nelson Mandela / F. W. de Klerk / Yasser Arafat (1993)
Pope John Paul II (1994)
Newt Gingrich (1995)
David Ho (1996)
Andrew Grove (1997)
Bill Clinton / Ken Starr (1998)
Jeffrey P. Bezos (1999)
George W. Bush (2000)








Complete roster
1927–1950
1951–1975
1976–2000
2001–present












v
t
e


The World's Billionaires – Top ten richest people in the world as of 20 April 2017






 Bill Gates ($86.0B, United States)
 Warren Buffett ($75.6B, United States)
 Jeff Bezos ($72.8B, United States)
 Amancio Ortega ($71.3B, Spain)
 Mark Zuckerberg ($56.0B, United States)
 Carlos Slim ($54.5B, Mexico)
 Larry Ellison ($52.2B, United States)
 Charles Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 David Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 Michael Bloomberg ($47.5B, United States)









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 1808007
LCCN: n99280137
ISNI: 0000 0001 0948 3211
GND: 122367227
SUDOC: 165841699
BNF: cb14409568k (data)
NDL: 001121324
NKC: xx0189631










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Jeff_Bezos&oldid=792143236"					
Categories: 1964 birthsLiving people21st-century American businesspeopleAmazon.com peopleAmerican adopteesAmerican billionairesAmerican chairmen of corporationsAmerican computer businesspeopleAmerican computer scientistsAmerican Internet company foundersAmerican investorsAmerican libertariansAmerican mass media ownersAmerican technology chief executivesAmerican technology company foundersAmerican people of Scandinavian descentBlue OriginOnline retailer foundersBusinesspeople from New MexicoFellows of the American Academy of Arts and SciencesBusinesspeople from Albuquerque, New MexicoPrinceton University alumniThe Washington Post publishersTau Beta PiPeople in the space industryPhi Beta Kappa membersLife extensionistsHidden categories: Pages using citations with accessdate and no URLWebarchive template wayback linksUse American English from March 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from July 2017Articles with hCardsArticles containing potentially dated statements from March 2015All articles containing potentially dated statementsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2017Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAzərbaycancaবাংলাBislamaCatalàČeštinaDeutschΕλληνικάEspañolفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어Հայերենहिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡKapampanganLatinaLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीമലയാളംBahasa Melayuမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSimple EnglishکوردیSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 18:47.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.























Jeff Bezos - Wikipedia






















 






Jeff Bezos

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Jeff Bezos



Bezos in 2016



Born
Jeffrey Preston Jorgensen
(1964-01-12) January 12, 1964 (age 53)
Albuquerque, New Mexico, U.S.


Nationality
American


Alma mater
Princeton University


Occupation
Technology and retail entrepreneur and investor


Known for
Founding and leading Amazon.com


Net worth
US$87.2 billion (July 2017)[1]


Spouse(s)
MacKenzie Bezos (m. 1993)[2]


Children
4[3]


Parent(s)



Ted Jorgensen
Jacklyn Bezos[a]
Miguel Bezos (step-father)





Jeffrey Preston "Jeff" Bezos (/ˈbeɪzoʊs/;[4] née Jorgensen; born January 12, 1964) is an American technology and retail entrepreneur, investor, and philanthropist[5] who is best known as the founder, chairman, and chief executive officer of Amazon.com, the world's largest online shopping retailer.[6] The company began as an Internet merchant of books and expanded to a wide variety of products and services, most recently video streaming and audio streaming. Amazon.com is currently the world's largest Internet sales company on the World Wide Web,[7] as well as the world's largest provider of cloud infrastructure services, through its Amazon Web Services arm.[8]
Bezos's other diversified business interests include aerospace and newspapers. He is the founder and manufacturer of Blue Origin (founded in 2000) with test flights to space which started in 2015, and plans for commercial suborbital human spaceflight beginning in 2018.[9] In 2013, Bezos purchased The Washington Post newspaper.[10] A number of other business investments are managed through Bezos Expeditions.
With an estimated net worth of US$87.2 billion as of June 2017,[11] Bezos is currently the second-richest person in the world,[12] just behind fellow American Bill Gates in first place, and just ahead of Warren Buffett and Amancio Ortega in third and fourth place respectively.[13][14]



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Business career

2.1 Early career
2.2 Amazon.com
2.3 Blue Origin
2.4 The Washington Post
2.5 Other investments
2.6 Bezos Expeditions


3 Philanthropy
4 Recognition
5 Criticism
6 Personal life
7 Notes
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



Early life and education[edit]
Bezos was born in 1964 as Jeffrey Preston Jorgensen to Jacklyn (née Gise) and Ted Jorgensen in Albuquerque, New Mexico.[15] His maternal ancestors were settlers who lived in Texas, and over the generations acquired a 25,000-acre (101 km2 or 39 miles2) ranch near Cotulla. As of March 2015[update], Bezos was among the largest landholders in Texas.[16] Bezos's maternal grandfather was a regional director of the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission in Albuquerque. He retired early to the ranch, where Bezos spent many summers as a youth, working with him.[17] At an early age, he displayed mechanical aptitude—as a toddler, he dismantled his crib with a screwdriver.[18]
Bezos's mother Jacklyn was a teenager at the time of his birth. Her marriage to Jorgensen lasted a little more than a year. In April 1968 (when Jeff was 4), she married her second husband, Miguel Bezos, a Cuban who immigrated to the United States alone when he was 15 years old. His family was originally from Villafrechós, a little town in Valladolid (Spain). Miguel Bezos worked his way through the University of New Mexico and married Jacklyn, becoming Jeff Jorgensen's step-father, who had his surname changed to Bezos. After the wedding the family moved to Houston (Texas) and Miguel worked as an engineer for Exxon. The young Jeff attended River Oaks Elementary School in Houston from fourth to sixth grade. As a child, he spent summers working on his grandfather's ranch in southern Texas.[19]
Bezos often displayed scientific interests and technological proficiency; he once rigged an electric alarm to keep his younger siblings out of his room.[20] The family moved to Miami, Florida, where he attended Miami Palmetto High School. While in high school, he attended the Student Science Training Program at the University of Florida, receiving a Silver Knight Award in 1982.[21] He was high school valedictorian[22] and a National Merit Scholar.[23]
Bezos graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Princeton University with Bachelor of Science (B.S.) degrees in electrical engineering and computer science.[24] While at Princeton, he was also elected to Tau Beta Pi. He served as the president of the Princeton chapter of the Students for the Exploration and Development of Space.[25]
Business career[edit]
Early career[edit]
After graduating from Princeton in 1986, Bezos worked on Wall Street in the computer science field.[26] He then worked on building a network for international trade for a company known as Fitel.[27] He next worked at Bankers Trust.[28] Later on he also worked on Internet-enabled business opportunities at the hedge fund company D. E. Shaw & Co.[29]
Amazon.com[edit]
Main article: Amazon.com
Bezos founded Amazon.com in 1994 after making a cross-country drive from New York to Seattle, writing up the Amazon business plan on the way. He initially set up the company in his garage.[30] He had left his well-paying job at a New York City hedge fund after learning "about the rapid growth in Internet use," which coincided with a new U.S. Supreme Court ruling that exempted mail order companies from collecting sales taxes in states where they lack a physical presence."[19]
Bezos is known for his attention to business details. As described by Portfolio.com, he "is at once a happy-go-lucky mogul and a notorious micromanager. ... an executive who wants to know about everything from contract minutiae to how he is quoted in all Amazon press releases."[30]
On August 15, 2015, The New York Times wrote an article entitled "Inside Amazon: Wrestling Big Ideas in a Bruising Workplace" about Amazon's business practices. Bezos responded to his employees with a Sunday memo[31] claiming it did not represent the company he leads and challenged its depiction as "a soulless, dystopian workplace where no fun is had and no laughter heard",[32] and to contact him directly if true.
In May 2016, Bezos sold slightly more than one million shares of his holdings in the company for $671 million, making it the largest amount of money he had ever raised in a sale of his Amazon holdings.[33] On August 4, 2016, he sold another million of his shares at a value of $756.7 million. As of June 19, 2016, Bezos owned 83.9 million shares of Amazon stock,[34] being 16.9% of all shares outstanding, with a market value of $83.9 billion.[35]
Blue Origin[edit]
Main article: Blue Origin
In 2000, Bezos founded Blue Origin, a human spaceflight startup company,[36] partially as a result of his fascination with space travel,[37] including an early interest in developing "space hotels, amusement parks, colonies and small cities for 2 million or 3 million people orbiting the Earth."[22] The company was kept secret for a few years; it became publicly known only in 2006 when it purchased a sizable aggregation of land in west Texas for a launch and test facility.[38] In a 2011 interview, Bezos indicated that he founded the space company to help enable "anybody to go into space" and stated that the company was committed to decreasing the cost and increasing the safety of spaceflight.[39] "Blue Origin is one of several start-ups aiming to open up space travel to paying customers. Like Amazon, the company is secretive, but [in September 2011] revealed that it had lost an unmanned prototype vehicle during a short-hop test flight. Although this was a setback, the announcement of the loss revealed for the first time just how far Blue Origin's team had advanced."[37] Bezos said that the crash was 'not the outcome that any of us wanted, but we're signed up for this to be hard.'"[37] A profile published in 2013 described a 1982 Miami Herald interview he gave after he was named high school class valedictorian. The 18-year-old Bezos "said he wanted to build space hotels, amusement parks and colonies for 2 million or 3 million people who would be in orbit. 'The whole idea is to preserve the earth' he told the newspaper .... The goal was to be able to evacuate humans. The planet would become a park."[40]
In 2013, Bezos reportedly discussed commercial spaceflight opportunities and strategies with Richard Branson, multibillionaire founder of Virgin Group and chairman of Virgin Galactic.[41]
In 2015, Bezos further discussed the motivation for his spaceflight-related business when he announced a new orbital launch vehicle under development for late-2010s first flight. He indicated that his ambitions in space are not location dependent—Mars, Lunar, asteroidal, etc.—"we want to go everywhere, [requiring significantly lower launch costs.] Our number-one opponent is gravity. ... The vision for Blue is pretty simple. We want to see millions of people living and working in space. That's going to take a long time. I think it's a worthwhile goal."[42] In 2016, Bezos opened up the Blue rocket design and manufacturing facility to journalists for the first time, and gave extensive interviews that included an articulation of his vision for space and for Blue Origin. Bezos sees space as being "chock full of resources" and foresees a "Great Inversion" where there will emerge "space commercialization that stretches out for hundreds of years, leading to an era when millions of people would be living and working in space." He sees both energy and heavy manufacturing occurring in space, having the effect of reduced pollution on Earth, in effect reducing the probability that something "bad happens to the Earth."[9] Bezos has said that he is trying to change the fundamental cost structure of accessing space.[43]
On November 23, 2015, Blue Origin's New Shepard space vehicle successfully flew to space, reaching its planned test altitude of 329,839 feet (100.5 kilometers) before executing a vertical landing back at the launch site in West Texas.[44] Blue Origin is in an extensive flight test program of New Shepard which expects to begin carrying "test passengers" in 2017 and initiate commercial flights in 2018.[9] Blue is currently building six of the vehicles to support all phases of testing and operations: no-passenger test flights, flights with test passengers, and commercial-passenger weekly operations.[45]
In June 2016, Bezos reiterated his long term goal to see nearly all heavy-industry manufacturing factories in space as part of a wide-ranging, but rare, interview.[46] In September 2016, he added that he hoped to colonize the solar system.[47] Recently, Bezos also revealed that he was selling about $1 billion in Amazon stock a year to finance his Blue Origin rocket company.[48]
The Washington Post[edit]
On August 5, 2013, Bezos announced his purchase of The Washington Post for $250 million in cash. Amazon.com was not to be involved.[49] "This is uncharted terrain," he told the newspaper, "and it will require experimentation."[49] Shortly after the announcement of intent to purchase, The Washington Post published a long-form profile of Bezos on August 10, 2013.[40] The sale closed on October 1, 2013, and Bezos's Nash Holdings LLC took control.[50]
In March 2014, Bezos made his first significant change at The Washington Post and lifted the online paywall for subscribers of a number of U.S. local newspapers including The Dallas Morning News, the Honolulu Star-Advertiser, and the Minneapolis Star-Tribune.[51] Bezos revealed in 2016 that he conducted no due diligence when accepting the first offer from former Washington Post owner Donald E. Graham.[52]
Other investments[edit]
Bezos was one of the first shareholders in Google, when he invested $250,000 in 1998. That $250,000 investment resulted in 3.3 million shares of Google stock worth about $3.1 billion today.[53][54]
He has also invested in Unity Biotechnology, a life-extension research firm hoping to slow or stop the process of aging.[55]
Bezos Expeditions[edit]
Companies that have been funded at least in part by Bezos Expeditions include (this list is incomplete):[56][57]


Airbnb – sharing economy
Aviary – software (photo editing)
Basecamp – software (project management)
Behance – self-promotion network
Blue Origin – space travel
Business Insider – publishing
Crowdrise – for-profit charitable giving platform
Domo – software (business intelligence)
D-Wave Systems – quantum computing
Everfi[58] – technology for education
Finsphere[59] – software (authentication)
General Assembly – technology education
General Fusion – sustainable energy (nuclear fusion)
Glassybaby – supports cancer patients
Google – google searcher
Juno Therapeutics – cancer biopharmaceuticals
Kongregate – online games
Linden Lab – online games (Second Life)
Lookout – technology (mobile security)
MakerBot Industries – 3D printers
MFG.com – manufacturer direct marketplace
Nextdoor – localized social networking
Pelago – online games
Powerset – natural-language search engine
Pro.com – home services marketplace
Qliance – health care
Rescale – cloud computing simulations
Rethink Robotics[60] – manufacturing robots
Sapphire Energy – sustainable energy (crude oil from algae)
Skytap – cloud computing
Stack Exchange – technology publishing
TeachStreet – search engine to find teachers
Twitter – social networking
Uber – sharing economy
Vessel – subscription video service
Vicarious – artificial intelligence
Workday – software for business
ZocDoc – software (healthcare appointments)


Philanthropy[edit]
In July 2012, Bezos and his wife personally donated $2.5 million to support a same-sex marriage referendum that successfully passed in Washington.[61]
Nonprofit projects funded by Bezos Expeditions include[citation needed]

Bezos Center for Innovation at the Seattle Museum of History and Industry – $10 million[62]
Recovery of two Saturn V first-stage Rocketdyne F-1 engines from the floor of the Atlantic Ocean.[63] They were positively identified as belonging to the Apollo 11 mission's S-1C stage in July 2013.[64]
Bezos Center for Neural Circuit Dynamics at Princeton Neuroscience Institute – $15 million[65]
Bezos Family Foundation, an educational charity.[66] The Foundation is reported being mainly funded by Jeff's parents from their holdings in Amazon as early investors in the enterprise.[67]

The foundation gave $10 million in 2009 and $20 million in 2010 to the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center.[68] Bezos also donated $800,000 to Worldreader, founded by a former Amazon employee.[69]
Recognition[edit]
He was named Time magazine's Person of the Year in 1999.[70] In 2008 he was selected by U.S. News & World Report as one of America's best leaders.[71] Bezos was awarded an honorary doctorate in Science and Technology from Carnegie Mellon University in 2008. In 2011, The Economist gave Bezos and Gregg Zehr an Innovation Award for the Amazon Kindle.[72]
In 2012, Bezos was named Businessperson of The Year by Fortune.[73] He is also a member of the Bilderberg Group and attended the 2011 Bilderberg conference in St. Moritz, Switzerland,[74] and the 2013 conference in Watford, Hertfordshire, England. He was a member of the Executive Committee of The Business Council for 2011 and 2012.[75]
According to Forbes, Bezos is listed in October 2016 as the third wealthiest person in the world, with an estimated net worth of US$72 billion.[76] In 2014, he was ranked the best CEO in the world by Harvard Business Review.[77]
He has also figured in Fortune's list of Fifty great leaders of the world for three straight years, topping the list in 2015.
In September 2016, Bezos was awarded the Heinlein Prize for Advances in Space Commercialization which earned him $250,000. The prize money was donated to the Students for the Exploration and Development of Space by Bezos.[78]
Criticism[edit]
Bezos was named World's Worst Boss by the International Trade Union Confederation (ITUC), at their World Congress, in May 2014. In making the award, Sharan Burrow, general secretary of the ITUC, said "Jeff Bezos represents the inhumanity of employers who are promoting the American corporate model..."[79] An article in The New York Times described working for Bezos and in the offices of Amazon as a grueling and inhumane experience, with many employees regularly being terminated or quitting.[80]
Under Bezos’s direction, Amazon has been criticized as "stingy" in its corporate giving practices.[69][81]
Journalist Shawn McCoy contrasted the philanthropic practices of Amazon and Bezos with the comparatively more generous Microsoft (also based near Seattle) and fellow billionaires Bill Gates[82] and Paul Allen (who in April 2017 personally donated 30 million dollars to help house homeless families in Seattle.[83]) Some found Bezos more akin to Steve Jobs, who was skeptical of philanthropy and made few donations.[84][85]
Personal life[edit]
Bezos and his wife MacKenzie have four children.[40][86] His biological father Ted Jorgensen tried in vain before his 2015 death to contact Jeff and to be acknowledged as his father.[87]
In 2016, Bezos played a Starfleet official in the movie Star Trek Beyond, later joining the cast and crew at a San Diego Comic-Con screening.[88]
Notes[edit]



^ Jacklyn Bezos was born as Jacklyn Gise, changed her name to Jorgensen when she married Ted, and to Bezos when she married Miguel.



References[edit]


^ https://www.forbes.com/profile/jeff-bezos/
^ Bayers, Chip. "The Inner Bezos". Wired. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ "Jeff Bezos Fast Facts". CNN. 2016. Retrieved March 7, 2017. 
^ "Jeff Bezos pronounces his name". The Washington Post. 2009. Retrieved August 17, 2013. 
^ "Jeff Bezos". insidephilanthropy.com. Retrieved April 16, 2017. 
^ "Jeff Bezos: Online Commerce Pioneer". TED. Retrieved August 5, 2013. 
^ Demery, Paul (January 14, 2013). "Bezos: 'I never expected this'". Internet Retailer. Retrieved August 5, 2013. 
^ "Public Cloud Computing Providers". Datamation. April 26, 2017. 
^ a b c Boyle, Alan (March 8, 2016). "Jeff Bezos lifts curtain on Blue Origin rocket factory, lays out grand plan for space travel that spans hundreds of years". GeekWire. Retrieved March 11, 2016. 
^ Farhi, Paul (August 5, 2013). "Washington Post to be sold to Jeff Bezos, the founder of Amazon". The Washington Post. Retrieved August 13, 2013. 
^ "Jeff Bezos". 
^ https://www.forbes.com/sites/noahkirsch/2017/06/16/jeff-bezos-worlds-second-richest-person-following-whole-foods-deal/
^ "Bloomberg Billionaires Index". bloomberg.com. Retrieved April 16, 2017. 
^ "Profile and Net Worth of Jeff Bezos". Forbes.com. Retrieved January 24, 2017. 
^ Robinson, Tom (2009). Jeff Bezos: Amazon.com Architect. ABDO. p. 14. ISBN 978-1-60453-759-8. 
^ Parkhurst, Emily (August 5, 2015). "Jeff Bezos just sold $534 million worth of Amazon stock". Puget Sound Business Journal. Retrieved August 5, 2015. 
^ "Biography and Video Interview of Jeff Bezos at Academy of Achievement". Achievement.org. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ Hof, Robert D. (December 14, 1998). "The torrent of energy behind Amazon". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. Archived from the original on November 17, 2014. Retrieved November 20, 2014. 
^ a b Martinez, Amy; Heim, Kristi (March 31, 2012). "Amazon a virtual no-show in hometown philanthropy". The Seattle Times. Retrieved April 1, 2012. 
^ "Biography and Video Interview of Jeff Bezos at Academy of Achievement". Achievement.org. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ "Miami-Dade Winners". Silver Knight Awards. Archived from the original on November 21, 2008. 
^ a b Martinez, Amy (March 31, 2012). "Amazon.com's Bezos invests in space travel, time". The Seattle Times. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ "Scholars You May Know". NationalMerit.org; retrieved December 16, 2014.
^ McCarthy, Jenna, "Jeff Bezos '86, MacKenzie Bezos '92 donate $15 million," The Daily Princetonian, December 13, 2011, accessed November 22, 2016 from http://www.dailyprincetonian.com/article/2011/12/jeff-bezos-86-mackenzie-bezos-92-donate-15-million
^ "Jeff Bezos Interview – page 6/6 – Academy of Achievement". Achievement.org. April 17, 2008. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ "Tau Beta Pi Leaders and Innovators". The Tau Beta Pi Association. 
^ Bayers, Chip (July 2003). "The Inner Bezos". Wired. 
^ Carlson, Nicholas (March 10, 2011). "The Life And Awesomeness Of Jeff Bezos". Business Insider. 
^ Brad Stone: The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon; Little Brown, October 2013.
^ a b "Top Executive Profiles – Jeffrey P. Bezos". Portfolio.com. Archived from the original on February 4, 2009. 
^ "Full memo: Jeff Bezos responds to brutal NYT story, says it doesn't represent the Amazon he leads - GeekWire". Retrieved August 18, 2015. 
^ Streitfeld, David; Kantor, Jodi (August 17, 2015). "Jeff Bezos Says Amazon Won't Tolerate 'Callous' Management Practices". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved August 18, 2015. 
^ "BEZOS JEFFREY P Insider Trading Transactions". InsiderMole.com. Retrieved July 14, 2016. 
^ http://www.davemanuel.com/net-worth/jeff-bezos/
^ "stock ownership". google.com. Retrieved June 19, 2017. 
^ Boyle, Alan (December 9, 2011). "Blue Origin Revealed". MSNBC. Archived from the original on December 23, 2009. 
^ a b c "Taking the long view: Jeff Bezos, the founder and chief executive of Amazon, owes much of his success to his ability to look beyond the short-term view of things". The Economist. March 3, 2012. Retrieved August 10, 2013. Mr Bezos's willingness to take a long-term view also explains his fascination with space travel, and his decision to found a secretive company called Blue Origin, one of several start-ups now building spacecraft with private funding. 
^ Mangalindan, Mylene (November 10, 2006). "Buzz in West Texas is about Jeff Bezos space craft launch site". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved May 28, 2008. 
^ Levy, Steven (November 13, 2011). "Jeff Bezos Owns the Web in More Ways Than You Think". Wired. Retrieved December 9, 2011. 
^ a b c Whoriskey, Peter (August 12, 2013). "For Jeff Bezos, a new frontier". The Washington Post. Retrieved February 20, 2014. 
^ Veverka, Mark (May 27, 2013). "Unplugged: Richard Branson's otherworldly space quest". USA Today. Retrieved May 28, 2013. 
^ Foust, Jeff (September 15, 2015). "Bezos Not Concerned About Competition, Possible ULA Sale". Space News. Retrieved September 16, 2015. 
^ Berger, Eric (March 10, 2016). "Jeff Bezos says he wants to fly into space "as soon as possible"". Ars Technica. Retrieved March 11, 2016. Bezos: I want to change the whole cost structure of accessing space. 
^ "Historic Rocket Landing (video clip)". Retrieved November 25, 2015. 
^ Foust, Jeff (March 8, 2016). "Blue Origin plans growth spurt this year". SpaceNews. Retrieved March 11, 2016. 
^ Graham, Chris (June 2, 2016). "Factories in space: Amazon founder Jeff Bezos unveils vision for the future". The Telegraph. www.telegraph.co.uk. Retrieved June 4, 2016. 
^ NatureWorldNews (September 27, 2016). "Jeff Bezos: Blue Origin Wants to Colonize the Solar System". Retrieved September 27, 2016. 
^ TheNewYorkTimes (April 5, 2017). "Jeff Bezos Says He Is Selling $1 Billion a Year in Amazon Stock to Finance Race to Space". Retrieved April 8, 2017. 
^ a b Farhi, Paul (August 6, 2013). "Washington Post to be sold to Jeff Bezos". The Washington Post. Retrieved August 5, 2013. 
^ Farhi, Paul (October 1, 2013). "The Washington Post closes sale to Amazon founder Jeff Bezos". The Washington Post.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Luckerson, Victor (March 19, 2014). "Jeff Bezos Makes His First Major Move at the Washington Post". Time. Retrieved February 20, 2016. 
^ "Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos signed the $250 million Washington Post deal with no due diligence". Business Insider. Retrieved March 25, 2016. 
^ Turo, Jay (2009). "The Story of Jeff Bezos' $250,000 Investment into Google in 1998". Growthink. Retrieved February 28, 2017. 
^ Swisher, Kara (2009). "New Yorker: Bezos' Initial Google Investment Was $250K in 1998 Because "I Just Fell in Love With Larry and Sergey"". All Things D. Retrieved February 28, 2017. 
^ Bloom, Ester (March 31, 2017). "Google's co-founders and other Silicon Valley billionaires are trying to live forever". CNBC. Retrieved June 29, 2017. 
^ [1] Archived June 5, 2015, at the Wayback Machine.
^ DEI Creative in Seattle, Washington. "Bezos Expeditions". bezosexpeditions.com. 
^ "EverFi – Critical Skills for Life". everfi.com. 
^ "Home". finsphere.com. Archived from the original on August 1, 2015. 
^ "Rethink Robotics – Advanced Robotics Technology – Collaborative Robots". Rethink Robotics. 
^ Shear, Micheal D. (July 27, 2012). "Amazon's Founder Pledges $2.5 Million in Support of Same Sex Marriage". The New York Times. 
^ "Jeff and MacKenzie Bezos Flip the Switch on New Bezos Center for Innovation at MOHAI, Kicking Off Saturday Launch Celebration". mohai.org. 
^ DEI Creative in Seattle, WA. "F-1 Engine Recovery – Bezos Expeditions". bezosexpeditions.com. 
^ Pearlman, Robert Z. (July 19, 2013). "Rocket Engine Part Recovered by Amazon CEO Has Apollo 11 History". Space.com. New York. Archived from the original on August 10, 2013. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ "Princeton University – Jeff and MacKenzie Bezos donate $15 million to create center in Princeton Neuroscience Institute". princeton.edu. 
^ "About Us". bezosfamilyfoundation.org. 
^ Metcalf, Tom; Coffey, Brendan (June 22, 2017). "Amazon’s Bezos Disrupts Another Frontier, With Just One Tweet". Bloomberg. Retrieved June 24, 2017. 
^ Soper, Taylor. "Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos and family donate $20M to Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center". GeekWire. 
^ a b "Jeff Bezos - Tech Philanthropists - Donors - Foundations - Inside Philanthropy". insidephilanthropy.com. 
^ Cooper Ramo, Joshua (December 27, 1999). "Jeffrey Preston Bezos: 1999 Person of the year". Time. 
^ LaGesse, David (November 19, 2008). "America's Best Leaders: Jeff Bezos, Amazon.com CEO". U.S. News & World Report. Retrieved November 25, 2008. 
^ "Charging ahead: e-book design and popularity win Kindle creators Innovation Award". The Economist. September 19, 2011. Archived from the original on April 14, 2012. 
^ "Amazon's Jeff Bezos: The ultimate disrupter". Fortune. Archived from the original on August 9, 2013. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ "Bilderberg 2011 list of participants". BilderbergMeetings.org. Archived from the original on August 28, 2011. Retrieved August 24, 2011. 
^ "Executive Committee". The Business Council. Archived from the original on July 21, 2013. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ "Jeff Bezos Real Time Net Worth". Forbes. June 2, 2016. Retrieved June 2, 2016. 
^ "The Best-Performing CEOs in the World". Harvard Business Review. Retrieved January 24, 2017. 
^ Davenport, Christian (September 15, 2016). "Jeff Bezos on nuclear reactors in space, the lack of bacon on Mars and humanity's destiny in the solar system". The Washington Post. Retrieved September 16, 2016. 
^ "Amazon's Jeff Bezos Wins ITUC's World's Worst Boss Poll". Ituc-csi.org. May 22, 2014. Retrieved October 27, 2015. 
^ "Inside Amazon: Wrestling Big Ideas in a Bruising Workplace". The New York Times. Retrieved October 27, 2015. 
^ "Five Rich Tech Titans And What They". Time. March 9, 2011. 
^ "Two tech titans. Two very different views of philanthropy. – InsideSources". InsideSources. 
^ http://www.king5.com/news/local/homeless/paul-allen-donates-30-million-to-permanent-housing-for-seattles-homeless/434327069
^ "Amazon a virtual no-show in hometown philanthropy". The Seattle Times. March 31, 2012. 
^ "Five Rich Tech Titans And What They". Time. March 9, 2011. 
^ "Jeff Bezos Fast Facts". CNN. March 24, 2016. 
^ "'I just want to see my son, I just want to shake his hand and have him acknowledge that I'm his father': Desperate plea of Amazon founder Jeff Bezos's ailing biological father". Daily Mail. January 16, 2014. 
^ "Amazon founder Jeff Bezos reveals Star Trek Beyond alien cameo". BBC. July 21, 2016. Retrieved February 22, 2017. 


Further reading[edit]

Inside the Mind of Jeff Bezos – Fastcompany.com (August 2004)
Internet billionaires face off in renewed Texas space race, Bownsville Herald, April 2015.

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Jeff Bezos.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Jeff Bezos



Jeff Bezos at Bloomberg L.P.
Jeff Bezos at TED 
Appearances on C-SPAN
Jeff Bezos on Charlie Rose
Jeff Bezos on IMDb
Works by or about Jeff Bezos in libraries (WorldCat catalog)
"Jeff Bezos collected news and commentary". The New York Times. 
Bezos Expeditions







v
t
e


Amazon.com



People





Current




Jeff Bezos
Tony Hsieh
Werner Vogels
Gregg Zehr






Former




Rick Dalzell
Brian McBride
Ram Shriram
Tom Szkutak
Brian Valentine
Christopher North








Facilities



Doppler
Day One





Products
and services





Websites




A9.com
AbeBooks
Alexa Internet
Amapedia
Askville
Book Depository
BookFinder
CDNow
China
Curse
Dash
Diapers.com
Digital Photography Review
Endless.com
Fresh
Goodreads
IMDb

Box Office Mojo
Withoutabox


Junglee.com
Local
Marketplace
Payments
PlanetAll
Shelfari
Twitch.tv
Wireless
Woot.com
Zappos
Souq.com






Web services




AMI
CloudFront
DynamoDB
EBS
EC2
MTurk
Product Advertising API
RDS
S3
SES
SimpleDB
SQS
VPC
Silk
Glacier
Storywriter






Digital




Alexa
Appstore
Audible Inc.
ComiXology
Amazon Drive
Echo
Video
Prime
Kindle
Kindle Fire
Fire HD
Fire HDX
Fire TV
Fire Phone
Kindle Store
Lexcycle
LoveFilm
Mobipocket
Music
Reflexive Entertainment
Fire OS
Amazon Digital Game Store






Technology




1-Click
Amazon Game Studios
Amazon Robotics
Carbonado
Dynamo
Graphiq
Gurupa
Lab126
Double Helix Games
Obidos
Liquavista






Publishing




Amazon Publishing
Amazon Studios
Breakthrough Novel Award
Best Books of the Year
Kindle Direct Publishing






Investments




43 Things
Amie Street (Songza)
LibraryThing
LivingSocial
Sellaband






Retail




Amazon Books
Amazon Go
Whole Foods Market (Pending)








Other



Amazon Light
Amazon Prime Air
ASIN
Controversies (tax)
Fishbowl
Locker
Perfect 10, Inc. v. Amazon.com, Inc.
Statistically improbable phrase
Vine
List of Amazon.com locations
List of mergers and acquisitions by Amazon.com
List of Amazon.com products and services












v
t
e


Blue Origin



Staff



Jeff Bezos (founder)
Jeffrey Ashby (chief of mission assurance)








Products




Rockets



Goddard
New Shepard
New Glenn





Rocket engines



BE-3
BE-4








Facilities



Seattle headquarters
West Texas test site
SLC-36 Florida





Related



ULA Vulcan












v
t
e


Time Persons of the Year (1976–2000)






Jimmy Carter (1976)
Anwar Sadat (1977)
Deng Xiaoping (1978)
Ayatollah Khomeini (1979)
Ronald Reagan (1980)
Lech Wałęsa (1981)
The Computer (1982)
Ronald Reagan / Yuri Andropov (1983)
Peter Ueberroth (1984)
Deng Xiaoping (1985)
Corazon Aquino (1986)
Mikhail Gorbachev (1987)
The Endangered Earth (1988)
Mikhail Gorbachev (1989)
George H. W. Bush (1990)
Ted Turner (1991)
Bill Clinton (1992)
The Peacemakers: Yitzhak Rabin / Nelson Mandela / F. W. de Klerk / Yasser Arafat (1993)
Pope John Paul II (1994)
Newt Gingrich (1995)
David Ho (1996)
Andrew Grove (1997)
Bill Clinton / Ken Starr (1998)
Jeffrey P. Bezos (1999)
George W. Bush (2000)








Complete roster
1927–1950
1951–1975
1976–2000
2001–present












v
t
e


The World's Billionaires – Top ten richest people in the world as of 20 April 2017






 Bill Gates ($86.0B, United States)
 Warren Buffett ($75.6B, United States)
 Jeff Bezos ($72.8B, United States)
 Amancio Ortega ($71.3B, Spain)
 Mark Zuckerberg ($56.0B, United States)
 Carlos Slim ($54.5B, Mexico)
 Larry Ellison ($52.2B, United States)
 Charles Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 David Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 Michael Bloomberg ($47.5B, United States)









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 1808007
LCCN: n99280137
ISNI: 0000 0001 0948 3211
GND: 122367227
SUDOC: 165841699
BNF: cb14409568k (data)
NDL: 001121324
NKC: xx0189631










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Jeff_Bezos&oldid=792143236"					
Categories: 1964 birthsLiving people21st-century American businesspeopleAmazon.com peopleAmerican adopteesAmerican billionairesAmerican chairmen of corporationsAmerican computer businesspeopleAmerican computer scientistsAmerican Internet company foundersAmerican investorsAmerican libertariansAmerican mass media ownersAmerican technology chief executivesAmerican technology company foundersAmerican people of Scandinavian descentBlue OriginOnline retailer foundersBusinesspeople from New MexicoFellows of the American Academy of Arts and SciencesBusinesspeople from Albuquerque, New MexicoPrinceton University alumniThe Washington Post publishersTau Beta PiPeople in the space industryPhi Beta Kappa membersLife extensionistsHidden categories: Pages using citations with accessdate and no URLWebarchive template wayback linksUse American English from March 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from July 2017Articles with hCardsArticles containing potentially dated statements from March 2015All articles containing potentially dated statementsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2017Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAzərbaycancaবাংলাBislamaCatalàČeštinaDeutschΕλληνικάEspañolفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어Հայերենहिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡKapampanganLatinaLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीമലയാളംBahasa Melayuမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSimple EnglishکوردیSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 18:47.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






















Jeff Bezos (@JeffBezos) | Twitter



























Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.




About






Search query



Search Twitter









Searches you follow






    Follow
  

    Following
  

    Unfollow
  






Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                











































      Jeff BezosVerified account



@JeffBezos












Tweets
Tweets, current page.
114
            



Followers
Followers
297K

 
 
More 













Unmute @JeffBezos

Mute @JeffBezos



Follow


    Following
  

    Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  






















Jeff BezosVerified account



@JeffBezos


Amazon, Blue Origin, Washington Post












Joined July 2008












                
                38 Photos and videos
            

            Photos and videos
          



















Tweets


Tweets
Tweets, current page.



                  Tweets & replies
                



                  Media
                





You blocked @JeffBezos
Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @JeffBezos
Yes, view profile






Close




            
            Jeff Bezos followed
        

























Jeff Bezos‏Verified account @JeffBezos

Jul 16






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Mike Collins cracking us all up last night.pic.twitter.com/bnpHp0ZCK4
















115 replies




100 retweets




769 likes








Reply


115







Retweet


100




Retweeted


100








Like


769





Liked


769










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Jeff Bezos‏Verified account @JeffBezos

Jul 16






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet






Jeff Bezos Retweeted Buzz Aldrin

Huge thanks from the whole @BlueOrigin team, Buzzhttps://twitter.com/TheRealBuzz/status/886778900193431552 …

Jeff Bezos added,

















Buzz AldrinVerified account @TheRealBuzz

Delighted to give the first annual Buzz Aldrin Space Innovation Award to @JeffBezos and @BlueOrigin pic.twitter.com/IUFMNNvQm1









53 replies




224 retweets




1,336 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Jeff Bezos‏Verified account @JeffBezos

Jul 10






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Going to Oshkosh? Come sit inside @BlueOrigin’s crew capsule and enjoy a simulated ride to space @EAA #OSH17 https://www.eaa.org/en/airventure/eaa-airventure-news-and-multimedia/eaa-airventure-news/eaa-airventure-oshkosh/07-10-2017-blue-origin-to-bring-reusable-rocket-and-crew-capsule-to-airventure-2017 …pic.twitter.com/EjUuY5bdw7
















142 replies




455 retweets




1,476 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Jeff Bezos‏Verified account @JeffBezos

Jul 5






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







This is a gigantic compliment to our teams. Best of luck Haggler in your continuing adventures. #CustomerObsessionhttps://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/22/insider/the-haggler-retires-but-reasons-to-be-an-irate-customer-never-end.html …









111 replies




214 retweets




864 likes








Reply


111







Retweet


214




Retweeted


214








Like


864





Liked


864










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Jeff Bezos‏Verified account @JeffBezos

Jun 25






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet






Jeff Bezos Retweeted PMO India

Terrific meeting with @narendramodi. Always impressed, energized by optimism and invention in India. Excited to keep investing and growing.https://twitter.com/PMOIndia/status/879008919816855552 …

Jeff Bezos added,

















PMO IndiaVerified account @PMOIndia

PM @narendramodi interacted with top Indian and American CEOs in Washington DC. pic.twitter.com/oK908BmZJC









304 replies




3,771 retweets




8,401 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Jeff Bezos‏Verified account @JeffBezos

Jun 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet






Jeff Bezos Retweeted Blue Origin

Amazing to share this moment with the @BlueOrigin team and my family.https://twitter.com/blueorigin/status/876803940330766336 …

Jeff Bezos added,

















Blue OriginVerified account @blueorigin

Celebrating our addition to an epic list of pioneers! @JeffBezos accepts the Collier Trophy for #NewShepard. The after-party: pic.twitter.com/UbvpwQAB3b









230 replies




172 retweets




987 likes








Reply


230







Retweet


172




Retweeted


172








Like


987





Liked


987










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Jeff Bezos‏Verified account @JeffBezos

Jun 18






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







And here’s me and my dad. I’m a very lucky son. I love you, Dad. #FathersDaypic.twitter.com/mEBsN88DLG
















181 replies




141 retweets




2,463 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Jeff Bezos‏Verified account @JeffBezos

Jun 18






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Flipping pancakes, Lego Saturn V, Wonder Woman matinee. Love being a dad. #FathersDaypic.twitter.com/L9Q7zW1p0A
















112 replies




190 retweets




2,539 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Jeff Bezos‏Verified account @JeffBezos

Jun 15






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Request for ideas…pic.twitter.com/j6D68mhseL
















45,737 replies




10,109 retweets




21,528 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Jeff Bezos‏Verified account @JeffBezos

Jun 14






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Rooftop #solar panels at our 1 million-square-foot fulfillment center in Baltimore now live. 50+ solar FCs will come online by 2020.pic.twitter.com/eUpoxZ0eTt



































242 replies




742 retweets




2,761 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Jeff Bezos‏Verified account @JeffBezos

Jun 12






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Congrats to Jeff on his long-term leadership. John, you have size 20 shoes to fill! GE remains an American gem. https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/ge-ceo-immelt-stepping-down-flannery-to-take-over-role/2017/06/12/13d2e08e-4f63-11e7-b74e-0d2785d3083d_story.html …





58 replies




202 retweets




824 likes








Reply


58







Retweet


202




Retweeted


202








Like


824





Liked


824










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Jeff Bezos‏Verified account @JeffBezos

May 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet






Jeff Bezos Retweeted The Museum of Flight

Super fun morning talking rockets with a very cool group of students. Great questions. Thx to all the students and to @museumofflight!https://twitter.com/museumofflight/status/865966078425350144 …

Jeff Bezos added,

















The Museum of Flight @museumofflight

Lots of excellent questions for Mr. Bezos from the students. #TMOFAPOLLO #jeffbezos pic.twitter.com/IvMGji04zL









123 replies




162 retweets




935 likes








Reply


123







Retweet


162




Retweeted


162








Like


935





Liked


935










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Jeff Bezos‏Verified account @JeffBezos

May 14






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







I won the lottery with my mom. Thanks for literally everything, Mom.pic.twitter.com/gEuVgxotdw
















212 replies




380 retweets




4,361 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Jeff Bezos‏Verified account @JeffBezos

May 4






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







First plant in the ground at #TheSpheres, 39,999 to go. Public tours start 2018.pic.twitter.com/6Jgo4cLb7o






























104 replies




620 retweets




2,054 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Jeff Bezos‏Verified account @JeffBezos

Apr 1






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet






Jeff Bezos Retweeted Buzz Aldrin

Thanks @TheRealBuzz! That cute little guy is the future!https://twitter.com/TheRealBuzz/status/846025808745545730 …

Jeff Bezos added,

















Buzz AldrinVerified account @TheRealBuzz

Hey @JeffBezos - my mascot Logan is holding both the past and the future in his hands. pic.twitter.com/QDmRnPUFEn









106 replies




110 retweets




724 likes








Reply


106







Retweet


110




Retweeted


110








Like


724





Liked


724










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Jeff Bezos‏Verified account @JeffBezos

Mar 30






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







My parents rock.http://www.geekwire.com/2017/bezos-family-makes-record-breaking-35m-donation-fred-hutch-fund-cancer-research/ …









170 replies




376 retweets




2,010 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Jeff Bezos‏Verified account @JeffBezos

Mar 29






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet






Jeff Bezos Retweeted NAA

Impossible to express how personally meaningful this is. A dream. Huge kudos to @BlueOrigin team that worked so hard https://naa.aero/userfiles/files/documents/Press%20Releases/Collier%20Trophy%202016.pdf …https://twitter.com/NatlAero/status/847178033425498112 …

Jeff Bezos added,

















NAA @NatlAero

NAA is proud to announce that Blue Origin New Shepard has been named as the recipient of the 2016 Collier Trophy pic.twitter.com/X3UlPD9kx6









85 replies




345 retweets




1,303 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Jeff Bezos‏Verified account @JeffBezos

Mar 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







I just got to pilot an awesome (and huge) robot thanks to Hankook Mirae Technology. Nice! #MARS2017pic.twitter.com/MvN6ghEYFi
















346 replies




2,354 retweets




5,173 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Jeff Bezos‏Verified account @JeffBezos

Mar 13






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Thanks LA Times for choosing WaPo's Arc Publishing for your digital platform, and kudos to tech team at The Post!http://wapo.st/latimes 









60 replies




155 retweets




396 likes








Reply


60







Retweet


155




Retweeted


155








Like


396





Liked


396










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Jeff Bezos‏Verified account @JeffBezos

Mar 10






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet






Jeff Bezos Retweeted The Seattle Times

OK. Definitely want to buy a bottle of this…https://twitter.com/seattletimes/status/838993874701987841 …

Jeff Bezos added,

















The Seattle TimesVerified account @seattletimes

Security guard works at Amazon as Amazon works to sell his BBQ sauce: http://st.news/2lVN8ee  pic.twitter.com/p9WLLxDoFj









62 replies




253 retweets




1,174 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo












          @JeffBezos hasn't Tweeted yet.
      
Back to top ↑












Loading seems to be taking a while.

      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.
    

















      New to Twitter?
    


    Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline!
  

Sign up




You may also like
    ·
    Refresh








false












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info




















Close




            
            Choose a trend location
          






















Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Searches you follow






    Follow
  

    Following
  

    Unfollow
  






Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user























需要安全验证






Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017





Jeff Bezos: The electricity metaphor for the web's future | TED Talk | TED.com


































































































You have JavaScript disabled
For the best experience, please turn JavaScript on.
Here's how






































				Jeff Bezos
			

The electricity metaphor for the web's future



					728,567
					 views

 • 17:11


•

						Subtitles in 22 languages
					







Up next


Details


Discussion






							Details
							About the talk








The dot-com boom and bust is often compared to the Gold Rush. But Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos says it’s more like the early days of the electric industry.


About the speaker





Jeff Bezos
·
Online commerce pioneer

As founder and CEO of Amazon.com, Jeff Bezos defined online shopping and rewrote the rules of commerce, ushering in a new era in business. Time magazine named him Man of the Year in 1999.


As founder and CEO of Amazon.com, Jeff Bezos defined online shopping and rewrote the rules of commerce, ushering in a new era in business. Time magazine named him Man of the Year in 1999.





















Jeff Bezos: What matters more than your talents | TED Talk | TED.com








































































You have JavaScript disabled
For the best experience, please turn JavaScript on.
Here's how

































				Jeff Bezos
			

What matters more than your talents



					653,358
					 views

 • 18:44







Up next


Details


Discussion






							Details
							About the talk








In this Princeton University graduation address, Amazon founder Jeff Bezos makes the case that our character is reflected not in the gifts we're endowed with at birth, but by the choices we make over the course of a lifetime.


About the speaker





Jeff Bezos
·
Online commerce pioneer

As founder and CEO of Amazon.com, Jeff Bezos defined online shopping and rewrote the rules of commerce, ushering in a new era in business. Time magazine named him Man of the Year in 1999.


As founder and CEO of Amazon.com, Jeff Bezos defined online shopping and rewrote the rules of commerce, ushering in a new era in business. Time magazine named him Man of the Year in 1999.





















Jeff Bezos - Wikipedia






















 






Jeff Bezos

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Jeff Bezos



Bezos in 2016



Born
Jeffrey Preston Jorgensen
(1964-01-12) January 12, 1964 (age 53)
Albuquerque, New Mexico, U.S.


Nationality
American


Alma mater
Princeton University


Occupation
Technology and retail entrepreneur and investor


Known for
Founding and leading Amazon.com


Net worth
US$87.2 billion (July 2017)[1]


Spouse(s)
MacKenzie Bezos (m. 1993)[2]


Children
4[3]


Parent(s)



Ted Jorgensen
Jacklyn Bezos[a]
Miguel Bezos (step-father)





Jeffrey Preston "Jeff" Bezos (/ˈbeɪzoʊs/;[4] née Jorgensen; born January 12, 1964) is an American technology and retail entrepreneur, investor, and philanthropist[5] who is best known as the founder, chairman, and chief executive officer of Amazon.com, the world's largest online shopping retailer.[6] The company began as an Internet merchant of books and expanded to a wide variety of products and services, most recently video streaming and audio streaming. Amazon.com is currently the world's largest Internet sales company on the World Wide Web,[7] as well as the world's largest provider of cloud infrastructure services, through its Amazon Web Services arm.[8]
Bezos's other diversified business interests include aerospace and newspapers. He is the founder and manufacturer of Blue Origin (founded in 2000) with test flights to space which started in 2015, and plans for commercial suborbital human spaceflight beginning in 2018.[9] In 2013, Bezos purchased The Washington Post newspaper.[10] A number of other business investments are managed through Bezos Expeditions.
With an estimated net worth of US$87.2 billion as of June 2017,[11] Bezos is currently the second-richest person in the world,[12] just behind fellow American Bill Gates in first place, and just ahead of Warren Buffett and Amancio Ortega in third and fourth place respectively.[13][14]



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Business career

2.1 Early career
2.2 Amazon.com
2.3 Blue Origin
2.4 The Washington Post
2.5 Other investments
2.6 Bezos Expeditions


3 Philanthropy
4 Recognition
5 Criticism
6 Personal life
7 Notes
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



Early life and education[edit]
Bezos was born in 1964 as Jeffrey Preston Jorgensen to Jacklyn (née Gise) and Ted Jorgensen in Albuquerque, New Mexico.[15] His maternal ancestors were settlers who lived in Texas, and over the generations acquired a 25,000-acre (101 km2 or 39 miles2) ranch near Cotulla. As of March 2015[update], Bezos was among the largest landholders in Texas.[16] Bezos's maternal grandfather was a regional director of the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission in Albuquerque. He retired early to the ranch, where Bezos spent many summers as a youth, working with him.[17] At an early age, he displayed mechanical aptitude—as a toddler, he dismantled his crib with a screwdriver.[18]
Bezos's mother Jacklyn was a teenager at the time of his birth. Her marriage to Jorgensen lasted a little more than a year. In April 1968 (when Jeff was 4), she married her second husband, Miguel Bezos, a Cuban who immigrated to the United States alone when he was 15 years old. His family was originally from Villafrechós, a little town in Valladolid (Spain). Miguel Bezos worked his way through the University of New Mexico and married Jacklyn, becoming Jeff Jorgensen's step-father, who had his surname changed to Bezos. After the wedding the family moved to Houston (Texas) and Miguel worked as an engineer for Exxon. The young Jeff attended River Oaks Elementary School in Houston from fourth to sixth grade. As a child, he spent summers working on his grandfather's ranch in southern Texas.[19]
Bezos often displayed scientific interests and technological proficiency; he once rigged an electric alarm to keep his younger siblings out of his room.[20] The family moved to Miami, Florida, where he attended Miami Palmetto High School. While in high school, he attended the Student Science Training Program at the University of Florida, receiving a Silver Knight Award in 1982.[21] He was high school valedictorian[22] and a National Merit Scholar.[23]
Bezos graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Princeton University with Bachelor of Science (B.S.) degrees in electrical engineering and computer science.[24] While at Princeton, he was also elected to Tau Beta Pi. He served as the president of the Princeton chapter of the Students for the Exploration and Development of Space.[25]
Business career[edit]
Early career[edit]
After graduating from Princeton in 1986, Bezos worked on Wall Street in the computer science field.[26] He then worked on building a network for international trade for a company known as Fitel.[27] He next worked at Bankers Trust.[28] Later on he also worked on Internet-enabled business opportunities at the hedge fund company D. E. Shaw & Co.[29]
Amazon.com[edit]
Main article: Amazon.com
Bezos founded Amazon.com in 1994 after making a cross-country drive from New York to Seattle, writing up the Amazon business plan on the way. He initially set up the company in his garage.[30] He had left his well-paying job at a New York City hedge fund after learning "about the rapid growth in Internet use," which coincided with a new U.S. Supreme Court ruling that exempted mail order companies from collecting sales taxes in states where they lack a physical presence."[19]
Bezos is known for his attention to business details. As described by Portfolio.com, he "is at once a happy-go-lucky mogul and a notorious micromanager. ... an executive who wants to know about everything from contract minutiae to how he is quoted in all Amazon press releases."[30]
On August 15, 2015, The New York Times wrote an article entitled "Inside Amazon: Wrestling Big Ideas in a Bruising Workplace" about Amazon's business practices. Bezos responded to his employees with a Sunday memo[31] claiming it did not represent the company he leads and challenged its depiction as "a soulless, dystopian workplace where no fun is had and no laughter heard",[32] and to contact him directly if true.
In May 2016, Bezos sold slightly more than one million shares of his holdings in the company for $671 million, making it the largest amount of money he had ever raised in a sale of his Amazon holdings.[33] On August 4, 2016, he sold another million of his shares at a value of $756.7 million. As of June 19, 2016, Bezos owned 83.9 million shares of Amazon stock,[34] being 16.9% of all shares outstanding, with a market value of $83.9 billion.[35]
Blue Origin[edit]
Main article: Blue Origin
In 2000, Bezos founded Blue Origin, a human spaceflight startup company,[36] partially as a result of his fascination with space travel,[37] including an early interest in developing "space hotels, amusement parks, colonies and small cities for 2 million or 3 million people orbiting the Earth."[22] The company was kept secret for a few years; it became publicly known only in 2006 when it purchased a sizable aggregation of land in west Texas for a launch and test facility.[38] In a 2011 interview, Bezos indicated that he founded the space company to help enable "anybody to go into space" and stated that the company was committed to decreasing the cost and increasing the safety of spaceflight.[39] "Blue Origin is one of several start-ups aiming to open up space travel to paying customers. Like Amazon, the company is secretive, but [in September 2011] revealed that it had lost an unmanned prototype vehicle during a short-hop test flight. Although this was a setback, the announcement of the loss revealed for the first time just how far Blue Origin's team had advanced."[37] Bezos said that the crash was 'not the outcome that any of us wanted, but we're signed up for this to be hard.'"[37] A profile published in 2013 described a 1982 Miami Herald interview he gave after he was named high school class valedictorian. The 18-year-old Bezos "said he wanted to build space hotels, amusement parks and colonies for 2 million or 3 million people who would be in orbit. 'The whole idea is to preserve the earth' he told the newspaper .... The goal was to be able to evacuate humans. The planet would become a park."[40]
In 2013, Bezos reportedly discussed commercial spaceflight opportunities and strategies with Richard Branson, multibillionaire founder of Virgin Group and chairman of Virgin Galactic.[41]
In 2015, Bezos further discussed the motivation for his spaceflight-related business when he announced a new orbital launch vehicle under development for late-2010s first flight. He indicated that his ambitions in space are not location dependent—Mars, Lunar, asteroidal, etc.—"we want to go everywhere, [requiring significantly lower launch costs.] Our number-one opponent is gravity. ... The vision for Blue is pretty simple. We want to see millions of people living and working in space. That's going to take a long time. I think it's a worthwhile goal."[42] In 2016, Bezos opened up the Blue rocket design and manufacturing facility to journalists for the first time, and gave extensive interviews that included an articulation of his vision for space and for Blue Origin. Bezos sees space as being "chock full of resources" and foresees a "Great Inversion" where there will emerge "space commercialization that stretches out for hundreds of years, leading to an era when millions of people would be living and working in space." He sees both energy and heavy manufacturing occurring in space, having the effect of reduced pollution on Earth, in effect reducing the probability that something "bad happens to the Earth."[9] Bezos has said that he is trying to change the fundamental cost structure of accessing space.[43]
On November 23, 2015, Blue Origin's New Shepard space vehicle successfully flew to space, reaching its planned test altitude of 329,839 feet (100.5 kilometers) before executing a vertical landing back at the launch site in West Texas.[44] Blue Origin is in an extensive flight test program of New Shepard which expects to begin carrying "test passengers" in 2017 and initiate commercial flights in 2018.[9] Blue is currently building six of the vehicles to support all phases of testing and operations: no-passenger test flights, flights with test passengers, and commercial-passenger weekly operations.[45]
In June 2016, Bezos reiterated his long term goal to see nearly all heavy-industry manufacturing factories in space as part of a wide-ranging, but rare, interview.[46] In September 2016, he added that he hoped to colonize the solar system.[47] Recently, Bezos also revealed that he was selling about $1 billion in Amazon stock a year to finance his Blue Origin rocket company.[48]
The Washington Post[edit]
On August 5, 2013, Bezos announced his purchase of The Washington Post for $250 million in cash. Amazon.com was not to be involved.[49] "This is uncharted terrain," he told the newspaper, "and it will require experimentation."[49] Shortly after the announcement of intent to purchase, The Washington Post published a long-form profile of Bezos on August 10, 2013.[40] The sale closed on October 1, 2013, and Bezos's Nash Holdings LLC took control.[50]
In March 2014, Bezos made his first significant change at The Washington Post and lifted the online paywall for subscribers of a number of U.S. local newspapers including The Dallas Morning News, the Honolulu Star-Advertiser, and the Minneapolis Star-Tribune.[51] Bezos revealed in 2016 that he conducted no due diligence when accepting the first offer from former Washington Post owner Donald E. Graham.[52]
Other investments[edit]
Bezos was one of the first shareholders in Google, when he invested $250,000 in 1998. That $250,000 investment resulted in 3.3 million shares of Google stock worth about $3.1 billion today.[53][54]
He has also invested in Unity Biotechnology, a life-extension research firm hoping to slow or stop the process of aging.[55]
Bezos Expeditions[edit]
Companies that have been funded at least in part by Bezos Expeditions include (this list is incomplete):[56][57]


Airbnb – sharing economy
Aviary – software (photo editing)
Basecamp – software (project management)
Behance – self-promotion network
Blue Origin – space travel
Business Insider – publishing
Crowdrise – for-profit charitable giving platform
Domo – software (business intelligence)
D-Wave Systems – quantum computing
Everfi[58] – technology for education
Finsphere[59] – software (authentication)
General Assembly – technology education
General Fusion – sustainable energy (nuclear fusion)
Glassybaby – supports cancer patients
Google – google searcher
Juno Therapeutics – cancer biopharmaceuticals
Kongregate – online games
Linden Lab – online games (Second Life)
Lookout – technology (mobile security)
MakerBot Industries – 3D printers
MFG.com – manufacturer direct marketplace
Nextdoor – localized social networking
Pelago – online games
Powerset – natural-language search engine
Pro.com – home services marketplace
Qliance – health care
Rescale – cloud computing simulations
Rethink Robotics[60] – manufacturing robots
Sapphire Energy – sustainable energy (crude oil from algae)
Skytap – cloud computing
Stack Exchange – technology publishing
TeachStreet – search engine to find teachers
Twitter – social networking
Uber – sharing economy
Vessel – subscription video service
Vicarious – artificial intelligence
Workday – software for business
ZocDoc – software (healthcare appointments)


Philanthropy[edit]
In July 2012, Bezos and his wife personally donated $2.5 million to support a same-sex marriage referendum that successfully passed in Washington.[61]
Nonprofit projects funded by Bezos Expeditions include[citation needed]

Bezos Center for Innovation at the Seattle Museum of History and Industry – $10 million[62]
Recovery of two Saturn V first-stage Rocketdyne F-1 engines from the floor of the Atlantic Ocean.[63] They were positively identified as belonging to the Apollo 11 mission's S-1C stage in July 2013.[64]
Bezos Center for Neural Circuit Dynamics at Princeton Neuroscience Institute – $15 million[65]
Bezos Family Foundation, an educational charity.[66] The Foundation is reported being mainly funded by Jeff's parents from their holdings in Amazon as early investors in the enterprise.[67]

The foundation gave $10 million in 2009 and $20 million in 2010 to the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center.[68] Bezos also donated $800,000 to Worldreader, founded by a former Amazon employee.[69]
Recognition[edit]
He was named Time magazine's Person of the Year in 1999.[70] In 2008 he was selected by U.S. News & World Report as one of America's best leaders.[71] Bezos was awarded an honorary doctorate in Science and Technology from Carnegie Mellon University in 2008. In 2011, The Economist gave Bezos and Gregg Zehr an Innovation Award for the Amazon Kindle.[72]
In 2012, Bezos was named Businessperson of The Year by Fortune.[73] He is also a member of the Bilderberg Group and attended the 2011 Bilderberg conference in St. Moritz, Switzerland,[74] and the 2013 conference in Watford, Hertfordshire, England. He was a member of the Executive Committee of The Business Council for 2011 and 2012.[75]
According to Forbes, Bezos is listed in October 2016 as the third wealthiest person in the world, with an estimated net worth of US$72 billion.[76] In 2014, he was ranked the best CEO in the world by Harvard Business Review.[77]
He has also figured in Fortune's list of Fifty great leaders of the world for three straight years, topping the list in 2015.
In September 2016, Bezos was awarded the Heinlein Prize for Advances in Space Commercialization which earned him $250,000. The prize money was donated to the Students for the Exploration and Development of Space by Bezos.[78]
Criticism[edit]
Bezos was named World's Worst Boss by the International Trade Union Confederation (ITUC), at their World Congress, in May 2014. In making the award, Sharan Burrow, general secretary of the ITUC, said "Jeff Bezos represents the inhumanity of employers who are promoting the American corporate model..."[79] An article in The New York Times described working for Bezos and in the offices of Amazon as a grueling and inhumane experience, with many employees regularly being terminated or quitting.[80]
Under Bezos’s direction, Amazon has been criticized as "stingy" in its corporate giving practices.[69][81]
Journalist Shawn McCoy contrasted the philanthropic practices of Amazon and Bezos with the comparatively more generous Microsoft (also based near Seattle) and fellow billionaires Bill Gates[82] and Paul Allen (who in April 2017 personally donated 30 million dollars to help house homeless families in Seattle.[83]) Some found Bezos more akin to Steve Jobs, who was skeptical of philanthropy and made few donations.[84][85]
Personal life[edit]
Bezos and his wife MacKenzie have four children.[40][86] His biological father Ted Jorgensen tried in vain before his 2015 death to contact Jeff and to be acknowledged as his father.[87]
In 2016, Bezos played a Starfleet official in the movie Star Trek Beyond, later joining the cast and crew at a San Diego Comic-Con screening.[88]
Notes[edit]



^ Jacklyn Bezos was born as Jacklyn Gise, changed her name to Jorgensen when she married Ted, and to Bezos when she married Miguel.



References[edit]


^ https://www.forbes.com/profile/jeff-bezos/
^ Bayers, Chip. "The Inner Bezos". Wired. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ "Jeff Bezos Fast Facts". CNN. 2016. Retrieved March 7, 2017. 
^ "Jeff Bezos pronounces his name". The Washington Post. 2009. Retrieved August 17, 2013. 
^ "Jeff Bezos". insidephilanthropy.com. Retrieved April 16, 2017. 
^ "Jeff Bezos: Online Commerce Pioneer". TED. Retrieved August 5, 2013. 
^ Demery, Paul (January 14, 2013). "Bezos: 'I never expected this'". Internet Retailer. Retrieved August 5, 2013. 
^ "Public Cloud Computing Providers". Datamation. April 26, 2017. 
^ a b c Boyle, Alan (March 8, 2016). "Jeff Bezos lifts curtain on Blue Origin rocket factory, lays out grand plan for space travel that spans hundreds of years". GeekWire. Retrieved March 11, 2016. 
^ Farhi, Paul (August 5, 2013). "Washington Post to be sold to Jeff Bezos, the founder of Amazon". The Washington Post. Retrieved August 13, 2013. 
^ "Jeff Bezos". 
^ https://www.forbes.com/sites/noahkirsch/2017/06/16/jeff-bezos-worlds-second-richest-person-following-whole-foods-deal/
^ "Bloomberg Billionaires Index". bloomberg.com. Retrieved April 16, 2017. 
^ "Profile and Net Worth of Jeff Bezos". Forbes.com. Retrieved January 24, 2017. 
^ Robinson, Tom (2009). Jeff Bezos: Amazon.com Architect. ABDO. p. 14. ISBN 978-1-60453-759-8. 
^ Parkhurst, Emily (August 5, 2015). "Jeff Bezos just sold $534 million worth of Amazon stock". Puget Sound Business Journal. Retrieved August 5, 2015. 
^ "Biography and Video Interview of Jeff Bezos at Academy of Achievement". Achievement.org. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ Hof, Robert D. (December 14, 1998). "The torrent of energy behind Amazon". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. Archived from the original on November 17, 2014. Retrieved November 20, 2014. 
^ a b Martinez, Amy; Heim, Kristi (March 31, 2012). "Amazon a virtual no-show in hometown philanthropy". The Seattle Times. Retrieved April 1, 2012. 
^ "Biography and Video Interview of Jeff Bezos at Academy of Achievement". Achievement.org. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ "Miami-Dade Winners". Silver Knight Awards. Archived from the original on November 21, 2008. 
^ a b Martinez, Amy (March 31, 2012). "Amazon.com's Bezos invests in space travel, time". The Seattle Times. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ "Scholars You May Know". NationalMerit.org; retrieved December 16, 2014.
^ McCarthy, Jenna, "Jeff Bezos '86, MacKenzie Bezos '92 donate $15 million," The Daily Princetonian, December 13, 2011, accessed November 22, 2016 from http://www.dailyprincetonian.com/article/2011/12/jeff-bezos-86-mackenzie-bezos-92-donate-15-million
^ "Jeff Bezos Interview – page 6/6 – Academy of Achievement". Achievement.org. April 17, 2008. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ "Tau Beta Pi Leaders and Innovators". The Tau Beta Pi Association. 
^ Bayers, Chip (July 2003). "The Inner Bezos". Wired. 
^ Carlson, Nicholas (March 10, 2011). "The Life And Awesomeness Of Jeff Bezos". Business Insider. 
^ Brad Stone: The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon; Little Brown, October 2013.
^ a b "Top Executive Profiles – Jeffrey P. Bezos". Portfolio.com. Archived from the original on February 4, 2009. 
^ "Full memo: Jeff Bezos responds to brutal NYT story, says it doesn't represent the Amazon he leads - GeekWire". Retrieved August 18, 2015. 
^ Streitfeld, David; Kantor, Jodi (August 17, 2015). "Jeff Bezos Says Amazon Won't Tolerate 'Callous' Management Practices". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved August 18, 2015. 
^ "BEZOS JEFFREY P Insider Trading Transactions". InsiderMole.com. Retrieved July 14, 2016. 
^ http://www.davemanuel.com/net-worth/jeff-bezos/
^ "stock ownership". google.com. Retrieved June 19, 2017. 
^ Boyle, Alan (December 9, 2011). "Blue Origin Revealed". MSNBC. Archived from the original on December 23, 2009. 
^ a b c "Taking the long view: Jeff Bezos, the founder and chief executive of Amazon, owes much of his success to his ability to look beyond the short-term view of things". The Economist. March 3, 2012. Retrieved August 10, 2013. Mr Bezos's willingness to take a long-term view also explains his fascination with space travel, and his decision to found a secretive company called Blue Origin, one of several start-ups now building spacecraft with private funding. 
^ Mangalindan, Mylene (November 10, 2006). "Buzz in West Texas is about Jeff Bezos space craft launch site". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved May 28, 2008. 
^ Levy, Steven (November 13, 2011). "Jeff Bezos Owns the Web in More Ways Than You Think". Wired. Retrieved December 9, 2011. 
^ a b c Whoriskey, Peter (August 12, 2013). "For Jeff Bezos, a new frontier". The Washington Post. Retrieved February 20, 2014. 
^ Veverka, Mark (May 27, 2013). "Unplugged: Richard Branson's otherworldly space quest". USA Today. Retrieved May 28, 2013. 
^ Foust, Jeff (September 15, 2015). "Bezos Not Concerned About Competition, Possible ULA Sale". Space News. Retrieved September 16, 2015. 
^ Berger, Eric (March 10, 2016). "Jeff Bezos says he wants to fly into space "as soon as possible"". Ars Technica. Retrieved March 11, 2016. Bezos: I want to change the whole cost structure of accessing space. 
^ "Historic Rocket Landing (video clip)". Retrieved November 25, 2015. 
^ Foust, Jeff (March 8, 2016). "Blue Origin plans growth spurt this year". SpaceNews. Retrieved March 11, 2016. 
^ Graham, Chris (June 2, 2016). "Factories in space: Amazon founder Jeff Bezos unveils vision for the future". The Telegraph. www.telegraph.co.uk. Retrieved June 4, 2016. 
^ NatureWorldNews (September 27, 2016). "Jeff Bezos: Blue Origin Wants to Colonize the Solar System". Retrieved September 27, 2016. 
^ TheNewYorkTimes (April 5, 2017). "Jeff Bezos Says He Is Selling $1 Billion a Year in Amazon Stock to Finance Race to Space". Retrieved April 8, 2017. 
^ a b Farhi, Paul (August 6, 2013). "Washington Post to be sold to Jeff Bezos". The Washington Post. Retrieved August 5, 2013. 
^ Farhi, Paul (October 1, 2013). "The Washington Post closes sale to Amazon founder Jeff Bezos". The Washington Post.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Luckerson, Victor (March 19, 2014). "Jeff Bezos Makes His First Major Move at the Washington Post". Time. Retrieved February 20, 2016. 
^ "Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos signed the $250 million Washington Post deal with no due diligence". Business Insider. Retrieved March 25, 2016. 
^ Turo, Jay (2009). "The Story of Jeff Bezos' $250,000 Investment into Google in 1998". Growthink. Retrieved February 28, 2017. 
^ Swisher, Kara (2009). "New Yorker: Bezos' Initial Google Investment Was $250K in 1998 Because "I Just Fell in Love With Larry and Sergey"". All Things D. Retrieved February 28, 2017. 
^ Bloom, Ester (March 31, 2017). "Google's co-founders and other Silicon Valley billionaires are trying to live forever". CNBC. Retrieved June 29, 2017. 
^ [1] Archived June 5, 2015, at the Wayback Machine.
^ DEI Creative in Seattle, Washington. "Bezos Expeditions". bezosexpeditions.com. 
^ "EverFi – Critical Skills for Life". everfi.com. 
^ "Home". finsphere.com. Archived from the original on August 1, 2015. 
^ "Rethink Robotics – Advanced Robotics Technology – Collaborative Robots". Rethink Robotics. 
^ Shear, Micheal D. (July 27, 2012). "Amazon's Founder Pledges $2.5 Million in Support of Same Sex Marriage". The New York Times. 
^ "Jeff and MacKenzie Bezos Flip the Switch on New Bezos Center for Innovation at MOHAI, Kicking Off Saturday Launch Celebration". mohai.org. 
^ DEI Creative in Seattle, WA. "F-1 Engine Recovery – Bezos Expeditions". bezosexpeditions.com. 
^ Pearlman, Robert Z. (July 19, 2013). "Rocket Engine Part Recovered by Amazon CEO Has Apollo 11 History". Space.com. New York. Archived from the original on August 10, 2013. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ "Princeton University – Jeff and MacKenzie Bezos donate $15 million to create center in Princeton Neuroscience Institute". princeton.edu. 
^ "About Us". bezosfamilyfoundation.org. 
^ Metcalf, Tom; Coffey, Brendan (June 22, 2017). "Amazon’s Bezos Disrupts Another Frontier, With Just One Tweet". Bloomberg. Retrieved June 24, 2017. 
^ Soper, Taylor. "Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos and family donate $20M to Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center". GeekWire. 
^ a b "Jeff Bezos - Tech Philanthropists - Donors - Foundations - Inside Philanthropy". insidephilanthropy.com. 
^ Cooper Ramo, Joshua (December 27, 1999). "Jeffrey Preston Bezos: 1999 Person of the year". Time. 
^ LaGesse, David (November 19, 2008). "America's Best Leaders: Jeff Bezos, Amazon.com CEO". U.S. News & World Report. Retrieved November 25, 2008. 
^ "Charging ahead: e-book design and popularity win Kindle creators Innovation Award". The Economist. September 19, 2011. Archived from the original on April 14, 2012. 
^ "Amazon's Jeff Bezos: The ultimate disrupter". Fortune. Archived from the original on August 9, 2013. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ "Bilderberg 2011 list of participants". BilderbergMeetings.org. Archived from the original on August 28, 2011. Retrieved August 24, 2011. 
^ "Executive Committee". The Business Council. Archived from the original on July 21, 2013. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ "Jeff Bezos Real Time Net Worth". Forbes. June 2, 2016. Retrieved June 2, 2016. 
^ "The Best-Performing CEOs in the World". Harvard Business Review. Retrieved January 24, 2017. 
^ Davenport, Christian (September 15, 2016). "Jeff Bezos on nuclear reactors in space, the lack of bacon on Mars and humanity's destiny in the solar system". The Washington Post. Retrieved September 16, 2016. 
^ "Amazon's Jeff Bezos Wins ITUC's World's Worst Boss Poll". Ituc-csi.org. May 22, 2014. Retrieved October 27, 2015. 
^ "Inside Amazon: Wrestling Big Ideas in a Bruising Workplace". The New York Times. Retrieved October 27, 2015. 
^ "Five Rich Tech Titans And What They". Time. March 9, 2011. 
^ "Two tech titans. Two very different views of philanthropy. – InsideSources". InsideSources. 
^ http://www.king5.com/news/local/homeless/paul-allen-donates-30-million-to-permanent-housing-for-seattles-homeless/434327069
^ "Amazon a virtual no-show in hometown philanthropy". The Seattle Times. March 31, 2012. 
^ "Five Rich Tech Titans And What They". Time. March 9, 2011. 
^ "Jeff Bezos Fast Facts". CNN. March 24, 2016. 
^ "'I just want to see my son, I just want to shake his hand and have him acknowledge that I'm his father': Desperate plea of Amazon founder Jeff Bezos's ailing biological father". Daily Mail. January 16, 2014. 
^ "Amazon founder Jeff Bezos reveals Star Trek Beyond alien cameo". BBC. July 21, 2016. Retrieved February 22, 2017. 


Further reading[edit]

Inside the Mind of Jeff Bezos – Fastcompany.com (August 2004)
Internet billionaires face off in renewed Texas space race, Bownsville Herald, April 2015.

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Jeff Bezos.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Jeff Bezos



Jeff Bezos at Bloomberg L.P.
Jeff Bezos at TED 
Appearances on C-SPAN
Jeff Bezos on Charlie Rose
Jeff Bezos on IMDb
Works by or about Jeff Bezos in libraries (WorldCat catalog)
"Jeff Bezos collected news and commentary". The New York Times. 
Bezos Expeditions







v
t
e


Amazon.com



People





Current




Jeff Bezos
Tony Hsieh
Werner Vogels
Gregg Zehr






Former




Rick Dalzell
Brian McBride
Ram Shriram
Tom Szkutak
Brian Valentine
Christopher North








Facilities



Doppler
Day One





Products
and services





Websites




A9.com
AbeBooks
Alexa Internet
Amapedia
Askville
Book Depository
BookFinder
CDNow
China
Curse
Dash
Diapers.com
Digital Photography Review
Endless.com
Fresh
Goodreads
IMDb

Box Office Mojo
Withoutabox


Junglee.com
Local
Marketplace
Payments
PlanetAll
Shelfari
Twitch.tv
Wireless
Woot.com
Zappos
Souq.com






Web services




AMI
CloudFront
DynamoDB
EBS
EC2
MTurk
Product Advertising API
RDS
S3
SES
SimpleDB
SQS
VPC
Silk
Glacier
Storywriter






Digital




Alexa
Appstore
Audible Inc.
ComiXology
Amazon Drive
Echo
Video
Prime
Kindle
Kindle Fire
Fire HD
Fire HDX
Fire TV
Fire Phone
Kindle Store
Lexcycle
LoveFilm
Mobipocket
Music
Reflexive Entertainment
Fire OS
Amazon Digital Game Store






Technology




1-Click
Amazon Game Studios
Amazon Robotics
Carbonado
Dynamo
Graphiq
Gurupa
Lab126
Double Helix Games
Obidos
Liquavista






Publishing




Amazon Publishing
Amazon Studios
Breakthrough Novel Award
Best Books of the Year
Kindle Direct Publishing






Investments




43 Things
Amie Street (Songza)
LibraryThing
LivingSocial
Sellaband






Retail




Amazon Books
Amazon Go
Whole Foods Market (Pending)








Other



Amazon Light
Amazon Prime Air
ASIN
Controversies (tax)
Fishbowl
Locker
Perfect 10, Inc. v. Amazon.com, Inc.
Statistically improbable phrase
Vine
List of Amazon.com locations
List of mergers and acquisitions by Amazon.com
List of Amazon.com products and services












v
t
e


Blue Origin



Staff



Jeff Bezos (founder)
Jeffrey Ashby (chief of mission assurance)








Products




Rockets



Goddard
New Shepard
New Glenn





Rocket engines



BE-3
BE-4








Facilities



Seattle headquarters
West Texas test site
SLC-36 Florida





Related



ULA Vulcan












v
t
e


Time Persons of the Year (1976–2000)






Jimmy Carter (1976)
Anwar Sadat (1977)
Deng Xiaoping (1978)
Ayatollah Khomeini (1979)
Ronald Reagan (1980)
Lech Wałęsa (1981)
The Computer (1982)
Ronald Reagan / Yuri Andropov (1983)
Peter Ueberroth (1984)
Deng Xiaoping (1985)
Corazon Aquino (1986)
Mikhail Gorbachev (1987)
The Endangered Earth (1988)
Mikhail Gorbachev (1989)
George H. W. Bush (1990)
Ted Turner (1991)
Bill Clinton (1992)
The Peacemakers: Yitzhak Rabin / Nelson Mandela / F. W. de Klerk / Yasser Arafat (1993)
Pope John Paul II (1994)
Newt Gingrich (1995)
David Ho (1996)
Andrew Grove (1997)
Bill Clinton / Ken Starr (1998)
Jeffrey P. Bezos (1999)
George W. Bush (2000)








Complete roster
1927–1950
1951–1975
1976–2000
2001–present












v
t
e


The World's Billionaires – Top ten richest people in the world as of 20 April 2017






 Bill Gates ($86.0B, United States)
 Warren Buffett ($75.6B, United States)
 Jeff Bezos ($72.8B, United States)
 Amancio Ortega ($71.3B, Spain)
 Mark Zuckerberg ($56.0B, United States)
 Carlos Slim ($54.5B, Mexico)
 Larry Ellison ($52.2B, United States)
 Charles Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 David Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 Michael Bloomberg ($47.5B, United States)









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 1808007
LCCN: n99280137
ISNI: 0000 0001 0948 3211
GND: 122367227
SUDOC: 165841699
BNF: cb14409568k (data)
NDL: 001121324
NKC: xx0189631










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Jeff_Bezos&oldid=792143236"					
Categories: 1964 birthsLiving people21st-century American businesspeopleAmazon.com peopleAmerican adopteesAmerican billionairesAmerican chairmen of corporationsAmerican computer businesspeopleAmerican computer scientistsAmerican Internet company foundersAmerican investorsAmerican libertariansAmerican mass media ownersAmerican technology chief executivesAmerican technology company foundersAmerican people of Scandinavian descentBlue OriginOnline retailer foundersBusinesspeople from New MexicoFellows of the American Academy of Arts and SciencesBusinesspeople from Albuquerque, New MexicoPrinceton University alumniThe Washington Post publishersTau Beta PiPeople in the space industryPhi Beta Kappa membersLife extensionistsHidden categories: Pages using citations with accessdate and no URLWebarchive template wayback linksUse American English from March 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from July 2017Articles with hCardsArticles containing potentially dated statements from March 2015All articles containing potentially dated statementsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2017Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAzərbaycancaবাংলাBislamaCatalàČeštinaDeutschΕλληνικάEspañolفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어Հայերենहिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡKapampanganLatinaLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीമലയാളംBahasa Melayuမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSimple EnglishکوردیSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 18:47.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 
















Jeff Bezos - IMDb












































































 
    










 
IMDb




More





All
Titles
TV Episodes
Names
Companies
Keywords
Characters
Quotes
Bios
Plots










Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes




MOVIES

In Theaters
Showtimes & Tickets
Latest Trailers
Coming Soon
Release Calendar
Top Rated Movies
Top Rated Indian Movies
Most Popular Movies

CHARTS & TRENDS

Box Office
Oscar Winners
Most Popular by Genre



TV & VIDEO

IMDb TV
On Tonight
Top Rated TV Shows
Most Popular TV Shows
Watch Now on Amazon
DVD & Blu-Ray

SPECIAL FEATURES

Amazon Originals
Streaming
Comic-Con
IMDb Picks
Superheroes







Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos




CELEBS

Born Today
Celebrity News
Most Popular Celebs

PHOTOS

Latest Stills
Latest Posters
Photos We Love



EVENTS

Awards Central
Oscars
Golden Globes
Sundance
Cannes
Comic-Con
Emmy Awards
Venice Film Festival
Toronto Film Festival
Festival Central
Tribeca
All Events







News &
Community





LATEST HEADLINES


 New James Bond Movie Set for 2019 Release, No Word on Daniel Craig

33 minutes ago


 ABC Sets Fall Premiere Dates for Marvel’s ‘Inhumans,’ Daveed Diggs’ ‘The Mayor’

1 hours ago


 ‘Justice League’ Extensive Reshoots Causing Headaches for Star Schedules (Exclusive)

3 hours ago





NEWS

Top News
Movie News
TV News
Celebrity News
Indie News

COMMUNITY

Contributor Zone
Polls







Watchlist




            YOUR WATCHLIST
    













 
 


 



The leading information resource for the entertainment industry
Find industry contacts & talent representation
Manage your photos, credits, & more
Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
Go to IMDbPro


|

Help


 

 

 










Sign in with Facebook
Other Sign in options










 








 














 







STARmeter
SEE RANK


Up
4,464
this week


View rank on IMDbPro
»



 Jeff Bezos


 
Actor





Jeff Bezos was born on January 12, 1964 in Albuquerque, New Mexico, USA as Jeffrey Preston Bezos. He is an actor, known for TED: The Future We Will Create (2007), Star Trek Beyond (2016) and 60 Minutes (1968).            
See full bio »
            
 


Born:

January 12, 
     
1964

            in
            Albuquerque, New Mexico, USA





More at IMDbPro »
 Contact Info:
 View company













 


33 photos
|
271 news articles »                
















 
    


ad feedback




Quick Links

 


Biography




Awards




Photo Gallery




 


Filmography (by Job)




Trailers and Videos







Filmography



by Year




by Job




by Ratings




by Votes




by Genre




by Keyword



Personal Details



Biography




Other Works




Publicity Listings




Official Sites




Contact Info (IMDbPro)



Did You Know?



Personal Quotes




Trivia 




Trademark



Photo & Video



Photo Gallery




Trailers and Videos



Opinion



Awards



Related Items



Credited With




NewsDesk




External Sites



Professional Services



Promote yourself with a resume




Add or change photos




Get more at IMDbPro





Explore More
Show Less






   Meet New "Stranger Things" Star Dacre Montgomery                         Learn more about Dacre Montgomery's "Stranger Things" character inspired by Jack Nicholson's performance in The Shining. This and more in our Guide to Comic-Con. Watch the video 






Share this page:














 






Related News


Sun Valley: Jared Kushner, Ivanka Trump Keep Low Profile During Talks on Political Divisions, Mid-East Peace (Exclusive)



                                  13 July 2017 2:18 PM, -08:00
                                
|
Variety - Film News





Sun Valley: Bill Gates, Phil Knight, Gen. Lori Robinson to Address Moguls (Exclusive)



                                  12 July 2017 5:51 AM, -08:00
                                
|
Variety - Film News





Sun Valley: Bill Gates, Phil Knight, Gen. Lori Robinson to Address Moguls (Exclusive)



                                  12 July 2017 5:51 AM, -08:00
                                
|
Variety - TV News




See all 271 related articles »
            









  Around The Web  |  Powered by ZergNet        






On Amazon Video



Watch Now


 Star Trek Beyond
 



See more on Amazon Video »
                








Create a list »
                
User Lists
Related lists from IMDb users


 


1 Kere İzlediklerim



            a list of 9984 people
            created 14 Aug 2014
        
 



 


Favorites



            a list of 30 people
            created 14 Dec 2014
        
 



 


Entertainment Weekly's Bold Predictions for 2015.



            a list of 5 images
            created 01 Jan 2015
        
 



 


2017 Oscars Spotlight: Best Makeup and Hairstyling



            a list of 22 images
            created 5 months ago
        
 



 


Top 10 Richest People In America 2017



            a list of 10 people
            created 1 month ago
        
 


See all related lists »
                







Do you have a demo reel?
Add it to your IMDbPage









Find out more at IMDb Pro »
        






Connect with IMDb









How Much Have You Seen?
How much of Jeff Bezos's work have you seen?





User Polls


 Close Col.

 25 Memorable Moments of IMDb from the Last 25 Years

 Entertainment Weekly's Bold Predictions for 2015.

 Surprising Stars of the "Star Trek" TV Series

See more polls »







 








Known For


 
 
TED: The Future We Will Create
Himself

(2007)


 
 
Star Trek Beyond
Starfleet Official

(2016)


 
 
60 Minutes
Himself - Founder & CEO, Amazon (segment "Amazon")

(2013)


 
 
Charlie Rose
Himself - Guest / Himself

(1999-2012)











 Show all


 Hide all

 | 


Show by...
Job
Year »
Rating »
Number of Ratings »
Genre »
Keyword »


 | 
 Edit
 
Filmography

Jump to:
Actor
| Thanks
| Self
| Archive footage



Hide 
Show 
Actor (2 credits)




 2016

Star Trek Beyond

Starfleet Official



 2004

Tooth Fairy
(Short)

Security Guard



Hide 
Show 
Thanks (2 credits)




 2012

South of Sanity
(thanks)




 2010

Mineville
(thanks)




Hide 
Show 
Self (15 credits)




 2015

Good Morning America
(TV Series)

Himself - Guest

- Episode dated 24 November 2015
(2015)
... Himself - Guest




 2015

CBS This Morning
(TV Series)

Himself - CEO, Amazon

- Episode #4.30
(2015)
... Himself - CEO, Amazon




 2013

60 Minutes
(TV Series documentary)

Himself - Founder & CEO, Amazon (segment "Amazon")

- Amazon/The Capitol Dome/Free Diving
(2013)
... Himself - Founder & CEO, Amazon (segment "Amazon")




 1999-2012

Charlie Rose
(TV Series)

Himself - Guest
/ Himself

- Episode dated 16 November 2012
(2012)
... Himself - Guest


- Episode dated 28 July 2010
(2010)
... Himself - Guest


- Episode dated 26 February 2009
(2009)
... Himself - Guest


- Episode dated 19 November 2007
(2007)
... Himself


- Episode dated 27 June 2001
(2001)
... Himself - Guest





Show all 9 episodes




 2012

Late Night with Jimmy Fallon
(TV Series)

Himself - Guest

- Episode #5.16
(2012)
... Himself - Guest




 2010

Modern Marvels
(TV Series documentary)

Himself - Founder and CEO, Amazon

- Top Ten Tech Inovations
(2010)
... Himself - Founder and CEO, Amazon




 2010

The Virtual Revolution
(TV Series documentary)

Himself - CEO and Founder: Amazon.com
/ Himself - Founder and CEO: Amazon.com

- Homo Interneticus?
(2010)
... Himself - Founder and CEO: Amazon.com


- The Cost of Free
(2010)
... Himself - CEO and Founder: Amazon.com


- Enemy of the State?
(2010)
... Himself - CEO and Founder: Amazon.com




 2009

The Daily Show
(TV Series)

Himself

- Jeff Bezos
(2009)
... Himself




 2008

The Simpsons
(TV Series)

Himself

- The Burns and the Bees
(2008)
... Himself
(voice)




 2008

Martha
(TV Series)

Himself

- Episode dated 5 May 2008
(2008)
... Himself




 2007

TED: The Future We Will Create
(TV Movie documentary)

Himself



 2000

Schauplätze der Zukunft
(TV Series documentary)

Himself - Amazon.com

- Arbeit wird es immer geben
(2000)
... Himself - Amazon.com




 1999

The Tonight Show with Jay Leno
(TV Series)

Himself

- Episode #7.227
(1999)
... Himself




 1999

The Jonathan Dimbleby Interviews
(TV Movie)

Himself



 1999

60 Minutes Wednesday
(TV Series documentary)

Himself - Founder, Amazon (segment "Nerd of the Amazon")

- Nerd of the Amazon/The Case Against Jake Beard/Classic: 1-800-CON MAN
(1999)
... Himself - Founder, Amazon (segment "Nerd of the Amazon")




Hide 
Show 
Archive footage (5 credits)




 2014

Inside Edition
(TV Series documentary)

Himself - CEO, Amazon

- Episode #25.231
(2014)
... Himself - CEO, Amazon




 2014

America's Book of Secrets
(TV Series documentary)

Himself

- The Billionaire Agenda
(2014)
... Himself




 2014

Business Boomers
(TV Mini-Series documentary)

Himself - Amazon CEO & Founder

- Amazon's Retail Revolution
(2014)
... Himself - Amazon CEO & Founder
(uncredited)




 2011

Bloomberg Game Changers
(TV Series documentary)

Himself - CEO, Amazon.com

- Jeff Bezos
(2011)
... Himself - CEO, Amazon.com




 1999

60 Minutes Wednesday
(TV Series documentary)

Himself - Founder, Amazon (segment "Nerd of the Amazon")

- Nerd of the Amazon/Family Ties/Classic: Arthur Miller
(1999)
... Himself - Founder, Amazon (segment "Nerd of the Amazon")



 







 Edit
 
Personal Details

Publicity Listings:
    1 Print Biography |
    1 Interview |
    7 Articles |
    1 Magazine Cover Photo |

See more
»
        


Official Sites:
Twitter



Height:
5' 7½" (1.71 m)        








 Edit
 
Did You Know?

Personal Quote:
I don't want to use my creative energy on somebody else's user interface.                    
See more

                    »
        


Trivia:
In 2016 his personal wealth was $ 59.2 billion.                    
See more

                    »
        


Star Sign:
Capricorn








Getting Started
|
Contributor Zone »
Contribute to This Page




Edit page



Add resume








   IMDb's Comic-Con 2017 Guide    Check out IMDb's 2017 Comic-Con Guide for the latest celebrity interviews, event coverage, cosplay photos, and more.                  Meet the Characters of Black Panther                   Chris Hemsworth and Taika Waititi Are Excited About Thor: Ragnarok           Browse Our Guide to Comic-Con 










 





 






IMDb Everywhere

 

 

 


Find showtimes, watch trailers, browse photos, track your Watchlist and rate your favorite movies and TV shows on your phone or tablet!
IMDb Mobile site




      Follow IMDb on
      
 

 

 









Home
Top Rated Movies
Box Office
TV
Coming Soon
Site Index
Search
In Theaters




Contact Us
 Register

News

Press Room
Advertising
Jobs




IMDbPro
 Box Office Mojo

 Withoutabox


Conditions of Use
Privacy Policy
 Interest-Based Ads










Copyright © 1990-2017
                IMDb.com, Inc.


                An Amazon.com company.
            




                Amazon Affiliates
            





Amazon Video
Watch Movies &TV Online






Prime Video
Unlimited Streamingof Movies & TV






Amazon Germany
Buy Movies onDVD & Blu-ray






Amazon Italy
Buy Movies onDVD & Blu-ray






Amazon France
Buy Movies onDVD & Blu-ray






Amazon India
Buy Movie andTV Show DVDs






DPReview
DigitalPhotography






Audible
DownloadAudio Books
















































The week’s winners and losers | New York Post





















 




























































































Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission.
Back to Reading



News
Metro
Page Six
Sports
Business
Opinion
Entertainment
Fashion
Living
Media
Tech
Real Estate
Sub Menu 1

Video
Photos
Covers
Columnists
Horoscopes


Sub Menu 2

Email Newsletters
Home Delivery


 
Sign in









latest in business 










				Alphabet's profit slumps on $2.7 billion EU fine	
			














				Blue Apron's IPO underwriters aren't worried about Amazon	
			














				Blackstone nears $4B-plus deal for Ackman's chemical company	
			














				'Pharma Bro's latest attempt to rejoin Twitter is a failure	
			














				Hasbro shares plunge despite strong demand for Transformers	
			














				Spotify close to signing a crucial deal with Warner Music	
			














				Paul Singer 'urgently' wants info on Dutch paint giant's CEO	
			














				KKR cuts massive deals to buy WebMD and Nature's Bounty	
			














				Malls are trying to woo back shoppers with fun activities	
			














				Small hotels are offering big bargains to target millennials	
			














				Can we trust the Census Bureau's software?	
			














				Are money market rates worth looking into?	
			

































Share this:FacebookTwitterGoogleFacebook MessengerWhatsAppEmailCopy 




Business


Share this:FacebookTwitterGoogleFacebook MessengerWhatsAppEmailCopy 


The week’s winners and losers

By Post Staff Report 



View author archive
Get author RSS feed



 


Name(required)



Email(required)



Comment(required)










 

									March 27, 2011 | 4:00am
												


Modal Trigger






Jeff Bezos
AFP/Getty Images




Chris Brown (WireImage)

WINNERS

JEFF BEZOS

Amazon CEO opens online app store and takes on Apple over trademark name.
JACK DORSEY

Twitter co-founder in talks to return to company. 
JEFF WEINER

LinkedIn boss celebrates the Web site’s 100M member as growing company eyes IPO.
LOSERS

CHRIS BROWN

R&B singer throws a tantrum on “Good Morning America.” 
BRIAN MOYNIHAN

BofA boss told by Fed the bank can’t reinstate a dividend.
RICHARD ROBINSON

Scholastic Books CEO sees sales drop in post-“Potter” era.
Share this:FacebookTwitterGoogleFacebook MessengerWhatsAppEmailCopy 






Share this article:
Share this:FacebookTwitterGoogleFacebook MessengerWhatsAppEmailCopy 

Read Next



				Business briefs			






Read Next



				Business briefs			









Share Selection









Columnists 

John Crudele






Can we trust the Census Bureau's software?


Nicole Gelinas






10 ways to make flying great again


Keith J. Kelly






Playboy cut partner out of logo licensing deal: suit


see all columnists











Trending Nowin Business


1,066








Small hotels are offering big bargains to target millennials



998








Paul Singer 'urgently' wants info on Dutch paint giant's CEO



938








KKR cuts massive deals to buy WebMD and Nature's Bounty





Now On




 


Younger ‘Modern Family’ castmates getting over $100K per episode


Scott Disick’s bevy of bikini babes and more star snaps

Justin Bieber abruptly cancels rest of world tour


SEE ALL






Video 





										0:47									




								Michael Jackson's former pet chimp is now a professional artist							
















More Stories



			page six		



'Morning Joe' staffers losing their patience with Joe and Mika





Now On
Decider

 


How Do Eunuchs Have Sex And Other Important 'Game Of Thrones' Questions Answered


 

			nypost		



Man ordered to pay $65K in child support for kid who isn't his























							News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services.						


News Corp

HarperCollins
Marketwatch
realtor.com
Dow Jones
The Sun
Storyful
Wall Street Journal
The Times
Mansion Global
New York Post
The Australian
Checkout51
News America Marketing
News.com.au
Unruly


 


























Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address






Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			



Copy
Share URL: 

Copy Link








































































































































































Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      













































































Jeff Bezos Quotes - BrainyQuote



































 Authors:

A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M


N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z



 | 
Follow Us: 















Please enable Javascript
This site requires Javascript be enabled to provide you the best experience. Some features may not be available with
Javascript disabled!

 















You don't want to negotiate the price of simple things you buy every day.


Jeff Bezos






 
 

 
 
 













Related Authors 


Steve Jobs


Warren Buffett


Henry Ford


Bill Gates


Jim Rohn


Stephen Covey


Peter Drucker


Les Brown




Popular Topics 


Life Quotes


Motivational Quotes


Inspirational Quotes


Friendship Quotes


Love Quotes


Positive Quotes


Smile Quotes


Funny Quotes




More 



Find on Amazon:
Jeff Bezos

Cite this page


Language
Español
Français

About
About Us

Privacy

Terms





Jeff Bezos Quotes

American
-
Businessman

Born: January 12, 1964










































   Loading...






A brand for a company is like a reputation for a person. You earn reputation by trying to do hard things well.
Jeff Bezos


Business,
Trying,
Brand



















What we need to do is always lean into the future; when the world changes around you and when it changes against you - what used to be a tail wind is now a head wind - you have to lean into that and figure out what to do because complaining isn't a strategy.
Jeff Bezos


Future,
Changes,
World
























We see our customers as invited guests to a party, and we are the hosts. It's our job every day to make every important aspect of the customer experience a little bit better.
Jeff Bezos


Experience,
Day,
Job



















The best customer service is if the customer doesn't need to call you, doesn't need to talk to you. It just works.
Jeff Bezos


Best,
Service,
Customer



















We've had three big ideas at Amazon that we've stuck with for 18 years, and they're the reason we're successful: Put the customer first. Invent. And be patient.
Jeff Bezos


Ideas,
Successful,
Customer



















I think frugality drives innovation, just like other constraints do. One of the only ways to get out of a tight box is to invent your way out.
Jeff Bezos


Innovation,
Think,
Way



















Millions of people were inspired by the Apollo Program. I was five years old when I watched Apollo 11 unfold on television, and without any doubt it was a big contributor to my passions for science, engineering, and exploration.
Jeff Bezos


Science,
Engineering,
Doubt



















The one thing that offends me the most is when I walk by a bank and see ads trying to convince people to take out second mortgages on their home so they can go on vacation. That's approaching evil.
Jeff Bezos


Home,
Vacation,
Walk



















You don't want to negotiate the price of simple things you buy every day.
Jeff Bezos


Day,
Simple,
Want
























If you're competitor-focused, you have to wait until there is a competitor doing something. Being customer-focused allows you to be more pioneering.
Jeff Bezos


Wait,
You,
Doing



















The killer app that got the world ready for appliances was the light bulb. So the light bulb is what wired the world. And they weren't thinking about appliances when they wired the world. They were really thinking about - they weren't putting electricity into the home. They were putting lighting into the home.
Jeff Bezos


Home,
Light,
Thinking



















If you don't understand the details of your business you are going to fail.
Jeff Bezos


Business,
Details,
You



















My view is there's no bad time to innovate.
Jeff Bezos


Time,
View,
Bad



















Because, you know, resilience - if you think of it in terms of the Gold Rush, then you'd be pretty depressed right now because the last nugget of gold would be gone. But the good thing is, with innovation, there isn't a last nugget. Every new thing creates two new questions and two new opportunities.
Jeff Bezos


Innovation,
Good,
Resilience



















Life's too short to hang out with people who aren't resourceful.
Jeff Bezos


Life,
Short,
People
























If you do build a great experience, customers tell each other about that. Word of mouth is very powerful.
Jeff Bezos


Experience,
Great,
Powerful



















There'll always be serendipity involved in discovery.
Jeff Bezos


Discovery,
Always,
Involved



















Part of company culture is path-dependent - it's the lessons you learn along the way.
Jeff Bezos


Culture,
Learn,
You



















One of the things it was obvious you could do with an online store is have a much more complete selection.
Jeff Bezos


You,
More,
Obvious



















If you can't tolerate critics, don't do anything new or interesting.
Jeff Bezos


You,
Interesting,
New



















What's dangerous is not to evolve.
Jeff Bezos


Change,
Dangerous,
Evolve



















Percentage margins don't matter. What matters always is dollar margins: the actual dollar amount. Companies are valued not on their percentage margins, but on how many dollars they actually make, and a multiple of that.
Jeff Bezos


Matters,
Matter,
Dollar
























If you only do things where you know the answer in advance, your company goes away.
Jeff Bezos


Know,
You,
Company



















You want your customers to value your service.
Jeff Bezos


Service,
Value,
Want



















I'm a genetic optimist.
Jeff Bezos


Optimist,
Genetic



















There are two ways to extend a business. Take inventory of what you're good at and extend out from your skills. Or determine what your customers need and work backward, even if it requires learning new skills. Kindle is an example of working backward.
Jeff Bezos


Work,
Business,
Learning


































Share this page: 






























Cite this Page:
Citation







Find on Amazon:
Jeff Bezos
















Related Authors



Steve Jobs




Warren Buffett




Henry Ford




Bill Gates




Jim Rohn




Stephen Covey




Peter Drucker




Les Brown


































BrainyQuote Desktop
BrainyQuote Mobile













Site

Home
Authors
Topics
Quote Of The Day
Pictures
Top 100 Quotes
Professions
Birthdays




Social
BQ on Facebook
BQ on Twitter
BQ on Pinterest
BQ on Google+
BQ on Instagram


Shop
BrainyQuote Store




Apps
iPhone/iPad app

Quote Of The Day Feeds
Javascript and RSS feeds
WordPress plugin
Quote of the Day Email




About
About Us
Contact Us
Submit
Privacy
Terms









Copyright © 2001 - 2017 BrainyQuote



Language:
Español | Français













   Loading...


Load more quotes



