





Executive Management - Hasbro, Inc.











































 

Investors




 US 
|
 Worldwide 


 Follow Hasbro: 
 





Hasbro Corporate
Investor Relations Corporate Governance Executive Management


  Executive Management  



Briefcase
Printed Materials 
Email Alerts
Snapshot
RSS
Print
Email
Share



X






























 Brian D. Goldner 
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer







 Print Page


	As Chairman and CEO of Hasbro, Inc., Brian Goldner is responsible for bringing the company’s iconic brands to life across its strategic Brand Blueprint, through toy and game innovation, immersive entertainment experiences, digital gaming and consumer products.

	 

	Since joining Hasbro in 2000 and taking on the role of CEO in 2008, Mr. Goldner has been instrumental in transforming Hasbro from a traditional toy and game company to a global play and entertainment leader. In 2016, Hasbro passed the $5B revenue mark for the first time in company history.

	 

	Mr. Goldner pioneered Hasbro’s entry into entertainment and oversees the company’s omni-channel storytelling. He has served as an executive producer on a number of films based on Hasbro brands, including the wildly-successful TRANSFORMERS films and the upcoming animated feature MY LITTLE PONY: THE MOVIE.

	 

	Mr. Goldner is actively involved in driving corporate and community initiatives to fulfill Hasbro’s purpose, to make the world a better place for children and their families. Hasbro recently ranked among the World’s Most Ethical Companies for the sixth consecutive year.

	 

	In addition to being a member of Hasbro's board of directors, Mr. Goldner serves on the board of directors for Gap Inc., and is a member of the Producers Guild of America.











 John A. Frascotti
President







 Print Page


	As President of Hasbro, Inc., John Frascotti leads a global organization focused on creating and delivering the world's best play and entertainment experiences across Hasbro's Brand Blueprint, including toys and games, immersive entertainment experiences, digital gaming and consumer products.

	 

	Mr. Frascotti joined Hasbro in 2008 as Chief Marketing Officer and in 2014 became President of Hasbro Brands. During his tenure, he has played a critical role in the re-imagination and re-invention of Hasbro's world-class portfolio of brands, including TRANSFORMERS, NERF, MY LITTLE PONY, LITTLEST PET SHOP, MONOPOLY, MAGIC: THE GATHERING and PLAY-DOH, in addition to Hasbro's Gaming Business, and its portfolio of Partner and Emerging Brands. His experience in brand building, digital marketing, consumer products, and entertainment has contributed to the expanded reach of these brands globally.

	 

	Mr. Frascotti is a member of the Board of Directors of Discovery Family Channel, a joint venture between Hasbro and Discovery Communications.

	 

	Mr. Frascotti is a member of the Board of Directors of Corus Entertainment in Toronto, Canada, and was recognized by Forbes Magazine as one of top 5 most influential CMO's amongst the top 500 companies in Forbes Global 2000 Biggest Public Companies list. He also is a member of the Board of Directors of the Serious Fun Children's Network, a global network of camps for seriously ill children.

	 

	Before joining Hasbro, Mr. Frascotti served in several senior executive positions at Reebok International Ltd., including Senior Vice President of the Sport Division where he managed the company's largest global business segment, and also served as President and COO of myteam.com. Mr. Frascotti began his career in entertainment law working at leading law firms including Mitchell, Silberberg & Knupp in Los Angeles and Palmer & Dodge in Boston.

	 

	Mr. Frascotti received his BA in Economics from Yale, where he graduated Phi Beta Kappa and Summa Cum Laude, and his law degree, Cum Laude, from Harvard.

	 











 Deborah M. Thomas
Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer







 Print Page


	Deborah Thomas leads Hasbro’s global corporate financial operations, including accounting and control, business planning and analysis, internal audit, treasury, tax, investor relations and other key financial disciplines. In addition to corporate finance, she oversees the Company’s global information technology organization.


	Prior to her appointment in 2009 as Hasbro’s CFO, Ms. Thomas served as Senior Vice President and Head of Corporate Finance for Hasbro. Ms. Thomas also served as the Company’s Corporate Controller and has held positions of increasing responsibility since joining Hasbro’s Finance Department in 1998.


	Ms. Thomas has participated in the due diligence and acquisition teams for almost every major acquisition Hasbro has made. In addition to her role in corporate finance, Ms. Thomas is an active member of Hasbro’s Global Information Systems Steering Committee.


	Prior to joining Hasbro, Ms. Thomas held Assurance positions at KPMG Peat Marwick, LLP from 1986 through 1998, in the United States and in the United Kingdom.


	Ms. Thomas serves on the Boards of Directors of SeaWorld Entertainment, Inc., a leading theme park and entertainment company, and several local, not-for-profit groups in Rhode Island including: the Providence Ballet Theatre, the Rhode Island Public Expenditure Council (RIPEC) and Rhode Island Airport Corporation (RIAC). She also sits on the President’s Advisory Council of Providence College. Ms. Thomas was previously a board member of Dorcas Place, an adult literacy center based in Providence, Rhode Island. She is a member of the AICPA, the Rhode Island Society of CPA’s, and has on occasion advised to the Members in Industry sub-committee of the AICPA.


	In 2010, Ms. Thomas was named the 2010 Citizen of the Year by the March of Dimes Rhode Island’s Board of Directors, in recognition for her work to advance the March of Dimes’ mission of improving infant health.


	Ms. Thomas has a BS from Providence College, and is a CPA.











 Duncan J. Billing
Executive Vice President, Chief Strategy Officer 







 Print Page


	Duncan Billing is Executive Vice President, Chief Strategy Officer of Hasbro, Inc. In this role, he leads Hasbro’s strategic-planning processes, M&A activity and the exploration of new platforms to help further expand the company’s capabilities around its strategic Brand Blueprint.

	 

	Prior to this position, Mr. Billing was Hasbro's Executive Vice President, Chief Operations and Business Development Officer and Executive Vice President, Chief Development Officer. In these role’s, he led Hasbro’s global toy and game product development efforts, worldwide supply chain operations and the new business development team.

	 

	Before this, he was Chief Marketing Officer of the U.S. Toy Business, leveraging his 20-plus years of consumer marketing experience, predominantly in the toy and game arena. During this time, Hasbro significantly grew its business in the U.S. through innovation across its strong portfolio of company-owned and partner brands.

	 

	Mr. Billing first joined Hasbro in 1988 as Group Director, Sales and Marketing, for its UK subsidiary. He later transferred to the U.S., where he held several senior-level positions, managing many of the company's world-class brands, including MY LITTLE PONY, TONKA, G.I. JOE, TRANSFORMERS and NERF, among others. In 2001, Mr. Billing became General Manager of Tiger Electronics in Chicago, which created strong brands such as FURBY and FUR REAL FRIENDS.

	 

	He began his marketing career with Unilever in the UK and later joined Kenner Products, then part of the General Mills Toy Group, where he held roles of increasing responsibility in both Europe and the U.S. and managed highly successful brands, including STAR WARS, TRIVIAL PURSUIT and THE REAL GHOSTBUSTERS.

	 

	He has been a Board member of DLE Inc since 2006. DLE is a public company in the entertainment industry, headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.

	 

	Mr. Billing holds a Bachelor of Law (LLB) Undergraduate Degree from the University of Southampton, UK.











 Stephen Davis
Executive Vice President, Chief Content Officer







 Print Page


	Stephen J. Davis is Executive Vice President and Chief Content Officer for Hasbro, Inc. He is responsible for aligning Hasbro's storytelling with the transformative work of its teams to bring play to life around the world, including producing content and developing consumer products strategies that activate Hasbro's brands across multiple platforms. Mr. Davis oversees the Company's Los Angeles-based Hasbro Studios, the TV and digital content production and global distribution division; Allspark Pictures, the feature film division; Boulder Media, its wholly-owned, Dublin-based animation studio; and Cake Mix Studios, the in-house commercial production arm. Mr. Davis is also responsible for Hasbro's Global Consumer Products Licensing & Publishing division, which is focused on brand building and monetization for the more than 1,500 well-known brands that make up Hasbro's portfolio. He is also involved in managing Hasbro's interest in the Discovery Family Network. In January 2017, Mr. Davis was ranked among Fast Company's "Most Creative People in Business."

	 

	Under Mr. Davis' guidance, Hasbro's TV and film studio has expanded dramatically, developing and producing popular TV shows based on Hasbro's world-class brands. Content from the studio can be seen in over 190 territories around the world and have been nominated for numerous awards, including nine Daytime Emmys. Under its Allspark Pictures film label, Hasbro has produced JEM AND THE HOLOGRAMS (UNIVERSAL); OUIJA 1 & 2 (UNIVERSAL); is in production on MY LITTLE PONY: THE ANIMATED FEATURE (LIONSGATE), TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT (PARAMOUNT) among others, in partnership with the major Hollywood studios. Mr. Davis has been instrumental in establishing Hasbro's joint venture with Paramount Pictures to create a cross-property onscreen film universe which features rich content from brands like G.I. Joe, Micronauts M.A.S.K. and Visionaries.

	 

	Prior to joining Hasbro, he was CEO of Family Entertainment Group LLC, which, under his direction, was engaged in the development, production, revitalization and distribution of family-oriented entertainment content. He joined the company from his post as President of Mobile and Online Media at the NASDAQ-listed digital media company, InfoSpace.

	 

	Before that, Mr. Davis served as President of Granada America, a unit of one of Europe's leading producers and broadcasters of quality television programming. During his tenure at Granada America, the company developed and produced award-winning and highly-rated reality, drama, kids and factual programming, and became at the time, the largest foreign-owned supplier of programming to the U.S. networks.

	 

	Mr. Davis took on his role at Granada America after serving as CEO and President of his two previous companies; Hamdon Entertainment and Carlton America respectively. Mr. Davis is a member of the Board of Directors of Discovery Family Network; the Hollywood Radio and Television Society (HRTS); the International Academy of Television Arts and Sciences, and the Zimmer Children's Museum of Los Angeles. He is also a member of the Los Angeles Board of Governors of the Paley Center for Media. Mr. Davis is a Trustee of the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles and of Wilshire Boulevard Temple.
	 











 Tom Courtney
Executive Vice President, Global Operations







 Print Page


	Tom Courtney is a 25-year veteran of Hasbro and serves as Executive Vice President, Global Operations.

	In this position, Mr. Courtney is responsible for overseeing vendor relationships, product sourcing, product safety and quality, logistics and warehousing, supply chain planning, corporate real estate, global security and the development, design, operation, and improvement of the systems that make and deliver Hasbro's products.

	 

	Since joining Hasbro in 1992 as Assistant Controller - Games, Mr. Courtney has held a variety of positions of increasing responsibility, including VP Finance Games, SVP Finance North America, SVP Global Business Planning and Analysis and SVP & GM Global Operations.

	 

	In his prior role as SVP & GM Global Operations, Mr. Courtney led the successful turn around and sale of Hasbro's games manufacturing operations in Massachusetts and Ireland.

	 

	He began his career at Coopers & Lybrand in 1982, and in 1985, joined Brennan College Services as Corporate Controller. Mr. Courtney is a member of the Hasbro IT steering committee.

	 

	Mr. Courtney was the former greater Springfield chapter president and board member of the Financial Executive Institute and served on the boards of the Springfield Technical Community College Foundation and the YMCA of Greater Springfield. Mr. Courtney is currently a board member of the Providence Foundation.

	 

	Mr. Courtney has a BBA from the University of Massachusetts, Amherst.











 Dolph Johnson
Executive Vice President, Chief Global Human Resources Officer







 Print Page

Dolph Johnson is Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer for Hasbro, Inc.Mr. Johnson's career at Hasbro spans 20 years, during which time he has held responsibility for a variety of different aspects encompassing global human resources, organizational and leadership development, succession planning, compensation, benefits, employee relations, performance management, employee engagement and communications and HR information systems.Prior to Hasbro, his career included service with Frito Lay, based in Dallas, Texas, and Ecolab based in Minneapolis, Minn.Dolph serves on the Board of Visitors Executive Committee for the D'Amore-McKim School of Business at Northeastern University and serves on the Board of Advisors for Year Up, an intensive training program that provides young adults with a unique combination of technical and professional skills empowering them to succeed in livable-wage careers. He is also on the Board of Directors for The Pawtucket Foundation and United Way of Rhode Island, and sits on the Board of Trustees at Rhode Island Hospital Foundation. He is the president of Bruno United FC, a non-profit youth soccer club. He has also served as Chairperson of the Hasbro Children's Hospital Gala Committee from 2010 to 2014. Dolph holds a PhD in Organizational Psychology from Old Dominion University in Norfolk, VA.  He holds a BA in Psychology and a MA in Psychology from James Madison University in Harrisonburg, VA.










 Wiebe Tinga
Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer







 Print Page


	A 25-year veteran of Hasbro, Wiebe Tinga is responsible for the leadership, planning, direction and control of all commercial activities for Hasbro’s global operating markets.  He reports directly to Brian Goldner, Hasbro’s Chief Executive Officer.


	Prior to this position, Mr. Tinga held the role of President, North America Sales and Marketing.  Under his leadership, he improved trade relationships, drove innovative marketing and improved the profitability of the U.S. and Canada segment.  Prior to that, Mr. Tinga served as President, Asia Pacific/Latin America/Mexico Sales & Marketing.  During this time, Hasbro’s market share, profitability and sales volume on its product lines within Hasbro Latin America and Asia Pacific, steadily improved, and secured important gains in key strategic markets, including  Brazil and China. 


	Mr. Tinga’s career with Hasbro began in 1987, when he joined the marketing department at Hasbro Netherlands. During the next few years, Mr. Tinga assumed several positions of increasing responsibility in the Benelux (Belgium-Netherlands-Luxembourg) region, ultimately culminating in his appointment as General Manager of Hasbro Benelux in 1993. In 1995, he was promoted again to General Manager of Hasbro’s Northern and Central European Region.


	Mr. Tinga is an advisory board member of Northeastern University’s Center for Emerging Markets.  Throughout his tenure at Hasbro, he has been active in a variety of toy industry associations and non-profit organizations across the globe.


	Mr. Tinga received his BS in Marketing and Advertising from the Higher Business School for Economic Studies in Utrecht, Netherlands.











 Barbara Finigan
Executive Vice President Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary







 Print Page


	Ms. Finigan is the Chief Legal Officer at Hasbro and is responsible for overseeing a 70-person Legal Department, with offices worldwide. Since joining the Company in 1991, Ms. Finigan has held a series of positions of increasing responsibility, including Senior Attorney, Managing Attorney and Vice President-Litigation, Employment and Compliance, ultimately culminating in her appointment as Chief Legal Officer & Secretary in 2010.

	Prior to joining Hasbro, Ms. Finigan was in private practice as an associate with Brown Rudnick, Freed and Gesmer. She is admitted to the Bar in Massachusetts, Rhode Island and Wisconsin.

	Ms. Finigan is a graduate of Marquette University Law School, and received her Bachelor of Arts degree from College of the Holy Cross. Also, she holds a certificate from the Executive Leadership Training Program at the Tuck Business School at Dartmouth College.












 Best Medical Billing in Duncan, Oklahoma with Reviews - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeDuncan, OKMedical BillingDuncan, OK Medical BillingAbout Search ResultsAbout Search ResultsYP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. “Preferred” listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions. YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.Sort:DefaultDefaultDistanceRatingName (A - Z)Sponsored LinksAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection1. Anchor Medical Billing ServicesServing the Duncan Area.(877) 455-8234Business Consultants-Medical...WebsiteMore InfoFrom Business: Anchor Healthcare Billing Services provides medical billing, collections, EMR and e-prescription services to medical providers and home health agencies.Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection2. Professional Recovery Personnel, Inc.BBB Rating: A+Serving the Duncan Area.(888) 832-1430Business Consultants-Medical...WebsiteView TestimonialsMore InfoFrom Business: PRP specializes in working with it's clients to achieve the maximum recoveries on their accounts receivables. Through review of your current processes and free ed…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection3. Duncan Medical Billing1111 W Willow Ave Ste 106Duncan, OK 73533(580) 252-6367Billing ServiceMedical ClinicsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED4. Steno Services LLC(1)Serving the Duncan Area.(405) 796-8681Stenographers-PublicWebsiteMore InfoExcellent service and quality work product!  I expected the best and received it in folds...  Would highly recommend!Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection5. Steno Services LLC(1)BBB Rating: A+Serving the Duncan Area.(405) 796-8681Stenographers-PublicWebsiteMore InfoOutstanding!!! Online booking system made it easy to schedule services. Professional, prompt, dependable and quality work product! I expected the be…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED6. Empire Credit and Collections(5)Serving the Duncan Area.(888) 861-8253Collection AgenciesBilling ServiceWebsiteMore InfoI have used them to collect for me and they were amazing. The Rep who signed me was very pleasant to deal with. They got me my money very quick. I d…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection7. Kp Billing Services1317 N 5th StDuncan, OK 73533(580) 255-7540Billing ServiceTax Return PreparationMake an AppointmentAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection8. Charles W Dickerson MD1601 Brookwood AveDuncan, OK 73533(580) 252-3232Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection9. DaVitaView all 3 Locations2645 W Elk AveDuncan, OK 73533(580) 255-2205Dialysis ServicesWebsiteServicesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection10. GT Billing3501 E Gore BlvdLawton, OK 73501(580) 351-1401Business Consultants-Medical...Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection11. GT Billing431 SW C Ave Ste 200Lawton, OK 73501(580) 351-1401Business Consultants-Medical...WebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection12. A & E Medical Billing2102 1/2 W Gore BlvdLawton, OK 73501(580) 355-4433Business Consultants-Medical...Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection13. Lawton Dialysis Inc4516 SE Lee BlvdLawton, OK 73501(580) 351-1430Medical Service OrganizationsClinicsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection14. Hearts That Care Health Clinic304 SW A AveLawton, OK 73501(580) 354-9007Medical ClinicsMedical CentersWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection15. March Of Dimes Wichita Mts Chapter908 SW D AveLawton, OK 73501(580) 248-4898Health Maintenance OrganizationsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection16. R & R Medical Management Services810 NW Columbia AveLawton, OK 73507(580) 353-8787Billing ServiceAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection17. Professionals Billing Svc-Lwtn1201 NW Arlington AveLawton, OK 73507(580) 248-8844Billing ServiceTax Return PreparationMake an AppointmentAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection18. Medical Support Systems Inc1505 W Gore BlvdLawton, OK 73501(580) 713-5350Billing ServiceAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection19. Lewis Gail MD2701 SW Cornell AveLawton, OK 73505(580) 248-0696Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection20. Dean McGee Eye Institute - Lawton3201 W Gore Blvd Ste 200Lawton, OK 73505(580) 250-5855Physicians & Surgeons, OphthalmologyWebsiteSponsored LinksShowing1-20
of 20resultsMap ViewSponsoredProfessional Recovery Personnel, Inc.Serving the Duncan area.(888) 832-1430WebsiteView TestimonialsMore InfoDidn't find what you were looking for?magnifying glass 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback




Duncan Medical Billing in Duncan, OK 73533 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Oklahoma
» Duncan
» Business Products & Services
» Duncan Medical Billing













Duncan Medical Billing


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





1111 W Willow Ave  Duncan, Oklahoma 73533


(580) 252-6367


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Duncan Medical Billing is located at the address 1111 W Willow Ave in Duncan, Oklahoma 73533.  They can be contacted via phone at (580) 252-6367 for pricing, hours and directions.  Duncan Medical Billing has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .Duncan Medical Billing provides ATM Services, Sales Development, Corporate Services to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Duncan Medical Billing view the map to the right.  For reviews of Duncan Medical Billing see below.









Business Features

SERVICES


Sales Development
, Storage
, ATM Services
, Installations
, Commercial Services
, Staffing Services
, Tax Planning & Tax Preparation
, Corporate Services



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (580) 252-6367
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 2
Exact Sales Volume: 63000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


Business Products & Services
Physical & Occupational Therapists
General Practice
Customer Service
Business, Industry & Agriculture
Health Care
Physicians



Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM











































Duncan Billing | GreenBiz
































Home





Toggle navigation





















Duncan Billing



Duncan Billing is global chief development officer at Hasbro, spearheading innovation for new brands and products and re-imagining long-time favorites. 

Duncan Billing is global chief development officer at Hasbro, spearheading innovation for new brands and products and re-imagining long-time favorites.
Prior to assuming the role of chief development officer in 2007, Duncan  Hasbro's chief marketing officer of U.S. Toys Brands, leveraging his 20-plus years of consumer marketing experience, predominantly in the toy and game arena.
He first joined Hasbro in 1988 as group director of sales and marketing for the UK subsidiary. He later transferred to the U.S., where he held a number of senior-level positions, managing many of the company's world-class brands, including My Little Pony, Tonka, GI Joe, Transformers and Nerf, among others.  In 2001, he became general manager of Tiger Electronics in Chicago, which created and marketed highly successful toys such as Furby and Giga Pets.
He began his marketing career with Unilever in the U.K. and later joined Kenner Products, then part of the General Mills Toy Group, where he held roles of increasing responsibility in both Europe and the U.S. and managed highly successful brands, including Star Wars, Trivial Pursuit and Ghostbusters.
Duncan holds a bachelor of law undergraduate degree from the University of Southampton, U.K. 




Less





More















 


Hasbro Maps CSR Journey with First Corporate Responsibility ReportDecember 8, 2011By Duncan Billing 
The process of creating our first comprehensive CSR Report has been an eye-opening experience.Emissions Reduction
Corporate Reporting
 



 













 


Editor's Choice




 

3 ways EVs could sideswipe the 'rules' of urban livingByHeather Clancy 



 

Doing the math on mining's $16 billion climate problemByLauren Hepler 



 

Episode 85: How AI may help sustainability; Keurig dives into recyclingByJoel Makower 



















 

Save the Date 








 


Featured Contributors



Joel Makower
Chairman & Executive Editor

Heather Clancy
Editorial Director

Elsa Wenzel
Managing editor

Anya Khalamayzer 
Associate Editor




















Duncan Billing, Hasbro Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  




















Feedback





Duncan Billing

Exec VP/Chief Strategy Officer,
Hasbro Inc






Career History




Exec VP/Chief Strategy Officer
Hasbro Inc, 1/2017-PRESENT


Exec VP/Chief Dev Ofcr
Hasbro Inc, 3/2013-10/2014


Senior VP/Chief Dev Ofcr
Hasbro Inc, 8/2008-3/2013


Chief Mktg Ofcr:US TOY Group
Hasbro Inc, 2004-2008


Gen Mgr:BIG Kids
Hasbro Inc, 2002-2004



Hasbro Inc, 7/1997-2002


Exec VP/Chief Global Ops & Bus Dev Ofcr
Hasbro Inc, 2014-UNKNOWN


Exec VP:Global Ops & Bus Dev
Hasbro Inc, 10/2014-UNKNOWN


Show More









Website:
www.hasbro.com






Corporate Information
Address:

1027 Newport Avenue
Pawtucket, RI 02861
United States


Phone:
1-401-431-8697


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.hasbro.com











From The Web












Memberships



Board Memberships




Dle Inc


Board Member, 8/2006-PRESENT









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data































    Duncan Billing | Tiger Electronics | ZoomInfo.com






BBB Business Profile | Bill Duncan's Air Conditioning & Heating | Accreditation























Home
 > 
Accredited Business Directory
 > 
Air Conditioning Contractors & Systems
 > 
Bill Duncan's Air Conditioning & Heating














BBB Accredited Business Profile






Bill Duncan's Air Conditioning & Heating



Request a Quote

































Bill Duncan's Air Conditioning & Heating






            Business Information
        






(352) 622-5629

Bill Duncan's Air Conditioning & Heating
36 years in business

        4025 SE 45th Ct
        Ocala, FL 34480-9206
    




 EMAIL
            

                 WEBSITE
            





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 09/22/2008
            

                Business Started: 01/01/1981


                Business Started Locally: 01/01/1981
            




            Type of Entity
             
            Sole Proprietorship       
    




            Contact Information
        


                    Principal: Mr. William Duncan, Owner
                

                    Ms. Dawn Duncan
                

                    Mr. Kevin Duncan
                

                    Customer Service: Mr. Chad Duncan
                





            Business Category
        


                Air Conditioning Contractors & Systems
            




                            Heating Contractors
                        

                            Heating & Air Conditioning
                        

                            Air conditioning & Heating Contractors - Residential
                        

                            Air Conditioning Repair
                        




See More Business Categories
See Less Business Categories







            Products & Services
        
        This company offers new air conditioning and heating units, installation, and maintenance of all brands to residential and commercial customers.

    



            Service Area
        
        Marion, Lake, and Sumter County

    



            Alternate Business Names
        


                    Bill Duncan's Refrigeration A/C  Services
                







                    Licensing, Bonding or Registration
                
                This business is in an industry that may require professional licensing, bonding or registration. BBB encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.

                
            



See Less Business Information
See More Business Information


 







BBB Accreditation





                BBB Accredited Since 02/28/2011
            

                BBB has determined that Bill Duncan's Air Conditioning & Heating meets Standards of BBB Accreditation, which include a commitment to make a good faith effort to resolve any consumer complaints. BBB Accredited Businesses pay a fee for accreditation review/monitoring and for support of BBB services to the public.
            

                BBB accreditation does not mean that the business's products or services have been evaluated or endorsed by BBB, or that BBB has made a determination as to the business's product quality or competency in performing services.
            








Standards of BBB Accreditation






Build Trust









            Establish and maintain a positive track record in the marketplace.
        

           An accredited business or organization agrees to:

                   1. Have been operational (actively selling products or services) in any BBB service area for at least the most recent 6 months, unless the principle(s) previously operated a similar business with an eligible record (one that qualifies for BBB accreditation).
                

                   1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached.
                

                   3. Be free from government action that demonstrates a significant failure to support BBB ethical principles in marketplace transactions (this requires a determination by BBB as to the nature of any violation, whether it was caused or condoned by management, and actions taken to resolve underlying issues that led to the government action).
                
4. Be free of an unsatisfactory rating and maintain at least a B rating at the accrediting BBB and the BBB where it is headquartered, if different.

                   5. In its relationship with BBB: 
1. meet all applicable standards within this Code of Business Practices

                            2. cooperate with BBB's activities and efforts to promote voluntary self- regulation within the business' industry
                        
3. honor any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process

                            4. complete the required application and pay all monetary obligations to BBB in a timely manner
                        









Advertise Honestly









            Adhere to established standards of advertising and selling.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Follow federal, state/provincial and local advertising laws.
                

                    2. Abide by the BBB Code of Advertising. Supply, upon request, substantiation for advertising and selling claims. Correct advertising and selling practices, when recommended by BBB.
                
3. Adhere to applicable BBB industry codes of advertising.
4. Cooperate with BBB self-regulatory programs for the resolution of advertising disputes.
5. Use the BBB name and logos in accordance with BBB policy.

                    6. Avoid misleading customers by creating the false impression of sponsorship, endorsement, popularity, trustworthiness, product quality or business size through the misuse of logos, trustmarks, pictures, testimonials, or other means
                







Tell the Truth









            Honestly represent products and services, including clear and adequate disclosures of all material terms.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Make known all material facts in both written and verbal representations, remembering that misrepresentation may result not only from direct statements but by omitting or obscuring relevant facts.
                

                    2. Ensure that any written materials are readily available, clear, accurate and complete.
                







Be Transparent









            Openly identify the nature, location, and ownership of the business, and clearly disclose all policies, guarantees and procedures that bear on a customer's decision to buy.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Upon request, provide BBB with all information required to evaluate compliance with BBB standards. This may include, but is not limited to business name, address and contact information; names and background of principles; business and banking references; licensing and/or professional accreditation; and a complete description of the nature of the business.
                

                    2. Clearly disclose to customers:

                    
1. direct and effective means to contact the business
2. terms of any written contract
3. any guarantees or warranties accompanying a product

                            4. any restrictions or limitations imposed (e.g. limited supply,maximum number available per customer)
                        
5. the business' return/refund policy

                            6. any recurring commitment into which the customer may be entering, including information on how future billing will occur
                        
7. total cost of the transaction, including tax, shipping and handling, and other related charges



                    3. If selling products or providing services on Web sites or via other electronic means: 
1. provide any required product labeling information

                            2. disclose the nature and terms of shipping, including any known delays or shortages of stock
                        
3. provide an opportunity to review and confirm the transaction before the sale is completed

                            4. provide a receipt summarizing the transaction after the purchase
                        









Honor Promises









            Abide by all written agreements and verbal representations.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 
1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached. 2. Honor representations by correcting mistakes as quickly as possible.







Be Responsive









            Address marketplace disputes quickly, professionally, and in good faith.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Promptly respond to all complaints forwarded by BBB by: 
1. Resolving the complaint directly with the complainant and notifying BBB, or

                            2. Providing BBB with a response that BBB determines: 

                                    1. is professional,
                                
2. addresses all of the issues raised by the complainant,
3. includes appropriate evidence and documents supporting the business' position, and

                                    4. explains why any relief sought by the complainant cannot or should not be granted.
                                





                    2. Make a good faith effort to resolve disputes, which includes mediation if requested by BBB. Other dispute resolution options, including arbitration, may be recommended by BBB when other efforts to resolve a dispute have failed. BBB may consider a business' willingness to participate in recommended dispute resolution options in determining compliance with these standards.
                

                    3. Comply with any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process.
                

                    4. Cooperate with BBB in efforts to eliminate the underlying cause of patterns of customer complaints that are identified by BBB.
                







Safeguard Privacy









            Protect any data collected against mishandling and fraud, collect personal information only as needed, and respect the preferences of customers regarding the use of their information.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Respect Privacy Businesses conducting e-commerce agree to disclose on their Web site the following: 
1. what information they collect,
2. with whom it is shared,
3. how it can be corrected,
4. how it is secured,

                            5. how policy changes will be communicated, and;
                        
6. how to address concerns over misuse of personal data.



                    2. Secure Sensitive Data Businesses that collect sensitive data online (credit card, bank account numbers, Social Security number, salary or other personal financial information, medical history or records, etc.) will ensure that it is transmitted via secure means.Businesses will make best efforts to comply with industry standards for the protection and proper disposal of all sensitive data, both online and offline.
                    
                

                    3. Honor Customer Preferences

                     Businesses agree to respect customer preferences regarding contact by telephone, fax and e-mail, and agree to remedy the underlying cause of any failure to do so.
                







Embody Integrity









            Approach all business dealings, marketplace transactions and commitments with integrity.
            
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to:
            
1. Avoid involvement, by the business or its principles, in activities that reflect unfavorably on, or otherwise adversely affect the public image of BBB or its accredited businesses.












BBB Accreditation Reviews

BBB routinely monitors its files on all Accredited Businesses to affirm that they continue to meet all BBB Accreditation Standards











BBB Accreditation Process


        Not every business is eligible for BBB Accreditation. Businesses must meet, commit to and maintain the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards) 
        in order to be eligible for and maintain BBB Accreditation. The BBB Code of Business Practices represents sound advertising, selling and customer
        service practices that enhance customer trust and confidence in business. The Code is built on the BBB Standards for Trust, eight principles that
        summarize important elements of creating and maintaining trust in business.
    

        In order to be eligible for Accreditation a business must complete an Accreditation application.        
    

        Upon receipt of a fully completed BBB Application for Accreditation, BBB staff:        
        
Reviews the application
Researches the business
Verifies the information presented in the application 
May request additional information
May request proof of specific information on the application

        After the review and verification process, BBB will then evaluate if the business meets the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards)..
    
    
        Once BBB has finished its evaluation, the application for BBB Accreditation is either approved or denied. If the applicant is found in compliance with the BBB Code of Business Practices it will be presented to the BBB Board of Directors, or a committee of that board, for final approval. If the application is denied, BBB will contact the applicant, indicating the BBB Standard(s) that were not met and any recourse available to the applicant.        
    
















Bill Duncan's Air Conditioning & Heating






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        












 




                Bill Duncan's Air Conditioning & Heating
            
BBB ACCREDITATION SINCE 02/28/2011










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    



75%


25%




[3] Positive Reviews



[0] Neutral Reviews



[1] Negative Reviews



[4] Total Customer Reviews
                        




                        This business has no complaints filed
                    









Composite Score:





                        Bill Duncan's Air Conditioning & Heating has received 4.67 out of 5 stars based on 4 Customer Reviews and a BBB Rating of A+.
                        






                            Comprised of 67% BBB Rating and 33% Customer Review Rating.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business. The Customer Review
                            Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive, neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                        

                            The BBB letter grade represents the BBB's opinion of how the business is likely to interact with its customers.
                            The BBB grade is based on BBB file information about the business.
                            In some cases, a business' grade may be lowered if the BBB does not have sufficient
                            information about the business despite BBB's requests for that information from the business.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating plus the BBB Rating is not a guarantee of a business'
                            reliability or performance. BBB recommends that consumers consider a business'
                            BBB Rating and Customer Review Rating in addition to all other available information
                            about the business.
                        









        Request a Quote
    






Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print









































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 





























 

















Duncan J. Billing  - Business District
























































Business District











Duncan J. Billing



Hasbro Inc.

Duncan J. Billing became Chief Development Officer of Hasbro in 2007. In this capacity, he leads the company’s product development efforts and IP strategy. He also has a key role in guiding a new and integrated global IP and product development strategy focusing on opportunities to re-imagine, re-invent and re-ignite Hasbro’s unmatched brand portfolio.  Other positions Billing has held at the company include:  Chief Marketing Officer of U.S. Toys Brands, Group Director, Sales and Marketing, for its UK subsidiary; in the US management of many of Hasbro’s brands such as: MY LITTLE PONY, TONKA, G.I. JOE, TRANSFORMERS and NERF. Billing has been with the company since 1988.
<–Back to Business Leaders B










 
  Recent Posts 

John McCain Returning to Washington for Vote on Healthcare Bill


Favorite New York Hot Dog Recalled as “Health Hazard”


OMAM CEO Peter Bain Resigns


Unexpected Slowing of US Economy Worries Wall Street


Toledo Museum of Art Exhibiting the Work of the Anonymous 5th Century, BC Berlin Painter


  
EditorsAlison Meadows
James Cannon
 












