






BIM Solutions - Home


















 

















HomeProducts & ServicesTestimonialsWhat's NewAbout UsContact Us



























BIM Solutions

BIM Solutions























 Welcome to BIM Solutions.  


 
Our key differentiator for client is our knowledge and experience in the space of Big Data, Machine Learning, S/4HANA, SAP
BPC/IBP, SAP BI/BW and new products like Simple Finance and Logistics in S/4HANA. If you have a right problem to solve in SAP, we will find the right answer for you with our dedicated experts to
match your needs.

 

We also provide IT infrastructure, Security, and End to End IT Solutions and Support Services through our dedicated practice to help
stabilize your environment, and keep the "lights on” in a cost efficient way.

 

At BIM Solutions the customer always comes first, and we constantly strive to exceed your expectations with our wide range of
consulting experience and deep knowledge in various industries and domains.


Once we take your assignment in our hand, we will solve it right for you.  







 Want to know more about our business and the services we offer? Get detailed information here.﻿ Learn more about
us and meet our dedicated staff members. We're looking forward to serving you!﻿-(delete)  










 Where to Find Us:  BIM Solutions
13 Amistad
Irvine, CA 92620
Phone: +1 949- 231-0143
E-Mail: sales@bims-inc.com  


 What's New  New Details are coming soon  




















                    Print                 |
Sitemap
 © BIM Solutions
            




                    Login                

Web ViewMobile View

Logout |
Edit page















 






BIM Homes, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 11:17 AM ET
Household Durables

Company Overview of BIM Homes, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
BIM Homes, Inc., a development stage company, focuses on planning and permitting the development of homes on in-fill lots. The company was founded in 2005 and is based in New York, New York.


40 Wall Street28th FloorNew York, NY 10005United StatesFounded in 2005



Phone: 646-481-9671








Key Executives for BIM Homes, Inc.




Mr. Milan Saha


      	CEO, President, Secretary, Treasurer & Director
      


Age: 40
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

BIM Homes, Inc. Key Developments

BIM Homes, Inc. Auditor Raises 'Going Concern' Doubt
May 19 17
BIM Homes, Inc. filed its 10-K on May 19, 2017 for the period ending Dec 31, 2016. In this report its auditor, Russell Bedford Stefanou Mirchandani LLP - RBSM LLP, gave an unqualified opinion expressing doubt that the company can continue as a going concern.


BIM Homes, Inc. announced delayed 10-Q filing
May 15 17
On 05/15/2017, BIM Homes, Inc. announced that they will be unable to file their next 10-Q by the deadline required by the SEC.


BIM Homes, Inc. Announces Auditor Changes
Apr 13 17
BIM Homes, Inc. engaged RBSM, LLP as its independent accounting firm and dismissed Salberg & Company, P.A. from that role. The change in accountants was recommended and approved by the Company's Board of Directors.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 'boutKIDS, Inc. United States 2000 Concrete, LLC United States 2849 Coconut, LLC United States 3 Day Blinds LLC United States 3-D ImageTek Corporation United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      August 19, 2016
			    
--



Merger/Acquisition

			      August 19, 2016
			    
--



Merger/Acquisition

			      August 19, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact BIM Homes, Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close













































BIM for Home Builders | Pro Builder































PRODUCTSProfessional BuilderProfessional RemodelerCustom Builder 

Sign up for FREE Newsletters








HOUSING GIANTSDESIGN TRENDSBUILDING SCIENCENEW PRODUCTS 


Search form

Search 





 






Search form

Search 





 



PRODUCTSProfessional BuilderHOUSING GIANTSDESIGN TRENDSBUILDING SCIENCENEW PRODUCTSProfessional RemodelerCustom Builder 












 



Search form

Search 





 




























 



 



 

























BIM for Home Builders



   

Tweet




















Building SoftwareProponents of building information modeling software, like Warren Buffett, say now is the time for home builders to adopt the technology.
By Peter Fabris, Contributing EditorMarch 01, 2010A new home has risen in a fancy new development, but it contains a flaw that is embarrassing and aggravating for the home builder’s project manager. A window intersects with a roof line — a formula for leaks into a second-story bedroom. It’s the type of mistake that is all too common in the industry. The window must be moved, a costly fix.
During a period when profit margins are tighter than ever, this kind of error eats away at the bottom line. Builders have longed for a system that can prevent such profit-stealing construction flaws, and in recent years have heard that building information modeling (BIM) is the answer. According to the sales pitch, BIM will not only drastically reduce design flaws and change orders, but will also enable home builders to increase productivity in design and drafting, reduce overbuying of materials and estimate costs more precisely — all of which will significantly boost profit margins.
Already a success in commercial construction, BIM has not been widely adopted to date by home builders. Many feel that the technology hasn’t been tailored for the challenges of home-building’s rapid scheduling. But that sentiment is beginning to change.
With recent upgrades of leading BIM systems, making them better suited to home building, is it time for the industry to get serious about BIM?
Some are saying “yes.” Among them is Warren Buffett, chairman of Berkshire Hathaway, one of the most successful investors in history. The Oracle of Omaha is so bullish on BIM that he acquired software developer and BIM service provider Simpad/Blackpoint Builder Services, now a subsidiary of one of his holdings, MiTek. Buffett also authored a book touting BIM to home builders.
“We are making an investment in assisting a limited number of home-building companies to automate their CAD production and estimating processes,” Buffett wrote in the book, which was distributed to CEOs of the nation’s 50 largest home builders. “They will quickly realize the cost savings. The quality and accuracy of their design and construction process will be better than ever before, and they’ll be delivered in a much shorter period of time.” 
BIM is commonly used in the design of major high-rise office towers, bridges, power plants and other complex projects with long timeframes. Architects, engineers, construction management firms and owners have reported notable results in improved efficiency on commercial and public works projects, and BIM is on its way to becoming an industry staple.
While many people define BIM as 3D design software, in order to get the most out of the technology, it is better to think of it as a system to manage a construction project from beginning to end. “People vary in their use of the term,” says Ross Theilen, general manager of structural frame software for iLevel by Weyerhaeuser. “It’s not just a software application; it’s a mechanism for collaboration among platforms.”
BIM 3D design tools represent elements of a home design as objects. The objects can be reused in multiple designs, saving time in the drafting process. Additionally, by presenting design in 3D, it’s a lot easier to catch conflicts such as a window intersecting with a roof line. But more than that, on a BIM object of a window, for example, the designer can attach data including the size, type of glass, whether a screen is included and the window brand, to the 3D depiction. Then this information can be fed into an estimating component to obtain the unit price.
Analyze all of the windows in this way and you can get the total cost of all of the windows in the home. You can also try alternative window types and brands to find out how they would impact the overall cost. If you repeat the process with all of the elements of a home, you can come up with a reliable cost estimate of all materials to be used in the project. Then, ideally, the 3D plans and related construction documents such as bills of materials can be accessed by all suppliers and subcontractors over the Web. Thus, everyone can work from the same set of plans and data without having to do any redrawing or transposing.
Indeed, BIM promises much more than a fancy-looking electronic blueprint. It can be a valuable aid in making strategic decisions. This is the long-term vision for BIM, anyway, though very few home builders have achieved such an advanced degree of integration.
In order to maximize BIM’s benefits, builders should use it as part of a Lean building process. Lean building is a project management approach that attempts to wring out waste such as overbuying of materials and to reduce errors that lead to change orders — and higher costs. 
“Beginning with the crash of 2006, builders have become increasingly desperate to reduce costs and have pushed themselves to the limit, yet we see them walk right past some of their greatest savings opportunities,” says Scott Sedam, president of TrueNorth Development and a Lean building guru. “There is a gold mine sitting right under their noses, yet builders fail to tap it because they don’t know how to identify, measure and track waste. Most who do see it simply assume these costs are just part of doing business, or are just too difficult to deal with.”
According to industry consultant Chuck Shinn, builders can improve profits from 2 percent to 10 percent just by streamlining management systems. Adding BIM 3D design software alone, however, will not cut all that fat from the building process.
“Just because you have a 3D model, if you don’t know how to leverage it, it’s not going to do you a lot of good,” says Tim Beckman, partner with CG Visions, a BIM development and implementation consulting firm. To get the most out of BIM, the design software must work seamlessly with estimating tools, and produce usable construction documents for suppliers and subcontractors.
The major players in BIM software and services have focused recently on making it easier for clients to leverage the technology beyond design and drafting. Simpad/Blackpoint Builder Services, for instance, offers a collaboration portal that allows trade partners and contractors access to clients’ BIM plans and documents through a secure Web site. In addition, Simpad’s technology, which is built to work with Autodesk's AutoCAD and Revit, is now integrated with MiTek’s truss ordering system, eliminating the need for the truss manufacturer to rework designs. This not only speeds up the process but also diminishes the possibility of inaccuracies during truss manufacturing.
Another example of multi-partner cooperation is Cadsoft’s Envisioneer and Weyerhaeuser’s iJavelin integration that allows designers to model complete structural frames, including the floor, wall and roof systems, and send them along with materials lists directly to a lumberyard for fabrication. This, too, eliminates the need for redrawing plans and transposing data.
“The lumberyard can cut pieces to the exact length and cut holes for the plumbing elements,” says Theilen. “Everything can be labeled so that it can be put together like a jigsaw puzzle on site.” 
There are other instances of collaboration between software vendors, and you can expect more of them to be announced. It’s in everyone’s interest for all of the various players along the supply chain to participate in BIM, because each participant stands to improve efficiency. The more players involved, the more benefits for all. This process will take some years to fully develop, though.
Recent improvements in BIM products are making more builders take the technology seriously, but there remains plenty of skepticism. Doug Smith, now executive director of estimating with BSB Design, Dallas, led a multi-year BIM initiative for his former employer, Centex, that was halted in 2008. The home builder had decided that BIM required too much training and did not improve plans and estimates enough to make it worthwhile. Smith still holds that view. “To where BIM has developed thus far, it is too time-consuming and not accurate enough for home builders,” he says.
But Smith’s former employer — Pulte Homes, which acquired Centex — is about to jump wholeheartedly into the BIM world. In 2008, “the value-add on the estimating side wasn’t really there,” says Scott Thomas, Pulte’s national director of production. Since then, the tools have improved to the point where the company is now evaluating which ones to embrace, not whether to buy into the concept at all.
The ranks of builders adopting BIM are growing, but implementation isn’t a fast or easy process. It’s essential to take a phased approach to implementing BIM tools and processes, and to allow enough time for staff to get up to speed with the software and procedures. “Initially, it looks expensive and difficult to implement,” CG’s Beckman says. “But you can do it in progressive steps. You can start with the product document set and leverage it to do other things later.”
A big challenge to Veridian Homes’ BIM implementation was allowing time for training while keeping up with production demands, says Dan Gorski, vice president of home-building services for the Madison, Wis., company. Veridian’s owners were strongly committed to BIM, including making sure staff was well trained, which was essential to success, Gorski says.
“A key was finding a trainer that worked best with our team,” Gorski says. The trainer provided a two-week course for the design team onsite, then followed that up with visits for one week a month for six months to provide one-on-one coaching. Making sure that the trainer had a good rapport with staff was crucial, Gorksi says.
For Grant Giese, president of Green Goose Homes, based in Lafayette, Ind., there is no need to convert 2D plans to 3D, or revamp legacy estimating systems. The company is a start-up that will use BIM from inception. Giese says his biggest challenge will be working with suppliers and subcontractors who are mostly unfamiliar with BIM. “They are still going to want to do things their way,” Giese says. He’s ready to make a strong case to them, however. Suppliers will be enthused by the prospect of fewer material returns, he believes.
Thomas senses less opposition from Pulte’s trading partners than even a couple of years ago, partially due to the struggling economy. “They are more willing to do these things today than they were a few years ago, when everybody was making money,” he says. Some trades like component manufacturers will get on board early, while others, such as mechanical contractors that do their own designs, will lag.
Different home builders have different ways of designing elements and recording data. But software doesn’t work well when there are conflicting standards. In some cases, builders have to conform their methods to work with BIM.
Leslie Day, president of Inland Homebuilding Group of Tampa, Fla., which is implementing BIM using Simpad’s Blackpoint, says her company has had to adapt some internal processes to fit the specifications of the system. “Our biggest challenge right now is taking the way we bid and adjusting it to Blackpoint’s format,” she says.
Making sure that all of a builder’s suppliers and contractors use and understand designs, estimating methods and other data points the same way is another complication when tackling BIM. Brookfield Homes Southland of Costa Mesa, Calif., hires multiple architecture firms, each with slightly different ways of presenting designs. For example, “Each one has a different style of representing MEP systems,” says Chris Formes, Brookfield’s IT manager. That will soon change, as the company is now requiring its architects to adopt a standard approach.

 

Tips on adopting BIM in your business
Be realistic with the timetable. While BIM can help transform the business with badly needed cost-saving capabilities, remember that people need time to adjust to change. Trying to do too much too fast is a recipe for failure. Use a phased-in approach with realistic benchmarks.
Don’t skimp on training. The more proficient your staff is with the software, the higher the return on your BIM investment, so budget enough money and time for training. “You have to maintain your commitment to training even while you have production demands,” advises Dan Gorski, Veridian Homes’ vice president of home-building services.
Consider outside help. The initial stages of converting 2D plans to 3D and setting up the related systems that provide estimating data and construction documents are labor-intensive. “We would have needed to increase staff dramatically to bring the new platform online,” says Jim Risch, director of architecture for DeLuca Homes, based in Yardley, Pa. DeLuca’s solution was to hire consultant CG Visions of Lafayette, Ind., to assist in the move to the new platform. “They helped us set up libraries, material databases and output formats,” says Risch.
Standardize at the outset. Design specifications, estimating methods and other key data points must be developed consistently across the company and throughout the supply chain. This includes architecture consultants, subcontractors and suppliers. The sooner in the implementation process that these standards are harmonized, the better.
Develop a sales pitch for suppliers/partners. Be prepared with some salesmanship to persuade suppliers and contractors that participating in your BIM plan will benefit them, too. In a nutshell: Suppliers will have fewer material returns and contractors won’t have to spend as much time correcting design mistakes in the field.


 
Colorado builder implements building information modeling
In 2009, while most home builders would have been thrilled just to match the previous year’s sales, Oakwood Homes sold 330 homes, a big jump from 187 in 2008. The impressive results can be directly attributed to a new business strategy in which BIM plays an essential role.
 Late in 2008, the Colorado builder decided that it had to reduce its price for entry-level homes from $190,000 to $150,000 in order to meet the demands of a changing market. Reduced price points meant reduced profit margins, so cutting costs was critical. Oakwood needed to scale back the size of these entry-level homes from 2,000 square feet to 1,400 square feet to make a profit at the new price point. 
Also critical to gaining competitive advantage was to be able to offer customers a wider variety of options for base home designs. “A lot of builders are looking to offer fewer options to reduce costs,” says Don Carpenter, Oakwood’s director of product development. “A lot of our competitors are looking to limit choice, while we’re looking to expand options.”
Converting their designs to a BIM platform using Autodesk’s Revit and Simpad’s Blackpoint Builder Services was the first step. Using BIM models, Oakwood has been able to accurately gauge its unit costs, which gives the company the ability to obtain accurate costs on base homes and many options. Thus, the company can figure its profit margin on every site-specific plan at the onset of the project.
Also, option pricing can be adjusted quickly when the price of materials changes. Oakwood’s sister company manufactures housing components used in its designs. “Our component factory lives and breathes costs; they work with materials every day,” Carpenter points out. When the sister company finds a good deal on a certain brand of, say, insulation, the new price can be automatically reflected on all plans throughout the design database. Then Oakwood’s designs can be switched to the bargain brand of insulation to reap the savings.
“All of us are operating with slimmer margins,” Carpenter says. “The ability to measure and manage costs is critical — a matter of survival.”
BIM is essential for accurately gauging costs, he adds. “Builders that are going to be successful will switch to this. Others are going to struggle.”



									BIM providers for the home-building market
Ameri-CAD
Provider of 2D and 3D architectural services and software solutions
Argos Systems
Developer of Vertex BD software, a 3D design/BIM package
Autodesk
Developer of AutoCAD and Revit
Cadsoft
Developer of Envisioneer software
CG Visions
BIM technology, development and implementation consulting firm
iLevel by Weyerhaeuser
Products include 3D structural framing software
Simpad/Blackpoint Builder Services
Provider of BIM and Lean modeling services
Softplan Systems
Developer of residential and light commercial CAD design software


 





 


More like this

Technology Report: Building better with BIM
In the Trenches with BIM
5 ways home builders can benefit from BIM
Home Building: Breaking Down BIM
Defining BIM: Vision meets reality
 








Comments on: "BIM for Home Builders"


 



 











 




SUBSCRIBE      




 


Point Of View



Got a story you want to share with PB readers? Write ddersin@sgcmail.com or aalbert@sgcmail.com



  
 The Future of Homebuilding Is in Good Hands 
 July 25, 2017 
 By: Denise Dersin  
 The working world is rife with stereotypes about Millennial employees: They’re entitled, they prefer texting to talking, and they want a trophy for just showing up.  


more Point of View blogs

 


Ask Mollie




  
 Making the Most of Social Media 
  
 By: Mollie Elkman 
 Q.  My sales person seems to be doing a good job with our social media, but how can I tell for sure?
—Builder, La.
  


more

 


Blogs




  
 Go With The Flow 
 July 14, 2017 
 By: Susan Bady  
 When we are completely focused on a task, we’re said to be “in the zone.” I call it being on a roll, and once it kicks in I can write for hours without a break, and invariably I do my best work.  


more blogs

 


Videos




 


 
 Vic Remmers 
   


More Videos

 



 



 


SUBSCRIBE TODAY



Enter your email address here to be automatically subscribed to our daily newsletter!



Email Address *



First Name *



Last Name *



Company *



Title *



 PB Daily Feed 


 PB Design Innovation Newsletter 


 K+B Design Studio 





 PB Featured Case Study 


 PB Video Alert 


 PB Blog Alert 


 PB Product Spotlight 






 



PB-Building Software 


Video Categories


Main Video PageBusiness ManagementMarketingSalesBuilding MaterialsBuilding TechnologyDesignInside Video SeriesProductsShow Village
 


















 July 2017
This Month in Professional Builder 


  
 
DIGITAL EDITION 
 Products 
 
 Features 


 A Warmer Spin On Modern Architecture 
 Modern homes have come a long way from the cold white boxes of the...  

  

 













close [x]
 


 







Overlay Init 












    BMHM Key Statistics - BIM Homes Inc. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







London Markets Close in:



Currencies
Futures
Metals Stocks


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































BIM Homes Inc.

                  OTC: BMHM
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

BIM Homes Inc.



Market open
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min



BMHM

/quotes/zigman/72554212/delayed


$
0.00




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume n/a
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/72554212/delayed
Previous close

$



$
				0.00
			
Change

0.00
0.00%





Day low
Day high
n/a
n/a


52 week low
52 week high

            n/a
        

            n/a
        

















Valuation
Efficiency


Profitability
Capital Structure




      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Milan  Saha 
39
2016
President, CEO, Secretary, Treasurer & Director





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}



/news/latest/company/us/bmhm

      MarketWatch News on BMHM
    
No News currently available for BMHM





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/bmhm

      Other News on BMHM
    




 10-Q: BIM HOMES, INC.
11:01 a.m. May 22, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-K: BIM HOMES, INC.
2:02 p.m. May 19, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





A Chinese Infrastructure Deal Sits on Shaky Ground

4:48 p.m. Nov. 22, 2016
 - Barrons.com




 10-Q: BIM HOMES, INC.
12:33 p.m. Nov. 16, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: BIM HOMES, INC.
3:07 p.m. Aug. 15, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)














At a Glance

BIM Homes, Inc.
3136 Mission Gorge Road
Suite 111

San Diego, California 92120




Phone
1 8584591133


Industry
Shell companies


Sector
Business/Consumer Services


Fiscal Year-end
12/2015


View SEC Filings




Revenue
$0.00


Net Income
$-258.00


Employees

        -


Annual Report for BMHM











/news/pressrelease/company/us/bmhm

      Press Releases on BMHM
    
No News currently available for BMHM







Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




11:17 AM EDT
July 26, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
11:16aIf the stock market can make you rich, why are so many Americans poor?
11:15aThe allure of ‘damaged’ stocks as tech mania goes wild
11:09aWithout irony, Wal-Mart offers ideas to boost U.S. manufacturing sector
11:09aBoeing shares soar to record after ‘close to perfect’ earnings report
11:05aFed to stick to plans for rate hike, balance-sheet selloff this year
11:02aWhen should you make ‘course corrections’ to your retirement plan?
10:56aStock market drives to records after strong earnings
10:54aBREAKINGBoeing's record stock rally adds 120 points to Dow
10:43aNew-home sales tread water, miss Wall Street estimates
10:42a6 jobs where workers are most likely to have diabetes
10:38aOil nears two-month high as EIA reports a drop in U.S. crude supplies for fourth week in a row
10:37aGold slides for a third day in lead-up to Fed policy update
10:37aWhat Republican health proposals remain after one vote failed | Ousting Mueller would be inappropriate: poll      
10:37aIt was a record-setting week for people trying to take guns on planes
10:34aU.S. gasoline supplies fall by 1 million barrels: EIA
10:34aU.S. crude-oil inventories down 7.2 million barrels last week: EIA
10:34aSept. WTI crude trades at $48.43/bbl on Nymex, up from $48.13 before supply data
10:34aU.S. distillate stockpiles down 1.9  million barrels: EIA
10:30aChipotle shares down 1.1% in Wednesday trading
10:30aThis is what it will take for bitcoin to become a legit currency 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,722.46

+109.03
+0.50%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.09

+9.92
+0.15%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,479.05

+1.92
+0.08%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15





























































Virtual Construction and Technologies BIM One Inc.



























































































Architects & Engineers


                                Empowering you to design better building and build better practices with Building Information Modeling (BIM)
                            










Contractors & Manufacturers


                                Simplifying the difficult and automating the mundane to help you construct amazing projects, on-time and under budget with virtual design and construction (VDC)
                            










Owners & Operators


                                Turning building data into operational knowledge to realize long-term capital goals with Building Information Management ( BIM ) and lean management principles
                            










Cities & Urban Planners


                                Empowering you to design sustainable cities and build better practices with city information modeling (CIM)
                            












BIM One Mission
Virtual construction and technology






Download our free apps to start using technologies to streamline your projects and empower your processes with technologies.



Virtual construction and technology BIM One offers consulting services solutions for better buildings and project coordination for BIM experts by BIM experts.  We streamline processes by using cutting edge technologies and custom-made softwares that fit your exact needs. 
From a project BIM Audit to the deployment of a custom software, BIM One allows for faster project deliveries, prompt execution of complex projects and better cost control. 
We aim to empower architects and engineers to design better buildings and build better practices with Building Information Modeling (BIM).
We want to simplify the difficult and automate the mundane to help contractors and manufacturers to construct amazing projects, on-time and under budget with Virtual Design and Construction (VDC).
We wish to turn building data into operational knowledge so that owners and operators can realize long-term capital goals with Building Information Management (BIM) and lean management principles.
We’re driven by empowering cities and urban planners to design sustainable cities and build better practices with City Information Modeling (CIM).










Services
We strive to streamline your processes with technology










Projects
We use technology to deliver projects faster and overcome the most complex situations.

BIM Management
BIM Execution Plan
BIM Coordination & Clash Detection
BIM Scheduling Analysis
4D Simulation
5D Quantity Take-off & Cost Analysis
Model Authoring
Documentation
Procedural modeling
Visual programing












Implementation
Our platform neutral approach to technology implementation focuses on your most important technological asset: your people.

Project BIM Audit
BIM/CIM/VDC Training
Content Development
Standards Development












Strategy
We focus your strategic investments to avoid technological hype and achieve results.

Organisation BIM Audit
	Infrastructure & Technology Audit
	Staffing
	Delivery Processus
	Public Tender












Software
When out-of-the-box software doesn’t cut it, we develop custom software solutions for your outside-the-box problems.

Prototyping
Planning
Design
Customization
Deployment
Support and Maintenance










See all services










Our clients
CLIENTS WHO TRUSTED US TO HELP THEM ACHIEVE THEIR VISION







































































































See all customers









Download our apps
Our apps are developed by BIM Experts, for BIM Experts





                        Below you can find our free apps. Download the Addins Manager, log in, install the apps and start using them!
                    


                                Clash Sphere Generator - Import clashes from Naviswork to Revit
                            

                                Excel Import / Export - Synchronize data back and forth between Revit and Excel
                            

                                Color Splasher - Visualize and verify the information in a model with color
                            

                                NWC Batch Export - Export your Revit 3D views in batch to Navisworks
                            

                            More than 40 FREE Case Inc Apps


                            BIM Track® Apps available
                        







Create Account|Forgot your password ?





See all apps












Contact us



 1-844-246-6631


 info@bimone.com


 Map and Directions











Subscribe
to our newsletter



 
Email address





 











Customers


Architects & Engineers


Contractors & Manufacturers


Owners & Operators


Cities & Urban Planners






Services


Projects


Implementation


Strategy


Software


Training






Links


Services


Apps


Team


Careers






Contact us


 1-844-246-6631


 info@bimone.com


 Map and Directions




















ARCAT | Free Building Product CAD Details, BIM, Specs and much more











































                        ×
                    
Contact Form




                            Thanks for your interest in Arcat. Please use this form
                            if you have any questions or comments about our website
                            and we'll get back with you very soon.
                        








Name





Email





Comments







Your comment was submitted.


                            Thank you for your comment and your continued support.
                        

                            We will continue to create, refine and improve ARCAT tools with your insightful input.
                            In fact, a couple days ago an architect from Texas suggested we format our csi division pages (division 04) so that, visually, it is easier to find the section you are looking for.
                            So, your great ideas will save you and your fellow AEC professional time and make you more efficient.
                        

                            Thanks again,
                            ARCAT geeks
                        



Your request has been sent to the Manufacturer.


                            Thanks again,
                            ARCAT
                        




                        Close
                    

                        Submit
                    























CHARRETTE LOGIN


Switch Master Format:
95 |
                                2016













CHARRETTE LOGIN


Switch Master Format:
95 |
                        2016










Toggle navigation



















CAD/BIM
CAD / BIM

CAD Drawings
BIM Files



SPECS

Specifications
SpecWizard
Short Form Specs
Outline Specs



Bldg Products
Building Products

CSI Divisions
Building Product Categories



CATALOGS/VIDS
CATALOGS / VIDEOS

Catalogs / Brochures
Directory of 100's Products
Videos



OTHER

Charrette Projects

Continuing education
Green / LEED
News
Architectural Resources

Manufacturers Click Here
Feedback / Comments
About Arcat



































ABOUT ARCAT Video


								ARCAT.com, the most used building product information website, is FREE to use and with no registration required.

Specifications - The most up to date library with 1405 specifications
CAD Details - 15,061 details in DWG and other formats
SpecWizard - A valuable tool for any spec writer, SpecWizard automatically configures a  complete CSI 3-Part formatted specification in just minutes
BIM - 7,673 data-rich BIM objects and systems, all available in RFA, RVT, DWG and in Revit 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017 formats
Green Reports - Green building product information with LEED data

eCatalogs - Manufacturer online product catalogs
Charrette - Create a project, assign tasks, share and collaborate with colleagues and clients in real time.
Videos - Promotional and instructional videos of manufacturers and their products
ARCAT App - The mobile version of ARCAT.com, is available in formats for iOS and Android mobile devices.








New Products and Updates
SPECS / CAD / BIM
26JULYNABCO Entrances Inc. has 4 NEW CAD for Hermetic DoorsProfileInfoE-mail
26JULYAMBICO LIMITED has 29 NEW CAD for Acoustic Steel Door and Frame AssembliesProfileInfoE-mail
26JULYXypex Chemical Corp. has a NEW SpecWizard for Integral Waterproofing of ConcreteProfileInfoE-mail
25JULYCEMCO has 34 NEW BIM for FramingProfileInfoE-mail
25JULYMajestic has a NEW SpecWizard for Gas FireplacesProfileInfoE-mail
PRODUCTS
26JULYNABCO Entrances Inc. posted a NEW video for NABCO NAX DoorProfileInfoE-mail
26JULYNABCO Entrances Introduces NAX Hermetic DoorProfileInfoE-mail
26JULYAutoGate crosses 10,000 systems sold  milestone!ProfileInfoE-mail
25JULYDoor Systems posted a NEW video for Integrated Doors and Smoke Curtain TechnologyProfileInfoE-mail
25JULYRoseburg posted 10 NEW catalogs for Glued-Laminated ConstructionProfileInfoE-mail
MORE NEWS 











                    © 2017 Arcat, Inc.  All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
                    and Privacy Policy are applicable to you.
                



LINKS
Apps
Podcasts
Go Green




ABOUT
Arcat
News
Manufacturers Area











LINKS
Apps
Podcasts
Go Green




ABOUT
Arcat
News
Manufacturers Area




                    © 2015 Arcat, Inc.  All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
                    and Privacy Policy apply to you.
                




































































Bim Homes, Inc.














































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog











Related Companies

1347 Capital Corp
1st NRG Corp.
24Holdings Inc
2Ksounds Corp
51143 Inc.
51144 Inc.
51149 Inc
5V Inc.
8888 Acquisition CORP
AJ Acquisition Corp I, Inc.
AJ Acquisition Corp. II, Inc.
AMERICAN LASER HEALTHCARE Corp
AMERICATOWNE Inc.
AOTS 30, Inc.
ASM Acquisition CO LTD



        More Related Companies
      





Home



Sample Contracts



By Company


Bim Homes, Inc.




Bim Homes, Inc.





      Loading...
    





Standard IndustryClassification
Blank checksAddress

6136 Mission Gorge Road, San Diego, CA 92120
Phone
8584591133



Sample Contracts



Bim Homes, Inc. –
Amendment to Class B Warrant to Purchase Common Stock
(August 25th, 2016)
This Amendment (this "Amendment") is entered into as of August 19, 2016, by and between BIM Homes, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and RNG Studios, Inc. (the "Holder") to that certain Class B Warrant Certificate for the Purchase of Shares of Common Stock of the Company dated June 17, 2016 issued by the Company to the Holder (the "Class B Warrant"). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Class B Warrant.



Bim Homes, Inc. –
Amendment to Class D Warrant to Purchase Common Stock
(August 25th, 2016)
This Amendment (this "Amendment") is entered into as of August 19, 2016, by and between BIM Homes, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and Armada Enterprises GP, LLC (the "Holder") to that certain Class D Warrant Certificate for the Purchase of Shares of Common Stock of the Company dated June 17, 2016 issued by the Company to the Holder (the "Class D Warrant"). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Class D Warrant.



Bim Homes, Inc. –
Amendment to Class D Warrant to Purchase Common Stock
(August 25th, 2016)
This Amendment (this "Amendment") is entered into as of August 19, 2016, by and between BIM Homes, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and MC 2 Consulting, Inc. (the "Holder") to that certain Class D Warrant Certificate for the Purchase of Shares of Common Stock of the Company dated June 17, 2016 issued by the Company to the Holder (the "Class D Warrant"). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Class D Warrant.



Bim Homes, Inc. –
Amendment to Class E Warrant to Purchase Common Stock
(August 25th, 2016)
This Amendment (this "Amendment") is entered into as of August 19, 2016, by and between BIM Homes, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and MC 2 Consulting, Inc. (the "Holder") to that certain Class E Warrant Certificate for the Purchase of Shares of Common Stock of the Company dated June 17, 2016 issued by the Company to the Holder (the "Class E Warrant"). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Class E Warrant.



Bim Homes, Inc. –
Amendment to Class a Warrant to Purchase Common Stock
(August 25th, 2016)
This Amendment (this "Amendment") is entered into as of August 19, 2016, by and between BIM Homes, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and Armada Enterprises GP, LLC (the "Holder") to that certain Class A Warrant Certificate for the Purchase of Shares of Common Stock of the Company dated June 17, 2016 issued by the Company to the Holder (the "Class A Warrant"). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Class A Warrant.



Bim Homes, Inc. –
Amendment to Class D Warrant to Purchase Common Stock
(August 25th, 2016)
This Amendment (this "Amendment") is entered into as of August 19, 2016, by and between BIM Homes, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and Jason Offenhartz (the "Holder") to that certain Class D Warrant Certificate for the Purchase of Shares of Common Stock of the Company dated June 17, 2016 issued by the Company to the Holder (the "Class D Warrant"). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Class D Warrant.



Bim Homes, Inc. –
Amendment to Class a Warrant to Purchase Common Stock
(August 25th, 2016)
This Amendment (this "Amendment") is entered into as of August 19, 2016, by and between BIM Homes, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and RNG Studios, Inc. (the "Holder") to that certain Class A Warrant Certificate for the Purchase of Shares of Common Stock of the Company dated June 17, 2016 issued by the Company to the Holder (the "Class A Warrant"). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Class A Warrant.



Bim Homes, Inc. –
Amendment to Class D Warrant to Purchase Common Stock
(August 25th, 2016)
This Amendment (this "Amendment") is entered into as of August 19, 2016, by and between BIM Homes, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and RNG Studios, Inc. (the "Holder") to that certain Class D Warrant Certificate for the Purchase of Shares of Common Stock of the Company dated June 17, 2016 issued by the Company to the Holder (the "Class D Warrant"). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Class D Warrant.



Bim Homes, Inc. –
Amendment to Class B Warrant to Purchase Common Stock
(August 25th, 2016)
This Amendment (this "Amendment") is entered into as of August 19, 2016, by and between BIM Homes, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and MC 2 Consulting, Inc. (the "Holder") to that certain Class B Warrant Certificate for the Purchase of Shares of Common Stock of the Company dated June 17, 2016 issued by the Company to the Holder (the "Class B Warrant"). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Class B Warrant.



Bim Homes, Inc. –
Amendment to Class C Warrant to Purchase Common Stock
(August 25th, 2016)
This Amendment (this "Amendment") is entered into as of August 19, 2016, by and between BIM Homes, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and MC 2 Consulting, Inc. (the "Holder") to that certain Class C Warrant Certificate for the Purchase of Shares of Common Stock of the Company dated June 17, 2016 issued by the Company to the Holder (the "Class C Warrant"). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Class C Warrant.



Bim Homes, Inc. –
Amendment to Class C Warrant to Purchase Common Stock
(August 25th, 2016)
This Amendment (this "Amendment") is entered into as of August 19, 2016, by and between BIM Homes, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and RNG Studios, Inc. (the "Holder") to that certain Class C Warrant Certificate for the Purchase of Shares of Common Stock of the Company dated June 17, 2016 issued by the Company to the Holder (the "Class C Warrant"). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Class C Warrant.



Bim Homes, Inc. –
Amendment to Class a Warrant to Purchase Common Stock
(August 25th, 2016)
This Amendment (this "Amendment") is entered into as of August 19, 2016, by and between BIM Homes, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and Jason Offenhartz (the "Holder") to that certain Class A Warrant Certificate for the Purchase of Shares of Common Stock of the Company dated June 17, 2016 issued by the Company to the Holder (the "Class A Warrant"). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Class A Warrant.



Bim Homes, Inc. –
Amendment to Class C Warrant to Purchase Common Stock
(August 25th, 2016)
This Amendment (this "Amendment") is entered into as of August 19, 2016, by and between BIM Homes, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and Armada Enterprises GP, LLC (the "Holder") to that certain Class C Warrant Certificate for the Purchase of Shares of Common Stock of the Company dated June 17, 2016 issued by the Company to the Holder (the "Class C Warrant"). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Class C Warrant.



Bim Homes, Inc. –
Amendment to Class B Warrant to Purchase Common Stock
(August 25th, 2016)
This Amendment (this "Amendment") is entered into as of August 19, 2016, by and between BIM Homes, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and Jason Offenhartz (the "Holder") to that certain Class B Warrant Certificate for the Purchase of Shares of Common Stock of the Company dated June 17, 2016 issued by the Company to the Holder (the "Class B Warrant"). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Class B Warrant.



Bim Homes, Inc. –
Amendment to Class C Warrant to Purchase Common Stock
(August 25th, 2016)
This Amendment (this "Amendment") is entered into as of August 19, 2016, by and between BIM Homes, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and Jason Offenhartz (the "Holder") to that certain Class C Warrant Certificate for the Purchase of Shares of Common Stock of the Company dated June 17, 2016 issued by the Company to the Holder (the "Class C Warrant"). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Class C Warrant.



Bim Homes, Inc. –
Amendment to Class B Warrant to Purchase Common Stock
(August 25th, 2016)
This Amendment (this "Amendment") is entered into as of August 19, 2016, by and between BIM Homes, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and Armada Enterprises GP, LLC (the "Holder") to that certain Class B Warrant Certificate for the Purchase of Shares of Common Stock of the Company dated June 17, 2016 issued by the Company to the Holder (the "Class B Warrant"). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Class B Warrant.



Bim Homes, Inc. –
Amendment to Class E Warrant to Purchase Common Stock
(August 25th, 2016)
This Amendment (this "Amendment") is entered into as of August 19, 2016, by and between BIM Homes, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and RNG Studios, Inc. (the "Holder") to that certain Class E Warrant Certificate for the Purchase of Shares of Common Stock of the Company dated June 17, 2016 issued by the Company to the Holder (the "Class E Warrant"). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Class E Warrant.



Bim Homes, Inc. –
Amendment to Class E Warrant to Purchase Common Stock
(August 25th, 2016)
This Amendment (this "Amendment") is entered into as of August 19, 2016, by and between BIM Homes, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and Armada Enterprises GP, LLC (the "Holder") to that certain Class E Warrant Certificate for the Purchase of Shares of Common Stock of the Company dated June 17, 2016 issued by the Company to the Holder (the "Class E Warrant"). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Class E Warrant.



Bim Homes, Inc. –
Amendment to Class a Warrant to Purchase Common Stock
(August 25th, 2016)
This Amendment (this "Amendment") is entered into as of August 19, 2016, by and between BIM Homes, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and MC 2 Consulting, Inc. (the "Holder") to that certain Class A Warrant Certificate for the Purchase of Shares of Common Stock of the Company dated June 17, 2016 issued by the Company to the Holder (the "Class A Warrant"). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Class A Warrant.



Bim Homes, Inc. –
Amendment to Class E Warrant to Purchase Common Stock
(August 25th, 2016)
This Amendment (this "Amendment") is entered into as of August 19, 2016, by and between BIM Homes, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and Jason Offenhartz (the "Holder") to that certain Class E Warrant Certificate for the Purchase of Shares of Common Stock of the Company dated June 17, 2016 issued by the Company to the Holder (the "Class E Warrant"). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Class E Warrant.



Bim Homes, Inc. –
BIM HOMES, INC. (A Delaware Corporation) "C" WARRANT CERTIFICATE WARRANT
NUMBER: C-8 NUMBER OF WARRANTS: 10,000 CLASS C WARRANT CERTIFICATE FOR THE
PURCHASE OF SHARES OF THE COMMON STOCK OF BIM HOMES, INC. THESE SECURITIES WERE
ISSUED EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER TITLE 11, SECTION 1145, OF THE U.S. CODE.
(August 22nd, 2016)
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, BIM Homes, Inc. (the "Company"), a Delaware corporation, hereby certifies that MC 2 Consulting, Inc., the registered holder hereof, or registered assigns, (the "Holder") subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, and at any time during the period beginning on the date hereof and ending on August 30, 2016, unless extended, is entitled to:



Bim Homes, Inc. –
BIM HOMES, INC. (A Delaware Corporation) "A" WARRANT CERTIFICATE WARRANT
NUMBER: A-8 NUMBER OF WARRANTS: 10,000 CLASS a WARRANT CERTIFICATE FOR THE
PURCHASE OF SHARES OF THE COMMON STOCK OF BIM HOMES, INC. THESE SECURITIES WERE
ISSUED EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER TITLE 11, SECTION 1145, OF THE U.S. CODE.
(August 22nd, 2016)
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, BIM Homes, Inc. (the "Company"), a Delaware corporation, hereby certifies that MC 2 Consulting, Inc., the registered holder hereof, or registered assigns, (the "Holder") subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, and at any time during the period beginning on the date hereof and ending on August 30, 2016, unless extended, is entitled to:



Bim Homes, Inc. –
BIM HOMES, INC. (A Delaware Corporation) "E" WARRANT CERTIFICATE WARRANT
NUMBER: E-7 NUMBER OF WARRANTS: 401,000 CLASS E WARRANT CERTIFICATE FOR THE
PURCHASE OF SHARES OF THE COMMON STOCK OF BIM HOMES, INC. THESE SECURITIES WERE
ISSUED EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER TITLE 11, SECTION 1145, OF THE U.S. CODE.
(August 22nd, 2016)
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, BIM Homes, Inc. (the "Company"), a Delaware corporation, hereby certifies that Armada Enterprises GP, LLC, the registered holder hereof, or registered assigns, (the "Holder") subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, and at any time during the period beginning on the date hereof and ending on August 30, 2016, unless extended, is entitled to:



Bim Homes, Inc. –
BIM HOMES, INC. (A Delaware Corporation) "B" WARRANT CERTIFICATE WARRANT
NUMBER: B-9 NUMBER OF WARRANTS: 15,000 CLASS B WARRANT CERTIFICATE FOR THE
PURCHASE OF SHARES OF THE COMMON STOCK OF BIM HOMES, INC. THESE SECURITIES WERE
ISSUED EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER TITLE 11, SECTION 1145, OF THE U.S. CODE.
(August 22nd, 2016)
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, BIM Homes, Inc. (the "Company"), a Delaware corporation, hereby certifies that Jason Offenhartz, the registered holder hereof, or registered assigns, (the "Holder") subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, and at any time during the period beginning on the date hereof and ending on August 30, 2016, unless extended, is entitled to:



Bim Homes, Inc. –
BIM HOMES, INC. (A Delaware Corporation) "B" WARRANT CERTIFICATE WARRANT
NUMBER: B-10 NUMBER OF WARRANTS: 74,000 CLASS B WARRANT CERTIFICATE FOR THE
PURCHASE OF SHARES OF THE COMMON STOCK OF BIM HOMES, INC. THESE SECURITIES WERE
ISSUED EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER TITLE 11, SECTION 1145, OF THE U.S. CODE.
(August 22nd, 2016)
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, BIM Homes, Inc. (the "Company"), a Delaware corporation, hereby certifies that RNG Studios, Inc., the registered holder hereof, or registered assigns, (the "Holder") subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, and at any time during the period beginning on the date hereof and ending on August 30, 2016, unless extended, is entitled to:



Bim Homes, Inc. –
BIM HOMES, INC. (A Delaware Corporation) "E" WARRANT CERTIFICATE WARRANT
NUMBER: E-8 NUMBER OF WARRANTS: 10,000 CLASS E WARRANT CERTIFICATE FOR THE
PURCHASE OF SHARES OF THE COMMON STOCK OF BIM HOMES, INC. THESE SECURITIES WERE
ISSUED EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER TITLE 11, SECTION 1145, OF THE U.S. CODE.
(August 22nd, 2016)
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, BIM Homes, Inc. (the "Company"), a Delaware corporation, hereby certifies that MC 2 Consulting, Inc., the registered holder hereof, or registered assigns, (the "Holder") subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, and at any time during the period beginning on the date hereof and ending on August 30, 2016, unless extended, is entitled to:



Bim Homes, Inc. –
Stock Purchase Agreement
(August 22nd, 2016)
THIS AGREEMENT FOR THE PURCHSE OF COMMON STOCK, (this "Agreement") made this 5th day of May, 2016, by and between Armada Enterprises GP, LLC, of 40 Wall Street, 28th Floor, New York, NY 10005, representing certain selling share holders set forth on Schedule A attached hereto ("Sellers"), and MC 2 Consulting, Inc. of 4-75 48th #2110, Long Island City, NY 11109, the buyer of the shares ("Purchaser"), sets forth the terms and conditions upon which Sellers will sell to Purchaser and Purchaser will buy from Sellers, as more specifically set forth on Schedule A attached hereto, certain securities (the "Securities") consisting of free-trading Common Stock of BIM Homes, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company") the number of which are set forth by the Purchaser on the signature page hereto.



Bim Homes, Inc. –
BIM HOMES, INC. (A Delaware Corporation) "D" WARRANT CERTIFICATE WARRANT
NUMBER: D-10 NUMBER OF WARRANTS: 74,000 CLASS D WARRANT CERTIFICATE FOR THE
PURCHASE OF SHARES OF THE COMMON STOCK OF BIM HOMES, INC. THESE SECURITIES WERE
ISSUED EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER TITLE 11, SECTION 1145, OF THE U.S. CODE.
(August 22nd, 2016)
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, BIM Homes, Inc. (the "Company"), a Delaware corporation, hereby certifies that RNG Studios, Inc., the registered holder hereof, or registered assigns, (the "Holder") subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, and at any time during the period beginning on the date hereof and ending on August 30, 2016, unless extended, is entitled to:



Bim Homes, Inc. –
BIM HOMES, INC. (A Delaware Corporation) "B" WARRANT CERTIFICATE WARRANT
NUMBER: B-7 NUMBER OF WARRANTS: 401,000 CLASS B WARRANT CERTIFICATE FOR THE
PURCHASE OF SHARES OF THE COMMON STOCK OF BIM HOMES, INC. THESE SECURITIES WERE
ISSUED EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER TITLE 11, SECTION 1145, OF THE U.S. CODE.
(August 22nd, 2016)
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, BIM Homes, Inc. (the "Company"), a Delaware corporation, hereby certifies that Armada Enterprises GP, LLC, the registered holder hereof, or registered assigns, (the "Holder") subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, and at any time during the period beginning on the date hereof and ending on August 30, 2016, unless extended, is entitled to:



Bim Homes, Inc. –
BIM HOMES, INC. (A Delaware Corporation) "A" WARRANT CERTIFICATE WARRANT
NUMBER: A-10 NUMBER OF WARRANTS: 74,000 CLASS a WARRANT CERTIFICATE FOR THE
PURCHASE OF SHARES OF THE COMMON STOCK OF BIM HOMES, INC. THESE SECURITIES WERE
ISSUED EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER TITLE 11, SECTION 1145, OF THE U.S. CODE.
(August 22nd, 2016)
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, BIM Homes, Inc. (the "Company"), a Delaware corporation, hereby certifies that RNG Studios, Inc., the registered holder hereof, or registered assigns, (the "Holder") subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, and at any time during the period beginning on the date hereof and ending on August 30, 2016, unless extended, is entitled to:



Bim Homes, Inc. –
Stock Purchase Agreement
(August 22nd, 2016)
THIS AGREEMENT FOR THE PURCHSE OF COMMON STOCK, (this "Agreement") made this 6th day of June, 2016, by and between Armada Enterprises GP, LLC, of 40 Wall Street, 28th Floor, New York, NY 10005, representing certain selling share holders set forth on Schedule A attached hereto ("Sellers"), and Jason Offenhartz of 	884 West End Avenue, #3, New York, NY 10025, the buyer of the shares ("Purchaser"), sets forth the terms and conditions upon which Sellers will sell to Purchaser and Purchaser will buy from Sellers, as more specifically set forth on Schedule A attached hereto, certain securities (the "Securities") consisting of free-trading Common Stock of BIM Homes, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company") the number of which are set forth by the Purchaser on the signature page hereto.



Bim Homes, Inc. –
Securities Purchase Agreement
(August 22nd, 2016)
This Agreement (the "Agreement"), made and entered into this 4th day of May 2016 by and between certain selling shareholders and warrant holders (the "Sellers") (as indicated on Exhibit A hereof) of BIM Homes Inc. (the "Company") herein represented by Daniel Masters ("Sellers' Representative") and certain purchasers (the "Purchasers") (as indicated on Exhibit B hereof), herein represented by Armada Enterprises GP, LLC ("Purchasers' Representative"), sets forth the terms and conditions upon which Sellers will sell to Purchasers and Purchaser will buy from Sellers certain securities consisting of Two Million (2,000,000) shares of common stock and Two Million Five Thousand (2,005,000) warrants to purchase shares of common stock (collectively the "Securities") of the Company.



Bim Homes, Inc. –
BIM HOMES, INC. (A Delaware Corporation) "C" WARRANT CERTIFICATE WARRANT
NUMBER: C-7 NUMBER OF WARRANTS: 401,000 CLASS C WARRANT CERTIFICATE FOR THE
PURCHASE OF SHARES OF THE COMMON STOCK OF BIM HOMES, INC. THESE SECURITIES WERE
ISSUED EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER TITLE 11, SECTION 1145, OF THE U.S. CODE.
(August 22nd, 2016)
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, BIM Homes, Inc. (the "Company"), a Delaware corporation, hereby certifies that Armada Enterprises GP, LLC, the registered holder hereof, or registered assigns, (the "Holder") subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, and at any time during the period beginning on the date hereof and ending on August 30, 2016, unless extended, is entitled to:



Bim Homes, Inc. –
BIM HOMES, INC. (A Delaware Corporation) "E" WARRANT CERTIFICATE WARRANT
NUMBER: E-10 NUMBER OF WARRANTS: 74,000 CLASS E WARRANT CERTIFICATE FOR THE
PURCHASE OF SHARES OF THE COMMON STOCK OF BIM HOMES, INC. THESE SECURITIES WERE
ISSUED EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER TITLE 11, SECTION 1145, OF THE U.S. CODE.
(August 22nd, 2016)
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, BIM Homes, Inc. (the "Company"), a Delaware corporation, hereby certifies that RNG Studios, Inc., the registered holder hereof, or registered assigns, (the "Holder") subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, and at any time during the period beginning on the date hereof and ending on August 30, 2016, unless extended, is entitled to:



Bim Homes, Inc. –
BIM HOMES, INC. (A Delaware Corporation) "E" WARRANT CERTIFICATE WARRANT
NUMBER: E-9 NUMBER OF WARRANTS: 15,000 CLASS E WARRANT CERTIFICATE FOR THE
PURCHASE OF SHARES OF THE COMMON STOCK OF BIM HOMES, INC. THESE SECURITIES WERE
ISSUED EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER TITLE 11, SECTION 1145, OF THE U.S. CODE.
(August 22nd, 2016)
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, BIM Homes, Inc. (the "Company"), a Delaware corporation, hereby certifies that Jason Offenhartz, the registered holder hereof, or registered assigns, (the "Holder") subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, and at any time during the period beginning on the date hereof and ending on August 30, 2016, unless extended, is entitled to:













×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.










Contract and Agreement Category List











































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog







Sample Contract Categories 

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

p

q

r

s

t

u

v

w

x

y

z


abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz


337k
		Delaware
	

277k
		New York
	

113k
		California
	

70k
		Texas
	

68k
		Agreement
	

62k
		Nevada
	

46k
		Florida
	

44k
		Maryland
	

40k
		Illinois
	

38k
		Employment Agreement
	

38k
		Washington
	

37k
		Amended And Restated
	

36k
		Massachusetts
	

34k
		New Jersey
	

33k
		Pennsylvania
	

28k
		Georgia
	

28k
		Colorado
	

26k
		Ohio
	

25k
		Minnesota
	

25k
		Virginia
	

21k
		North Carolina
	

20k
		Incentive Plan
	

19k
		Credit Agreement
	

19k
		Amendment
	

16k
		Connecticut
	

16k
		Michigan
	

15k
		Indiana
	

14k
		Registration Rights Agreement
	

14k
		Recitals
	

13k
		Tennessee
	

13k
		Arizona
	

13k
		Missouri
	

12k
		Purchase Agreement
	

12k
		Promissory Note
	

12k
		Indenture
	

11k
		Warrant
	

11k
		Louisiana
	

11k
		Kansas
	

11k
		Utah
	

11k
		Wisconsin
	

10k
		Oklahoma
	

9k
		Securities Purchase Agreement
	

9k
		Agreement And Plan Of Merger
	

8k
		Iowa
	

8k
		Supplemental Indenture
	

8k
		Note
	

8k
		Equity Incentive Plan
	

7k
		Kentucky
	

7k
		Stock Purchase Agreement
	

7k
		Alabama
	














×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.



















 




	EDGAR ONLINE - BIM HOMES, INC. - SEC FILINGS































                                     
                                




Welcome


                                                |
                                            

Help


                                                |
                                            

About EDGAR Online
                                                   


                                                |
                                            

 Login 















Dashboard 

Today 
Company

Industry

Search
Screener

Analytics




































BIM HOMES, INC.: BMHM  (OTC)











Enter your Email to Learn More:  
                                 












Form






                         (Filer)
                    

                         Received

                        (
                        Period
                        
                        ) 
                    


DEF 14A

BIM HOMES, INC.
 07/14/17 (07/14/17) 


PRE 14A

BIM HOMES, INC.
 06/30/17 (06/30/17) 


10-Q

BIM HOMES, INC.
 05/22/17 (03/31/17) 


10-K

BIM HOMES, INC.
 05/19/17 (12/31/16) 


NT 10-Q

BIM HOMES, INC.
 05/15/17 (03/31/17) 


8-K

BIM HOMES, INC.
 04/13/17 (04/10/17) 


NT 10-K

BIM HOMES, INC.
 03/31/17 (12/31/16) 


10-Q

BIM HOMES, INC.
 11/16/16 (09/30/16) 


NT 10-Q

BIM HOMES, INC.
 11/15/16 (09/30/16) 


4

BIM HOMES, INC.(SENTI WADE) 
 09/14/16 (09/12/16) 


4

BIM HOMES, INC.(WIGHT GEORGE JR) 
 09/14/16 (09/12/16) 


4

BIM HOMES, INC.(ARMADA ENTERPRISES GP, LLC) 
 09/14/16 (09/12/16) 


3

BIM HOMES, INC.(SAHA MILAN) 
 09/06/16 (07/06/16) 


3

BIM HOMES, INC.(RNG STUDIOS, INC.) 
 09/06/16 (06/17/16) 


3

BIM HOMES, INC.(SENTI WADE) 
 09/06/16 (06/17/16) 


3

BIM HOMES, INC.(WIGHT GEORGE JR) 
 09/06/16 (06/17/16) 


3

BIM HOMES, INC.(ARMADA ENTERPRISES GP, LLC) 
 09/06/16 (06/17/16) 


SC 13D

BIM HOMES, INC.(ARMADA ENTERPRISES GP, LLC) 
 08/26/16 


8-K

BIM HOMES, INC.
 08/25/16 (08/19/16) 


8-K/A

BIM HOMES, INC.
 08/22/16 (06/17/16) 




                             
                        












             Results 1 - 20 of 35




 


  
            
                    [1]
2
                
             
             


[ Show Next 15 Results ] 
























Last Trade













Last Trade: 
N/A
                 
            
Change: 

N/A
                 
            
Trade Time: 

                 
            
Market Cap: 
$0.00M







Trade BMHM now with 























© 2017
                                
 
                                























                 
            











            © 1995-2017

EDGAR® Online, a division of Donnelley Financial Solutions
            All rights reserved  Solutions
                for Corporations 
            Terms of Use
             
                Privacy Statement













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

























BIM Model Examples



























BIM MODELING & COORDINATION







Contract BIM Services. Affordable, Collaborative, On-time 
				   Clash Detection and Resolution. Coordination and Shop Drawings. Quantity Schedules
				   12 years experience serving Contractors and Architects all over America  
				First BIM project? We make the learning curve easy. Contractors - see our Introduction to BIM for Contractors









Request a Quote







                    Examples of our BIM
                













Early Clash Resolution
A major advantage of designing with BIM is that subcontractor designs can be incorporated prior to construction 
				and checked for clashes (interference). In the examples shown, initial modeling revealed situations where drains had been routed through 
				ducting. The ducting was rerouted around the pipework to solve the problem.
				Clash reports are exported from the BIM software, complete with thumbnail images of the problem, call-outs and links to larger views. 
				View 2-Minute video  illustrating BIM clash detection 











Visualization
In the upper view the model has been sectioned to allow the general contractor to view the column 
				arrangement in the lobby area. In the lower view the relationship between sump tanks and neighboring foundations is clarified by viewing in 3D. 
				










Color Coded View of Systems
Each system is color coded so the user can easily distinguish between MEP systems.










Call out Drawings
Visuals are exported into 2D drawings to show reference 3D views.










Maintenance
BIM is useful for operations. In addition to traditional plans, you have immediate access to all the 
				equipment schedules that were developed for constructon. And you can use 'camera views' from locations on plans to
				visualize araes before work starts.
				 In this example the appearance of
				a reception area is snapped from the camera location point.
				











Visualize Entire Developments
A single unit from a larger development is shown. For this case only exteriors and surrounding terrain 
				were modelled.










BIM projects do not have to be large
In this example we took the architect's 2D concept drawings and created the model to depict a home extension.











Revit Families
We also model specific equipment and components. The illustration shows an HVAC Chiller
				created as part of a family of units for an HVAC manufacturer. You own the entire rights
				to the models when we create your Revit family.       
            









SketchUp as an alternative to Revit
Though not as all-encompassing as BIM, SketchUp provides an effective and 
				economical way to develop 3D architectural models. In this illustration we worked from
				a kitchen designer's sketches to provide a 3D model that was used to help the apartment owner 
				visualize and approve the design.











Request a Quote






























BIM Model Examples



























BIM MODELING & COORDINATION







Contract BIM Services. Affordable, Collaborative, On-time 
				   Clash Detection and Resolution. Coordination and Shop Drawings. Quantity Schedules
				   12 years experience serving Contractors and Architects all over America  
				First BIM project? We make the learning curve easy. Contractors - see our Introduction to BIM for Contractors









Request a Quote







                    Examples of our BIM
                













Early Clash Resolution
A major advantage of designing with BIM is that subcontractor designs can be incorporated prior to construction 
				and checked for clashes (interference). In the examples shown, initial modeling revealed situations where drains had been routed through 
				ducting. The ducting was rerouted around the pipework to solve the problem.
				Clash reports are exported from the BIM software, complete with thumbnail images of the problem, call-outs and links to larger views. 
				View 2-Minute video  illustrating BIM clash detection 











Visualization
In the upper view the model has been sectioned to allow the general contractor to view the column 
				arrangement in the lobby area. In the lower view the relationship between sump tanks and neighboring foundations is clarified by viewing in 3D. 
				










Color Coded View of Systems
Each system is color coded so the user can easily distinguish between MEP systems.










Call out Drawings
Visuals are exported into 2D drawings to show reference 3D views.










Maintenance
BIM is useful for operations. In addition to traditional plans, you have immediate access to all the 
				equipment schedules that were developed for constructon. And you can use 'camera views' from locations on plans to
				visualize araes before work starts.
				 In this example the appearance of
				a reception area is snapped from the camera location point.
				











Visualize Entire Developments
A single unit from a larger development is shown. For this case only exteriors and surrounding terrain 
				were modelled.










BIM projects do not have to be large
In this example we took the architect's 2D concept drawings and created the model to depict a home extension.











Revit Families
We also model specific equipment and components. The illustration shows an HVAC Chiller
				created as part of a family of units for an HVAC manufacturer. You own the entire rights
				to the models when we create your Revit family.       
            









SketchUp as an alternative to Revit
Though not as all-encompassing as BIM, SketchUp provides an effective and 
				economical way to develop 3D architectural models. In this illustration we worked from
				a kitchen designer's sketches to provide a 3D model that was used to help the apartment owner 
				visualize and approve the design.











Request a Quote






























Request Quote for BIM Services

























Request a Quote for BIM Modeling Services
                    








Email or Call

                    Email: BIM@cadbimconversions.com.
                

                    Phone: (978) 656-1191. Monday - Friday 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM eastern 










Or use this form



Full Name:






Company:





Phone Number:





Email Address:





When does your own bid have to be in? Or have you already been awarded the contract?






Tell us what you need. If you have a link for downloading the documentation package, please include it.





Send Request






We base quotes on the drawings and BIM specifications you provide. We will hold your information confidential and never 
				provide your information to third parties for marketing purposes. If you need assistance sending us drawings or documents ask 
				for directions for using our FTP site.
            











































Guides and FAQs about CAD and BIM Services

























Guides
                    





Introduction to converting PDF to CAD
Why can't scans be used in CAD?
Introduction to BIM for Contractors
BIM LOD (Level of Development) Definitions



FAQs
                    








Converting Drawings to CAD:



What formats do you convert?




Inputs
For inputs we can accept all drawing formats and prints. These include PDF, TIFF, JPEG, JEDMICS C4, all scans and all common CAD formats.
Outputs
2D CAD - AutoCAD DWG, DXF
3D CAD - Solidworks, IGES, STEP, STL, SketchUp, 3D DWG, 3D PDF
BIM - Revit RFA and RVT, Navisworks, SketchUp, Coordination and Shop Drawings in CAD and PDF







Do you produce real CAD?




                                The CAD and BIM we produce is properly drafted by trained CAD operators with years of experience. We use normal architectural and engineering drafting conventions and layer accordingly. 
								The files you receive from us will be immediately editable in your own CAD or BIM application without requiring additional work.
                            






What do I have to send?




                                We typically work from PDFs or scans of existing drawings or plans. On occasion, we have also worked from photographs of original drawings. Send us the best copy of the drawing that you have. Clear copies are faster to convert and the price will be lower. 
								If you don't have your best copies to hand when you want a quote, send us poorer ones (or photos) and tell us that better quality copies will be available for the actual job. We will take this into account when preparing the quote.
                            






What factors determine the price of a conversion?




                                We price every job individually. The primary variables we factor when we look at your original drawing are:
								- How many lines and objects are in the drawing - this determines how many entities we have to draw.  
								- Clarity and Legibility - are lines distinct and is text easily read?
								- Density of content - is the drawing very 'busy' with a lot on information squeezed in tight or overlapping? 
								- Extent to which there is replication - for example, can we reuse details or a wall layout that repeats across floors?
								- Dimensional accuracy required - a construction or machining drawing needs perfect dimensioning but a P&ID does not.
								
                            






How long do conversions take?




                                2D conversions to CAD (DWG or DGN) typically take 1-2 days for one or a few sheets. Larger jobs do take longer. A set of house plans may take 3-4 days. An entire set of construction drawings may take a couple of weeks. There is a limit to how much faster a job can be completed by adding operators - we try to assign a small team to each job as this makes for higher quality.
								If you do need a job completed very urgently please let us know when you request your quote and we will see what we can do for expedited delivery.
								3D conversions (SolidWorks and derivative IGES, STEP or STL) are harder to predict. Quite often we have questions about interpreting the original drawings or specs. In these cases there is a back-and-forth between you and us and this adds time to our workflow. As a rule of thumb, one-off parts can be turned around in 3-4 days.
								BIM projects (RVT) are usually more substantial. There is more set-up time required and revisions (when clashes are found) are a normal part of the process. For complete architectural projects, think in terms of weeks or months. Creating reusable Equipment Families (RFA) takes less time but, like 3D, often involves back and forth which adds to the time required.
                            






My drawings are in bad shape - can you use them?




                                In our 2D CAD business poor originals are normal. There are many buildings and plants designed 'on the board' and managed over the years by editing actual prints. When it's time to revamp facilities we can create modern CAD from scans of well-worn prints 
								Creating good line work in CAD is not normally any problem - our operators can usually interpret gaps and coffee stains. Illegible text can be more of a problem, particularly when it comes to dimensions. If there is any doubt at all we place the questionable text or entities into a README layer in the CAD file. This enables you to quickly see where you will have to do a cross-check.
                            






What if there are errors in my original drawings?




                                This is a good question. In undertaking CAD work we are not acting as designers or engineers in any way. Our commitment is to replicate your original drawings in perfect CAD. So if a dimension is wrong or words misspelled in the original you send us we will replicate this in the CAD file. If we do notice an apparent mistake we will place the entity in the README layer that we create to flag issues. But this is a courtesy only - our services do not include correcting errors present in the originals.                          






Can I send prints to be scanned?




                                 We do scan prints when required. Our focus is on CAD and BIM - we are not a reprographics company. If you would like to send us prints for conversion please request shipping and delivery instructions.
								 Send us a message.







Can you use my title block and layering standard?
								




                             Just send us your DWG template and we will use it to draft using your title block and layering.
							 






How do you handle redline?




                				 We can either reproduce redline exactly as it is drawn or use redline instructions (markups) to update the content of the drawing. If your redline reflects as-builts and you have copies of the original design or construction issue CAD files we can simply update these to produce as-built CAD files.
                            


BIM:




What is BIM?




                               BIM stands for Building Information Modeling. Traditionally every discipline produces separate drawings and documention 
							   for a building. BIM efficiently centralizes all this information into one model. The idea has been around since the early 1980s 
							   but it's only recently that it has begun to move into main-stream 
							   design, construction and facilities management. In the United States, where adoption has been slower than in Europe, the benefits are 
							   being seen in new builds. There are several good BIM software applications. We use Revit and 
							   Navisworks.
							   BIM models are highly detailed. Components are objects, not just drawn lines, so IDs and specifications can be captured in the model.
							   This makes it easy to export quantity schedules. And the integration across disciplines means clashes can be detected and resolved
							   before construction begins. 
							   Design and build is just one aspect of BIM - the model continues to be used for operating and managing the completed 
							   facility.
							   See also Introduction to BIM for Contractors.
                          







								What does LOD stand for in BIM?




                             LOD stands for 'Level of Development'. The BIM forum defines it as "a reference 
							 that enables practitioners in the AEC Industry to 
							 specify and articulate with a high degree of clarity the content and reliability of Building Information Models (BIMs) at various 
							 stages in the design and construction process." 
							 In practice it is a set of reference numbers: 100, 200, 300, 350, 400 and 500 that indicate the extent
							 and precision of the BIM model as it progresses through its development. For contractors a BIM model to LOD 300 or 350 is usually required in order for them to build from the information 
							 in the model. A summary PDF sheet describing each level is available here.
                          







								If we submit 2D CAD drawings, are you able to use these for BIM?




                             Yes. We use the 2D drawings as the basis for a 3D Revit model. Think of building in 3D as analogous to actual construction. 
							 We start with the foundation level and build up one virtual floor at a time. 
                          







								When the BIM program shows that there are clashes in our project's design, how is this relayed to contractors?




                             As we build up in 3D we attend or host coordination meetings. This is analogous to actual construction 
							 in that problems that have been discovered are reviewed and solved. The big difference being that 
							 fixes in virtual models cost almost nothing compared to a discovery during construction. We use 
							 video conferencing to show clashes on screen and discuss how to handle them. Meeting attendees 
							 just need a computer and an Internet connection.
                          







								Roughly how long does it take to build a BIM model that includes every discipline? 




                             Assuming a fairly typical commercial building, from receipt of construction drawings (ideally as DWGs) 
							 to architectural and structural BIM 
							 is typically 4-6 weeks. Then we add in the MEPF content over several more weeks. This is when we 
							 uncover issues and start holding regular web conferencing meetings to resolve them. It is possible to model 
							 and coordinate entire projects before you actually break ground. However, it's more realistic 
							 that just your lower level BIM modeling has been completed at that stage, with the final upper floor 
							 finish modeling overlapping the start of construction. 
                          







								How is the cost estimated for BIM models?




                             We quote a fixed price for your BIM project based on our review of your drawings and specifications. Our price includes clash detection, coordination and production of shop
							 drawings, as required. Our team's many years of experience in BIM enables us to accurately predict and include the hours needed for 
							 clash detection and attending online coordination meetings, in addition to building the BIM model itself. This means we can offer an all-in fixed price so you know
							 exactly what your cost will be.
                          


Payment:




What payments do you accept?




                                We accept American Express, MasterCard, Visa and Discover. Credit accounts can be opened upon application.
                            





















