


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Assets - Biotechgate - Biotechgate

























Log in
 

 



Request trial & quote




Main Menu


Main Menu







 







  Using our Licensing Data for Business Development

  Find potential business opportunities within our licensing section, with more than 18,000 Biotech and Pharma assets.

Our database provides information, not just for products and technologies currently listed for licensing, but also for those which will be available for out-licensing in the near future, along with historical records of past deals.
 
Why you should choose Biotechgate:

Heavily populated with emerging start-ups and medium-sized companies
Quickly and precisely identify the most relevant products
Easily filter by indication, licensing status, development phase etc.
Be automatically alerted when a product changes licensing status or clinical phase
Keep track of how other companies structure licensing deal








Explore our database of over 40,000 companies




Click to get started »









 






«I can only recommend the tool as it provides very comprehensive information and is easy to use. »




 
Oliver Middendorp, CEO at Numab




Our Partners













  
Licensing Benchmark Reports
Gain an insight into key financial details of big Pharma and small Biotech licensing deals.
Learn more »





Investor Database
Find the right investor for your company. Use our detailed filter functionality to quickly pinpoint one which fits your criteria.
Learn more »





Company and Deal Database
Find company information such as product pipelines, licensing opportunities, contact and management details and much more.
Learn more »




 












































GoBoldly - Latest news and stories from the American biopharmaceutical industry

















      Skip to main content
    
















Explore the innovative research and technological breakthroughs of America's biopharmaceutical industry, and get to know the people behind the fight to prevent, treat, and cure disease.


















Our Fight


Our Mission


Our Companies













FOLLOW US






©2017 Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America
950 F Street, NW Suite 300
Washington, DC 20004
202.835.3400 (P) | 202.835.3414 (F)
PhRMA.org Innovation.org
Privacy Policy Terms of Service


























AboutUS

Finding lifesaving medicines is a life's work – the work of 140,000 researchers who never say never. As well as the millions of patients who fight side by side with researchers in the battle for life, against whatever odds they face together.
Now is the time to put the accelerator to the floor. The best is yet to come – like advancements in personalized medicine and immunotherapy – and it's coming faster than we can imagine.
Welcome to the future of medicine. Where disease is no match for tenacity. No match for ingenuity. Where together, we go boldly.
DO NOT GO GENTLE
Today's breakthroughs are becoming tomorrow's medicines.
 Watch the Video 



























































DO NOT GO GENTLE

















DO NOT GO GENTLE





 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print







This is the most exciting time in the history of medicine. Millions of people around the world are benefiting from breakthrough treatments that save, extend and improve life.
Research, technology and genomics are coming together to create a platform that allows researchers to decipher the cause of disease as never before. Each advance opens new doors, new cures, new treatments.
And yet, it’s not enough.
"Today's breakthroughs become tomorrow's medicines." Tweet
Cures don’t appear on a schedule. In search of the unknowable, in search of curing the incurable, there is no one map, no singular template, no predictable milestones.
Finding lifesaving medicines is a life’s work – the work of thousands of researchers who never say never. It's also the work of millions of patients who fight side by side with researchers in the battle for life, against whatever odds they face together.
Now is the time to put the accelerator to the floor. The best is yet to come – like groundbreaking advances in immunotherapy and personalized medicine – where the once impossible is now reality.
Welcome to the future of medicine. Where disease is no match for tenacity. No match for ingenuity. Where together, we go boldly.
Dylan Thomas penned "Do not go gentle into that good night" in 1947, but the sentiment is as timely today as it ever was. Millions of Americans are battling serious illnesses, but they’re not alone in the fight. They have the support of thousands of biopharmaceutical researchers whose lives are dedicated to helping patients go boldly into longer, healthier, and more productive lives.
 










      RELATED NEWS
    



THE POWER OF MEDICINES
Saving lives and creating hope for the future.
VIEW THE GRAPHIC



DRIVING PERSONALIZED MEDICINE FORWARD
The biopharmaceutical industry is leading the charge in finding new medicines for patients.
VIEW THE GALLERY



TRANSLATING SCIENCE INTO NEW MEDICINES
The commitment it takes for researchers and scientists to achieve breakthroughs in medicine.
WATCH THE VIDEO





















 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print


















Biotech Products Services and Research, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 9:36 PM ET
Biotechnology

Company Overview of Biotech Products Services and Research, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Biotech Products Services and Research, Inc., a biotech company, discovers, develops, and dispatches cellular disease management protocols for the treatment of neurodegenerative, inflammatory, and autoimmune conditions for patients worldwide. It offers anti-aging and cellular therapy patient referral marketing and product sales to doctors and hospitals. The company was formerly known as Bespoke Tricycles Inc. and changed its name to Biotech Products Services and Research, Inc. in September 2015. The company was founded in 2011 and is based in Miami, Florida.


11077 Biscayne BoulevardSuite 100Miami, FL 33161United StatesFounded in 20111 Employees



Phone: 888-963-7881

www.bpsrhealth.com







Key Executives for Biotech Products Services and Research, Inc.




Mr. Albert Mitrani


      	President, CEO, Chairman, Secretary & Treasurer
      


Age: 62
        

Total Annual Compensation: $241.8K








Dr. Maria Ines Mitrani


      	Chief Science Officer, VP & Director
      


Age: 37
        

Total Annual Compensation: $138.7K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Biotech Products Services and Research, Inc. Key Developments

Biotech Products Services and Research, Inc. announced delayed 10-Q filing
Jun 15 17
On 06/15/2017, Biotech Products Services and Research, Inc. announced that they will be unable to file their next 10-Q by the deadline required by the SEC.


Biotech Products Services and Research, Inc. announced delayed 10-Q filing
Mar 20 17
On 03/20/2017, Biotech Products Services and Research, Inc. announced that they will be unable to file their next 10-Q by the deadline required by the SEC.


Biotech Products Services and Research, Inc. Appoints Ian T. Bothwell, Terrell Suddarth, and Peter Taddeo to Board
Mar 15 17
On March 8, 2017, the Board of Biotech Products Services and Research, Inc. increased the size of the Board to consist of six persons and appointed Ian T. Bothwell, Terrell Suddarth, and Peter Taddeo to fill such created vacancies for a year until the annual stockholders meeting and their respective replacements are elected and qualified or their resignation or removal. Mr. Bothwell has been serving as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company since November 4, 2016. Terrell Suddarth was appointed as the Chief Technology Officer of the Company on March 8, 2017. Peter Taddeo invested in the Company in connection with the Participation Agreement, effective February 14, 2017, regarding the Company's endeavor to obtain a license to dispense medical cannabis in the State of Florida.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 20n Labs, Inc. United States 23andMe, Inc. United States 2C Tech Corporation, Inc. United States 3-V Biosciences, Inc. United States 3Bar Biologics Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      March 29, 2017
			    
--



Private Placement

			      February 22, 2017
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Biotech Products Services and Research, Inc., please visit www.bpsrhealth.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























  BPSR:OTC US Stock Quote - Biotech Products Services and Research Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Biotech Products Services and Research Inc   BPSR:US   OTC US        0.02USD   0.01   27.50%     As of 8:10 PM EDT 7/26/2017     Open   0.04    Day Range   0.02 - 0.04    Volume   59,200    Previous Close   0.03    52Wk Range   0.01 - 0.22    1 Yr Return   -81.55%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   0.04    Day Range   0.02 - 0.04    Volume   59,200    Previous Close   0.03    52Wk Range   0.01 - 0.22    1 Yr Return   -81.55%    YTD Return   -88.13%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -0.07    Market Cap (m USD)   2.263    Shares Outstanding  (m)   111.465    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Health Care   % Price Change -0.31%     Industry Pharmaceuticals, Biotechnology & Life Sciences   % Price Change -0.25%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Biotech Products Services and Research, Inc. designs, manufactures, and sells vending tricycles for commercial customers. The Company also focuses on the referral of cellular therapies for treating neurodegenerative, inflammatory and autoimmune conditions for patients all over the world.    Address  1108 Kane ConcourseSuite 206Bay Harbor Islands, FL 33154United States   Phone  1-888-963-7881   Website   -     Executives Board Members    Albert Mitrani  Chairman/Pres/CEO/Treasurer/Secy    Ian T Bothwell  Chief Financial Officer    Bruce Werber  Chief Operating Officer    Terrell Suddarth  Chief Technology Officer    Maria Ines Mitrani  Exec VP/Chief Science Officer     Show More         



    BPSR Key Statistics - Biotech Products Services & Research Inc. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Biotech Products Services & Research Inc.

                  OTC: BPSR
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Biotech Products Services & Research Inc.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 26, 2017, 5:20 p.m.


BPSR

/quotes/zigman/61105686/delayed


$
0.02




Change

-0.0077
-27.50%

Volume
Volume 59,200
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/61105686/delayed
Previous close

$
			0.03
		


$
				0.02
			
Change

-0.0077
-27.50%





Day low
Day high
$0.02
$0.04










52 week low
52 week high

            $0.0052
        

            $0.22
        

















			Company Description 
		


                Biotech Products Services & Research, Inc. is a patient referral, product development and research company. It engages in the provision of patient referral service for integrative cellular therapies. The company was founded by John Goodhew on August 8, 2011 and is headquartered in Miami, FL.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
-2.24


Price to Sales Ratio
27.15


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
-2.64


Enterprise Value to Sales
14.87


Total Debt to Enterprise Value
0.02

Efficiency

Revenue/Employee
23,110.00


Income Per Employee
-132,006.00


Receivables Turnover
17.61


Total Asset Turnover
1.66

Liquidity

Current Ratio
0.04


Quick Ratio
0.03


Cash Ratio
0.03



Profitability

Gross Margin
48.94


Operating Margin
-564.32


Pretax Margin
-571.20


Net Margin
-571.20


Return on Assets
-949.28

Capital Structure

Total Debt to Total Assets
143.07





      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Albert  Mitrani 
-
2015
Chairman, President, CEO & Treasurer



Dr. Bruce  Werber 
62
2016
Chief Operating Officer & Director



Mr. Ian T. Bothwell 
57
2016
Chief Financial Officer & Director



Mr. Terrell  Suddarth 
-
2017
Chief Technology Officer & Director



Dr. John F. Torregrosa 
-
-
Chief Medical Officer





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}


Date
Name
Shares
Transaction
Value





04/03/2017

Ian T. Bothwell 
Chief Financial Officer; Director

1,000,000


 
Award at $0.02 per share.


20,000


04/03/2017

Bruce Werber 
Chief Operating Officer; Director

1,000,000


 
Award at $0.02 per share.


20,000


03/08/2017

Ian T. Bothwell 
Chief Financial Officer; Director

100


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/08/2017

Bruce Werber 
Chief Operating Officer; Director

100


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/08/2017

Maria Ines Mitrani 
VP, Chief Science Officer; Director

100


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/01/2016

Albert Mitrani 
CEO, Pres., Sec y & Treas.; Director

100,000


 



0


11/01/2016

Albert Mitrani 
CEO, Pres., Sec y & Treas.; Director

20,000,000


 



0


11/01/2016

Albert Mitrani 
CEO, Pres., Sec y & Treas.; Director

100,000


 



0


08/06/2015

Albert Mitrani 
CEO, Pres., Sec y & Treas.; Director

3,340,000


 



0


06/24/2015

Albert Mitrani 
CEO, Pres., Sec y & Treas.; Director

7,500,000


 
Acquisition at $0.01 per share.


75,000


06/24/2015

John Goodhew                            
Director

7,500,000


 
Disposition at $0.01 per share.


75,000








/news/latest/company/us/bpsr

      MarketWatch News on BPSR
    
No News currently available for BPSR





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/bpsr

      Other News on BPSR
    




 10-Q: BIOTECH PRODUCTS SERVICES & RESEARCH, INC.
5:22 p.m. July 14, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: BIOTECH PRODUCTS SERVICES & RESEARCH, INC.
4:05 p.m. July 12, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-K: BIOTECH PRODUCTS SERVICES & RESEARCH, INC.
5:30 p.m. July 7, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: BIOTECH PRODUCTS SERVICES & RESEARCH, INC.
3:52 p.m. Oct. 26, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: BIOTECH PRODUCTS SERVICES & RESEARCH, INC.
3:52 p.m. Aug. 8, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)














At a Glance

Biotech Products Services & Research, Inc.
4045 Sheridan Avenue
Suite 239

Miami, Florida 33140




Phone
1 3053700482


Industry
Sports Goods


Sector
Consumer Goods


Fiscal Year-end
10/2017


View SEC Filings




Revenue
$184,881


Net Income
$-1.06M


2016 Sales Growth 
25.2%


Employees

        8.00


Annual Report for BPSR











/news/pressrelease/company/us/bpsr

      Press Releases on BPSR
    




 Biotech Products Services and Research Inc. to Pursue Medical Cannabis License in Florida
5:01 p.m. March 2, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 Biotech Products Services and Research, Inc. Commences Shipments of Company's First Amniotic Allograft Product
5:08 p.m. Feb. 14, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 Biotech Products Services and Research, Inc. Announces Successful Trial Production of Company's First Amniotic Allograft Product
5:01 p.m. Jan. 12, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE











Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




9:37 PM EDT
July 26, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:46pScaramucci on Washington back stabbers: ‘I’m more of a front-stabbing person’
7:43pFacebook keeps warning about growth, but growth doesn’t stop
6:56pFacebook heads toward $500 billion market cap after earnings
6:46pFoxconn pledges to build $10 billion state-of-the-art electronics plant in Wisconsin
6:14pGraham says Trump is showing weakness in unilateral public spat with Sessions
6:10pFacebook hits 2 billion users, earnings beat boosts stock: Live blog recap
6:04pNew rules for FTSE Russell index provider to exclude Snap, others from benchmarks
5:55pThe Nintendo Switch’s sell-out launch, in many charts
5:51p10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague in meetings
5:51pCommunity Health Systems shares fall after profit warning
5:45pWhat Donald Trump’s battle of wills with Jeff Sessions teaches you about a difficult boss
5:33pStock market ends at record on robust earnings as Fed issues policy update 
5:31pTrump puts his hands together for ‘the late, great Abraham Lincoln’
5:23p2-year Treasury yield falls the most in five weeks after Fed statement
5:20pFor transgender Americans, workplace discrimination isn’t limited to the military
5:09pYour 401(k) match may have some strings attached
5:07pThis is the worst mistake people make at work
5:06pWhy equal-weighted stock-market indexes bounce back faster from bear markets
5:05pNutrisystem shares rally on better-than-expected earnings
5:04pBuffalo Wild Wings drop 9% on 'high' chicken wing costs
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15























































Biotech Products Services & Research, Inc. Issues Open Letter From CEOHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,477.83+0.70 (+0.03%)Dow 3021,711.01+97.58 (+0.45%)Nasdaq6,422.75+10.57 (+0.16%)LISTENTop economists debate state of labor marketYahoo Finance's Nicole Sinclair moderates a panel of leading economists at the State of the Labor Market SummitBiotech Products Services & Research, Inc. Issues Open Letter From CEOMarketwiredDecember 3, 2015ReblogShareTweetShareBAY HARBOR ISLAND, FL--(Marketwired - Dec 3, 2015) - Biotech Products Services & Research, Inc. (  OTCQB :  BPSR ) ("Biotech") would like to provide a company overview and update in the following letter from CEO Albert Mitrani. Dear Shareholders,Biotech Products, Services & Research, Inc. is a corporation focused on a lifestyle of health and wellness. Our vision is to have a vertically integrated company with three subsidiaries that include providing patient referrals to physicians offering integrative cellular therapies. Integrative therapies include: nutrition, innovative regenerative medical techniques, clinical research and development of products for a wide range of advanced healthcare indications and services. Additionally, Biotech intends to add a line of haircare and skincare products that will be innovative to the regenerative medical arena. Furthering the vision, Biotech has established a subsidiary called Ethan New York, a trendy women's clothing boutique that has recently opened for business in New York City. This new boutique will help draw the appropriate demographic of customers interested in our regenerative medical offerings complementing Biotech's overall business plan of catering to our clients' health and also their beauty.To update our company's development, FINRA has recently approved our corporate name change to Biotech Products Services & Research, Inc. The company has maintained its fully reporting OTCQB listing status because management firmly believes that the standards of this marketplace provide a strong baseline of transparency and complete investor information backed up by periodic SEC filings. Management believes that the OTCQB exchange is the preferred trading ground for the market's most responsible small and micro-cap companies with the technology and regulations to ensure an accurate and secure trading experience for all investors. As a publicly traded company, we take our responsibilities to investors very seriously and pledge to maintain our high standards of accountability as we work steadily for enhanced shareholder value.To be able to pursue our goals the company is presently looking to raise capital so that we have the cash flow necessary to fulfill Biotech's long-term growth outlook. With this in mind, the company is now searching for qualified candidates in several key areas of business management including a chief operating officer with experience in regenerative medicine and business management and also a chief financial officer with extensive experience in the financial aspects of growing and managing such a company.Additionally, we are seeking to develop a board of directors that will be diversified in their experience and expertise who will bring a broad spectrum of knowledge to work with Biotech's management team on a successful vision and strategy for the company. Adding valuable new members to our executive management team should enable us to roll out the company's full business plans in an effective and timely manner.Biotech's core vision places an emphasis on health from the inside and beauty from the outside. With this vision, we are very proud to have recently announced the opening of our first women's retail fashion boutique in New York City. We believe that women are the leading decision makers today for a family's needs, including clothing purchases. Our new boutique, Ethan New York, creates the opportunity to bring innovative health and wellness needs to the forefront while women are shopping for the latest fashion trends to look their best. From our headquarters in Florida we are focusing on advancing research in regenerative medical therapies; including developing education programs that will provide the latest in nutrition, testing and optimizing health benefits. To accomplish this objective, we will utilize a variety of techniques including cellular management protocols and biologic-based products for health optimization and effective disease management. Coaching on lifestyle issues as well as physical training will be a vital component of our programs. We also maintain a referral network of skilled physicians in the United States and abroad, which will be expanded to include naturopaths, acupuncturists, coaches, psychologists, nutritionists. Our strategy and vision includes a dedication to innovation making us leaders in the management of regenerative therapies, developers of products for health enhancement, disease management, and therapies for inflammatory conditions and aging. Read MoreWith so many benefits to offer and so much potential growth planned for the future, I look forward to serving Biotech's clients and investors for many years to come.Sincerely,Albert Mitrani, CEO Biotech Products, Services & Research Inc.About Biotech Products Services & Research, Inc.Biotech Products Services & Research Inc. focuses on a lifestyle of health and wellness. Our vision is to be a vertically integrated company, which primarily provides a patient referral service for integrative cellular therapies. Biotech also markets cellular products to doctors and hospitals.Biotech aims to be the leader in the industry of innovative cell-based therapeutic with our unique strategy, which will guide a future of customized disease management. Biotech also sells women's fashion products through its Ethan New York subsidiary as part of our vertically integrated health and wellness vision.For more information investors can visit www.bpsrhealth.com. CAUTIONARY COMMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThe foregoing contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We intend for these forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions of the federal securities laws relating to forward-looking statements. This release contains forward-looking statements that reflect Biotech Products Services & Research, Inc., plans and expectations. In this press release and related comments by Company management, words like "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "goal" and similar expressions are used to identify forward-looking statements, representing management's current judgment and expectations about possible future events.Management believes these forward-looking statements and the judgments upon which they are based to be reasonable, but they are not guarantees of future performance and involve numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the Company's actual results, performance, achievements or financial position to be materially different from any expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements are set forth in our Form 10-K and other filings with the SEC. Other information can be obtained at www.bpsrhealth.comReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextTillerson's friends voice his frustration as State Department quashes stories about an early "Rexit"NewsweekHome Security SystemsYahoo SearchSponsoredKristin Beck, transgender Navy SEAL hero: 'Let's meet face to face and you tell me I'm not worthy'Business InsiderHighest ranking retired transgender officer slams new plan: I think Trump is ‘being influenced by Pence’Business InsiderTrump’s big Foxconn announcement will bring jobs — and robotsYahoo FinanceThis KCup Reverses "Morning Zombie" SyndromeVitaCupSponsoredAmazon’s Echo rivaled by Xiaomi and Facebook: rptYahoo Finance VideoAmazon earnings — What you need to know in markets on ThursdayYahoo FinanceFacebook shares hit record high as mobile ad sales soarReutersAffordable Tungsten Wedding Bands - Just $49.99Tungsten FashionsSponsoredFix My Finances: I borrowed from my 401(k)Yahoo FinancePhil Mickelson trash-talked Jordan Spieth at the Open Championship — and Phil is going to have to eat his wordsBusiness InsiderTrump forges ahead to tax reformYahoo Finance VideoDo NOT pay your insurance until you try this.auto-insurance-discountsSponsoredWhy the world's biggest search engine has to pay for traffic to its siteYahoo FinanceWhy everybody should be happy that Flash is finally dyingYahoo FinanceTrump Says Immigrant Gang Members ‘Slice and Dice’ Young, Beautiful GirlsJOSE C: Families being separated omg poor illegals. Guess what if I commit a crime I will be separated from my family.  Illegals don't deserve special treatment.Join the Conversation1 / 5398








Biotech Products Services & Research, Inc. Subsidiary Signs New Referral Agreement With US Stem Cell ClinicHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,477.83+0.70 (+0.03%)Dow 3021,711.01+97.58 (+0.45%)Nasdaq6,422.75+10.57 (+0.16%)LISTENTop economists debate state of labor marketYahoo Finance's Nicole Sinclair moderates a panel of leading economists at the State of the Labor Market SummitBiotech Products Services & Research, Inc. Subsidiary Signs New Referral Agreement With US Stem Cell ClinicMarketwiredDecember 16, 2015ReblogShareTweetShareBAY HARBOR ISLAND, FL--(Marketwired - Dec 16, 2015) - Biotech Products Services & Research, Inc. (  OTCQB :  BPSR ) ("Biotech") is pleased to announce a commercial referral agreement has been signed with US Stem Cell Clinic of Sunrise, FL and Biotech's wholly owned subsidiary "Beyond Cells LLC". This new working relationship will extend significant benefits to Beyond Cells clients seeking effective alternative therapies. Our clientele will now have a direct pathway to the conveniently situated US Stem Cell Clinic in southern Florida for adipose stem cell and other advanced regenerative therapy treatments. The combination of comprehensive patient referral services by Beyond Cells and excellence in treatment by the US Stem Cell Clinic will act to ensure the best possible outcomes for all our patients' needs.US Stem Cell Clinic works to improve the quality of life for patients by employing the latest stem cell treatments with proven, safe and effective results. Their procedures harness the body's own healing potential by isolating stem cells from one location of the body and relocating them to an area of disease, injury or inflammation to aid with restoration. Treatment procedures are all done on an outpatient basis using a minimally invasive surgical technique to isolate adult mesenchymal stem cells and immediately deliver those cells back to the patient where needed. The cells may be delivered as a joint injection, an IV, intrathecal or intramuscularly. The entire process takes less than 3 hours to complete in most cases.The Beyond Cells team is now looking forward to collaborating extensively with US Stem Cell Clinic's Chief Science Officer Kristin Comella, a world renowned expert on regenerative medicine with a focus on adipose derived stem cells. She was named number 24 on Terrapin's list of the Top 50 Global Stem Cell Influencers and number 1 on the Academy of Regenerative Practices list of Top 10 Stem Cell Innovators. Ms. Comella has pioneered stem cell therapies from various sources including cord blood, bone marrow, muscle and adipose tissue, developing a wide range of regenerative techniques and products that have been successfully implemented into the clinical setting. Additionally, Ms. Comella led the team that gained the first ever FDA approval for a clinical trial using a combined cell and gene therapy product in the heart. Now, with the referral agreement between Beyond Cells LLC and US Stem Cell Clinic in place, our patients will have access to some of the finest modern stem cell treatments available today and we will also work together steadfastly to advance new developments in these vital treatments for the future.About Biotech Products Services & Research, Inc.Biotech Products Services & Research Inc. focuses on a lifestyle of health and wellness. Our vision is to be a vertically integrated company, which primarily provides a patient referral service for integrative cellular therapies. Biotech also markets cellular products to doctors and hospitals.Biotech aims to be the leader in the industry of innovative cell-based therapeutic with our unique strategy, which will guide a future of customized disease management. Biotech also sells women's fashion products through its Ethan New York subsidiary as part of our vertically integrated health and wellness vision.For more information investors can visit www.bpsrhealth.com.CAUTIONARY COMMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThe foregoing contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We intend for these forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions of the federal securities laws relating to forward-looking statements. This release contains forward-looking statements that reflect Biotech Products Services & Research, Inc., plans and expectations. In this press release and related comments by Company management, words like "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "goal" and similar expressions are used to identify forward-looking statements, representing management's current judgment and expectations about possible future events.Management believes these forward-looking statements and the judgments upon which they are based to be reasonable, but they are not guarantees of future performance and involve numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the Company's actual results, performance, achievements or financial position to be materially different from any expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements are set forth in our Form 10-K and other filings with the SEC. Other information can be obtained at www.bpsrhealth.comReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextScientists discover how the brain's hypothalamus controls ageing – and manage to slow it downThe ConversationEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredKristin Beck, transgender Navy SEAL hero: 'Let's meet face to face and you tell me I'm not worthy'Business InsiderHighest ranking retired transgender officer slams new plan: I think Trump is ‘being influenced by Pence’Business InsiderTrump’s big Foxconn announcement will bring jobs — and robotsYahoo FinanceDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredAmazon’s Echo rivaled by Xiaomi and Facebook: rptYahoo Finance VideoAmazon earnings — What you need to know in markets on ThursdayYahoo FinanceFacebook shares hit record high as mobile ad sales soarReutersWhat's the Problem with Joel Osteen?ChurchLeaders.comSponsoredFix My Finances: I borrowed from my 401(k)Yahoo FinancePhil Mickelson trash-talked Jordan Spieth at the Open Championship — and Phil is going to have to eat his wordsBusiness InsiderTrump forges ahead to tax reformYahoo Finance VideoWomen Everywhere Should Carry This Tiny DeviceSiren SongSponsoredWhy the world's biggest search engine has to pay for traffic to its siteYahoo FinanceWhy everybody should be happy that Flash is finally dyingYahoo FinanceTrump Says Immigrant Gang Members ‘Slice and Dice’ Young, Beautiful GirlsJOSE C: Families being separated omg poor illegals. Guess what if I commit a crime I will be separated from my family.  Illegals don't deserve special treatment.Join the Conversation1 / 5398









Biotech Products Services and Research Inc (BPSR.PK)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Biotech Products Services and Research Inc (BPSR.PK)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerHealthcareMedical Equipment, Supplies & Distribution












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				BPSR.PK on OTC Markets Group


				0.03USD
--





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    --


					            (--)
					        






Prev Close

$0.03


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

--


Avg. Vol

173,846




52-wk High

$0.22


52-wk Low

$0.01












					Full Description



Biotech Products Services and Research, Inc., formerly Bespoke Tricycles Inc., incorporated on August 9, 2011, is engaged in the healthcare industry, principally focused on supplying products and services related to the field of regenerative anti-aging medicine (RAAM). The Company focuses on the referral of cellular therapies for treating neurodegenerative, inflammatory and autoimmune conditions for patients across the world. The Company's RAAM-related operations are conducted through its subsidiaries, including Beyond Cells Corp. and General Surgical of Florida, Inc. Beyond Cells Corp. is engaged in providing anti-aging and cellular therapy patient referral and product sales. General Surgical of Florida, Inc. is engaged in sale of cellular therapy products to doctors and hospitals.The Company intends to distribute the RAAM Products and market RAAM-related services through a referral network of doctors and clinics. The Company also intends to develop a network of branded destination domestic and international clinics capable of providing RAAM-based therapies and treatments.The Company competes with MiMedix Group, Inc., Organogenesis Inc., TissueTech (Amniox), Osiris, and BioD (dermaSciences).

» Full Overview of BPSR.PK







					Company Address



Biotech Products Services and Research Inc
4045 Sheridan Avenue,Suite 239MIAMI   FL   33140
P: +1305.3700482







					Company Web Links











					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Albert Mitrani

248,973




							 Ian Bothwell

--




							 Bruce Werber

--




							 Maria Mitrani

--




							 Terrell Suddarth

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Biotech Products Services and Research Inc News




» More BPSR.PK  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerHealthcareMedical Equipment, Supplies & Distribution


























									Biotech Products Services and Research, Inc. Commences Shipments of Company's First Amniotic Allograft Product |
									Newswire
			



































 




Biotech Products Services and Research, Inc. Commences Shipments of Company's First Amniotic Allograft Product


Press Release
-


									updated: Feb 14, 2017							

 


			Miami, FL, 
			February 14, 2017			(Newswire.com) -
	 Biotech Products Services and Research, Inc. (OTCPK: BPSR) (“Company”) today announced that its wholly-owned subsidiary, Anu Life Sciences Inc. (“Anu”), has recently received satisfactory validation for its first production batch of amniotic allograft biological product (“New Amnio Product”) and has commenced shipping the New Amnio Product to customers.  The New Amnio Product is being sold through Anu’s designated distributor and affiliate, General Surgical Inc. (“General Surgical”), under the name “Regen Anu Rheo.”  The Company expects to increase production of the New Amnio Product in quantities to ensure there is satisfactory inventory to meet anticipated demand.
The commencement of Regen Anu Rheo shipments follows the Company’s January 12, 2017 announcement that it had successfully completed trial production runs of Regen Anu Rheo and was only awaiting satisfactory confirmation of test results before commencing distribution.
Regen Anu Rheo is the first of several amniotic-based biologics products that the Company intends to develop, manufacture and supply to the health care industry, specifically health care providers including doctors, clinics and hospitals (“Providers”).
Mr. Albert Mitrani, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer commented, “We are excited to have successfully developed and produced the first of many of our planned newly developed innovative biologic tissue products.  We believe that our proprietary protocols for the processing of amniotic tissue are superior to those processes used in existing amniotic tissue derived products produced by our competitors.”
About Biotech Products Services and Research, Inc.
Biotech Products Services and Research, Inc. and its subsidiaries (“Company”) is a supplier of products and services used in the growing health care field of regenerative medicine. 
The Company’s strategy is to be a leading supplier of newly designed advanced biologically processed cellular and tissue based products and services used in the growing health care field of regenerative medicine.
CAUTIONARY COMMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
The foregoing contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We intend for these forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions of the federal securities laws relating to forward-looking statements. This release contains forward-looking statements that reflect Biotech Products Services & Research, Inc., and its subsidiaries, plans and expectations. In this press release and related comments by Company management, words like "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "goal" and similar expressions are used to identify forward-looking statements, representing management's current judgment and expectations about possible future events. 
Management believes these forward-looking statements and the judgments upon which they are based to be reasonable, but they are not guarantees of future performance and involve numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the Company's actual results, performance, achievements or financial position to be materially different from any expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements are set forth in our Form 10-K and other filings with the SEC. Other information can be obtained at www.bpsrhealth.com.  The contents of the Company’s website are not incorporated by reference in this Press Release. 
CONTACT: 
Biotech Products Services and Research, Inc.4045 Sheridan Ave., Suite 239Miami Beach, FL 33140Website: http://www.bpsrhealth.comPhone: (888) 963-7881Email: info@bpsrhealth.com
Source: Biotch Products Services and Research Inc.




		Share on Facebook
	


		Share on Twitter
	









Categories:
Healthcare 







									More Press Releases
								






Biotech Products Services and Research Inc. to Pursue Medical Cannabis License in Florida

Biotech Products Services and Research Inc.
-
Mar 2, 2017





Biotech Products Services and Research, Inc. Anounces Successful Trial Production of Company's First Amniotic Allograft Product

Biotech Products Services and Research Inc.
-
Jan 12, 2017













 









 



























 




			Newswire		



 




Get notified about new releases.
Sign up for email updates from Newswire.




Enter your email address



Notification Frequency 



Press Releases


Instant



Daily



Never



News


Instant



Daily



Never



Event


Instant



Daily



Never



Blog



Daily



Never



Facebook



Daily



Never



Twitter



Daily



Never





Subscribe


 




 










































Biotech Products Services & Research, Inc. Launches General Surgical Subsidiary - OTCMarkets.com





















OTC Markets


 





Home




Marketplaces















Market Activity



Current Market


Closing Summary


Broker Dealer Data


Corporate Actions


Short Sale Data


Reg SHO Data





News



Company News & Financials


Press Releases


Videos & Presentations


RSS Feeds


OTC Markets Events


OTC Markets Newsletter


OTC Markets Press Center





Services



Companies


Investors


Market Data


OTC Link® ATS





Research



Stock Screener


OTCQX Company List


Company Directory


Service Provider Directory


OTCQX Sponsors


Research Marketplace


Broker Dealer Directory


Prohibited Attorney List


Symbology


Glossary





Learn



Our Marketplaces


Market 101


Investor Protection


Reporting Requirements


American Depositary Receipts (ADRs)


How to Get Traded


Caveat Emptor Policy


FINRA & SEC Rules


Whitepapers


FAQs






 

 
 
 








Company Directory

|

Stock Screener







OTC Market Totals

-
Securities

-
Dollar Volume

-
Share Volume

-
Trades






 





Quote
Charts
Company Profile
News
Financials
Filings and Disclosure
Short Sales
Insider Disclosure
Research Reports
Videos and Presentations














BPSR


Biotech Products Services and Research, Inc.














 


                
                    Common Stock
                
                
            

                    SEC Reporting - Current
                




				 Pink Current Information 
				
			









































 

OTC Disclosure & News Service

 

« Back to News Headlines








 

Biotech Products Services & Research, Inc. Launches General Surgical Subsidiary
Jan 22, 2016
OTC Disclosure & News Service

                            
                                - 
Biotech Products Services & Research, Inc. Launches General Surgical Subsidiary
Biotech Products Services & Research, Inc. Launches General Surgical Subsidiary

Aimed to Increase Patient Referrals and Expand Product Marketing

BAY HARBOR ISLAND, FL--(Marketwired - Jan 22, 2016) -  Biotech Products Services & Research, Inc. (OTCQB: BPSR) ("Biotech" or the "Company") is proud to announce the launch of its wholly-owned subsidiary, General Surgical Florida, Inc. ("General Surgical"). 
The team at General Surgical will work towards establishing sales distribution channels of regenerative products to hospitals, physicians and third party distributors. Specifically, General Surgical will be providing access to advanced regenerative medical technologies (e.g., adipocyte, bone marrow and placental regenerative tissues), and expanding education services to providers in the Company's referral network.
Albert Mitrani, Biotech's CEO, commented, "This new branch of Biotech, we believe, will increase the depth of the patient referral network in our associated Beyond Cells subsidiary, as well as set the stage for sales and distribution of future product lines. We look forward to providing further information about General Surgical as developments occur."
About Biotech Products Services & Research, Inc.
Biotech Products Services & Research Inc., a Nevada corporation, focuses on a lifestyle of health and wellness. Our vision is to be a vertically integrated company, which primarily provides a patient referral service for integrative cellular therapies. Biotech also markets cellular products to doctors and hospitals.
Biotech aims to be the leader in the industry of innovative cell-based therapeutic with our unique strategy which will guide a future of customized disease management. Biotech also sells women's fashion products through its Ethan New York subsidiary as part of our vertically integrated health and wellness vision.
        For more information investors can visit www.bpsrhealth.com. 
CAUTIONARY COMMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
The foregoing contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We intend for these forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions of the federal securities laws relating to forward-looking statements. This release contains forward-looking statements that reflect Biotech Products Services & Research, Inc., plans and expectations. In this press release and related comments by Company management, words like "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "goal" and similar expressions are used to identify forward-looking statements, representing management's current judgment and expectations about possible future events.
Management believes these forward-looking statements and the judgments upon which they are based to be reasonable, but they are not guarantees of future performance and involve numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the Company's actual results, performance, achievements or financial position to be materially different from any expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements are set forth in our Form 10-K and other filings with the SEC. Other information can be obtained at www.bpsrhealth.com
Disclaimer: This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, and shall not constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful.



Biotech Products Services & Research, Inc.
info@bpsrhealth.com
1-888-417-8625






Copyright © 2016 Marketwired. All Rights Reserved
The above news release has been provided by the above company via the OTC Disclosure and News Service. Issuers of news releases and not OTC Markets Group Inc. are solely responsible for the accuracy of such news releases.












 



 







































									Biotech Products Services and Research, Inc. Anounces Successful Trial Production of Company's First Amniotic Allograft Product |
									Newswire
			



































 




Biotech Products Services and Research, Inc. Anounces Successful Trial Production of Company's First Amniotic Allograft Product


Press Release
-


									updated: Jan 12, 2017							

 


			Miami, FL, 
			January 12, 2017			(Newswire.com) -
	Biotech Products Services & Research Inc. (OTCPK: BPSR) (“Company”) today announced that its wholly owned subsidiary, Anu Life Sciences Inc. (“Anu”), has successfully completed several trial production runs of its first amniotic allograft biological product (“New Amnio Product”).
The New Amnio Product represents the first of several amniotic based biologics products that the Company intends to develop, manufacture and supply to the health care industry. Specifically supplying health care providers including doctors, clinics and hospitals (“Providers”) in connection with the Company’s previously announced strategy to become a leading supplier of newly designed advanced biologically processed cellular and tissue based products and services used in the growing health care field of regenerative medicine.
The Company expects the New Amnio Product to be commercially available through Anu’s designated distributor, General Surgical Inc. (“General Surgical”), also a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, during the first quarter of 2017, pending confirmation of test results validating the Company’s production processes and the current inventory on hand of the New Amnio Product. General Surgical intends to distribute Anu’s products to the health care industry and Providers, through a newly established in-house sales force and/or through arrangements with independent distributors.
The successful trial production runs referred to above follows the Company’s earlier announcement in November 2016 of the additions to its executive management team, including Chief Operating Officer, Dr. Bruce Werber, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Ian Bothwell, and Chief Science Officer, Dr. Maria Ines Mitrani, who joined Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Albert Mitrani.  The management team provides significant industry, technical and financial related experience as the Company begins the launch and expansion of the supply of newly developed innovative biologic tissue products.
Historically, the Company’s main revenue stream has been generated from patient referral fees and sales of products obtained through supply arrangements with third party manufacturers.  The Company believes that its New Amnio Product and the potential future products that it intends to develop and manufacturer will provide greater growth opportunities and increased revenues to the Company as a result of (a) proprietary cutting edge protocols in the processing of amniotic tissue for medical applications that will provide benefits to Providers and patients for treatments using amniotic tissue derived products that are highly competitive to the other products currently available in the market, (b) improved margins obtained on the sale of the products, and (c) increased sales resulting from marketing programs that are aimed to attract distributors and Providers.
Management believes that Anu’s manufacturing capacity will meet forecasted product supply demands for the New Amnio Product and can be easily scaled for further increases in demand and to expand production for additional products that Anu may develop in the future.
About Biotech Products Services and Research, Inc.
Biotech Products Services and Research Inc. and its subsidiaries (“Company”) is a supplier of products and services used in the growing health care field of regenerative medicine. 
The Company’s strategy is to be a leading supplier of newly designed advanced biologically processed cellular and tissue based products and services used in the growing health care field of regenerative medicine.
CAUTIONARY COMMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
The foregoing contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We intend for these forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions of the federal securities laws relating to forward-looking statements. This release contains forward-looking statements that reflect Biotech Products Services & Research, Inc., and its subsidiaries, plans and expectations. In this press release and related comments by Company management, words like "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "goal" and similar expressions are used to identify forward-looking statements, representing management's current judgment and expectations about possible future events. 
Management believes these forward-looking statements and the judgments upon which they are based to be reasonable, but they are not guarantees of future performance and involve numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the Company's actual results, performance, achievements or financial position to be materially different from any expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements are set forth in our Form 10-K and other filings with the SEC. Other information can be obtained at www.bpsrhealth.com.  The contents of the Company’s website are not incorporated by reference in this Press Release. 
Contact:
Biotech Products Services & Research, Inc.4045 Sheridan Ave.Suite 239Miami Beach, FL 33140Website: http://www.bpsrhealth.comPhone: (888) 963-7881Email: info@bpsrhealth.com
Source: Biotech Products Services and Research Inc.




		Share on Facebook
	


		Share on Twitter
	









Categories:
Healthcare, 	Publicly Traded 







									More Press Releases
								






Biotech Products Services and Research Inc. to Pursue Medical Cannabis License in Florida

Biotech Products Services and Research Inc.
-
Mar 2, 2017





Biotech Products Services and Research, Inc. Commences Shipments of Company's First Amniotic Allograft Product

Biotech Products Services and Research Inc.
-
Feb 14, 2017













 









 



























 




			Newswire		



 




Get notified about new releases.
Sign up for email updates from Newswire.




Enter your email address



Notification Frequency 



Press Releases


Instant



Daily



Never



News


Instant



Daily



Never



Event


Instant



Daily



Never



Blog



Daily



Never



Facebook



Daily



Never



Twitter



Daily



Never





Subscribe


 




 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Assets - Biotechgate - Biotechgate

























Log in
 

 



Request trial & quote




Main Menu


Main Menu







 







  Using our Licensing Data for Business Development

  Find potential business opportunities within our licensing section, with more than 18,000 Biotech and Pharma assets.

Our database provides information, not just for products and technologies currently listed for licensing, but also for those which will be available for out-licensing in the near future, along with historical records of past deals.
 
Why you should choose Biotechgate:

Heavily populated with emerging start-ups and medium-sized companies
Quickly and precisely identify the most relevant products
Easily filter by indication, licensing status, development phase etc.
Be automatically alerted when a product changes licensing status or clinical phase
Keep track of how other companies structure licensing deal








Explore our database of over 40,000 companies




Click to get started »









 






«I can only recommend the tool as it provides very comprehensive information and is easy to use. »




 
Oliver Middendorp, CEO at Numab




Our Partners













  
Licensing Benchmark Reports
Gain an insight into key financial details of big Pharma and small Biotech licensing deals.
Learn more »





Investor Database
Find the right investor for your company. Use our detailed filter functionality to quickly pinpoint one which fits your criteria.
Learn more »





Company and Deal Database
Find company information such as product pipelines, licensing opportunities, contact and management details and much more.
Learn more »




 












































GoBoldly - Latest news and stories from the American biopharmaceutical industry

















      Skip to main content
    
















Explore the innovative research and technological breakthroughs of America's biopharmaceutical industry, and get to know the people behind the fight to prevent, treat, and cure disease.


















Our Fight


Our Mission


Our Companies













FOLLOW US






©2017 Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America
950 F Street, NW Suite 300
Washington, DC 20004
202.835.3400 (P) | 202.835.3414 (F)
PhRMA.org Innovation.org
Privacy Policy Terms of Service


























AboutUS

Finding lifesaving medicines is a life's work – the work of 140,000 researchers who never say never. As well as the millions of patients who fight side by side with researchers in the battle for life, against whatever odds they face together.
Now is the time to put the accelerator to the floor. The best is yet to come – like advancements in personalized medicine and immunotherapy – and it's coming faster than we can imagine.
Welcome to the future of medicine. Where disease is no match for tenacity. No match for ingenuity. Where together, we go boldly.
DO NOT GO GENTLE
Today's breakthroughs are becoming tomorrow's medicines.
 Watch the Video 



























































DO NOT GO GENTLE

















DO NOT GO GENTLE





 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print







This is the most exciting time in the history of medicine. Millions of people around the world are benefiting from breakthrough treatments that save, extend and improve life.
Research, technology and genomics are coming together to create a platform that allows researchers to decipher the cause of disease as never before. Each advance opens new doors, new cures, new treatments.
And yet, it’s not enough.
"Today's breakthroughs become tomorrow's medicines." Tweet
Cures don’t appear on a schedule. In search of the unknowable, in search of curing the incurable, there is no one map, no singular template, no predictable milestones.
Finding lifesaving medicines is a life’s work – the work of thousands of researchers who never say never. It's also the work of millions of patients who fight side by side with researchers in the battle for life, against whatever odds they face together.
Now is the time to put the accelerator to the floor. The best is yet to come – like groundbreaking advances in immunotherapy and personalized medicine – where the once impossible is now reality.
Welcome to the future of medicine. Where disease is no match for tenacity. No match for ingenuity. Where together, we go boldly.
Dylan Thomas penned "Do not go gentle into that good night" in 1947, but the sentiment is as timely today as it ever was. Millions of Americans are battling serious illnesses, but they’re not alone in the fight. They have the support of thousands of biopharmaceutical researchers whose lives are dedicated to helping patients go boldly into longer, healthier, and more productive lives.
 










      RELATED NEWS
    



THE POWER OF MEDICINES
Saving lives and creating hope for the future.
VIEW THE GRAPHIC



DRIVING PERSONALIZED MEDICINE FORWARD
The biopharmaceutical industry is leading the charge in finding new medicines for patients.
VIEW THE GALLERY



TRANSLATING SCIENCE INTO NEW MEDICINES
The commitment it takes for researchers and scientists to achieve breakthroughs in medicine.
WATCH THE VIDEO





















 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print



















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
























Find cheap biotech research at up to 70% off - Compare99 Price Comparison



































Menu







Don’t miss the best deals!!!




Haven't found what you are looking for?
Try a more specific search term and we'll refine your results










Dyson DC19
Apple iPad
Green Summer Dress
Samsung Dishwasher
Nike Running Shoes


























Corbett Research Biotech FTS-1 FTS1 FTS-1 Thermal Sequencer

$199.99













Compare Prices 













Vitamin Research Products - Thermoloss EF (60 Caps)

$24.94


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Revita Stimulating Conditioner

$29.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













ISS Research Oh Yeah One Bar Birthday Cake-12   Bars

$24.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Corbett Research Biotech FTS-1 FTS1 FTS-1C Thermal Sequencer

$279.30













Compare Prices 













Jarrow Formulas Fem-Dophilus, 1 Billion Organisms Per Cap, Supports Vaginal and Urinary Tract Health, 30 Count (Cool Ship, Pack Of 3)

$52.38


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Vitamin Research Products - Blast Off Caps (90 Caps)

$14.94


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Jarrow Formulas Fem-Dophilus, Supports Vaginal and Urinary Tract Health, 60 Capsules

$29.36


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Biotics Research Herbals/Herbal Extracts - Berberine HCl - 90 Capsules

$38.50


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Jarrow Formulas Fem-Dophilus, Supports Vaginal and Urinary Tract Health, 60 Capsules (Cool Ship, Pack of 3)

$62.85


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Vitamin Research Products - Glabrinex (90 Caps)

$49.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Jarrow Formulas Fem-Dophilus, 5 Billion Organisms Per Cap, For Vaginal and Urinary Tract Health, 30 Count (Cool Ship, 3 Pack)

$56.61


In Stock


Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















Vitamin Research Products - LipiControl (180 Caps)

$49.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Bionutritional Research Group Power Crunch Power Crunch Wildberry-12   Bars

$15.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Vitamin Research Products - Silver Liquid 400 PPM (4 fl oz)

$59.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















The product information displayed on this page is provided to us in regular hourly intervals from thousands of retailers and we update our search results in real time. Unfortunately there can sometimes be delays between retailers providing us with updated information such as prices or stock levels, so the details on this page can become out of date. We always advise you to double check the prices on the retailers site, if you spot any problems please let us know so we can investigate.














Categories

Antiques
Art
Baby
Books
Business & Industrial
Cameras & Photo
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Accessories & Health & Beauty
Coins & Paper Money
View all Categories





Refine

Antiquities
Architectural & Garden
Asian Antiques
Decorative Arts
Ethnographic
Furniture
Home & Hearth
Incunabula
Linens & Textiles (Pre-1930)
View all categories





Antiquities



Architectural & Garden



Asian Antiques



Decorative Arts





Refine

Art from Dealers & Resellers
Direct from the Artist
Wholesale Lots
View all categories





Art from Dealers & Resellers



Direct from the Artist



Wholesale Lots





Refine

Baby Gear
Baby Safety & Health
Bathing & Grooming
Car Safety Seats
Carriers, Slings & Backpacks
Diapering
Feeding
Keepsakes & Baby Announcements
Nursery Bedding
View all categories





Baby Gear



Baby Safety & Health



Bathing & Grooming



Car Safety Seats





Refine

Accessories
Antiquarian & Collectible
Audiobooks
Catalogs
Children & Young Adults
Cookbooks
Fiction & Literature
Magazine Back Issues
Nonfiction
View all categories





Accessories



Antiquarian & Collectible



Audiobooks



Catalogs





Refine

Agriculture & Forestry
Automation, Motors & Drives
Construction
Electrical & Test Equipment
Fuel & Energy
Healthcare, Lab & Life Science
Heavy Equipment
Heavy Equipment Attachments
Heavy Equipment Parts & Accs
View all categories





Agriculture & Forestry



Automation, Motors & Drives



Construction



Electrical & Test Equipment





Refine

Binoculars & Telescopes
Camcorders
Camera & Photo Accessories
Camera Drones
Camera Manuals & Guides
Digital Cameras
Digital Photo Frames
Film Photography
Flashes & Flash Accessories
View all categories





Binoculars & Telescopes



Camcorders



Camera & Photo Accessories



Camera Drones





Refine

Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts
Cell Phone Accessories
Cell Phones & Smartphones
Display Phones
Other Cell Phones & Accs
Phone Cards & SIM Cards
Smart Watch Accessories
Smart Watches
Vintage Cell Phones
View all categories





Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts



Cell Phone Accessories



Cell Phones & Smartphones



Display Phones





Refine

Bath & Body
Costumes, Reenactment, Theater
Cultural & Ethnic Clothing
Dancewear
Fragrances
Hair Care & Styling
Health Care
Kids' Clothing, Shoes & Accs
Makeup
View all categories





Bath & Body



Costumes, Reenactment, Theater



Cultural & Ethnic Clothing



Dancewear





Refine

Bullion
Bullion
Coins: Canada
Coins: Medieval
Coins: US
Coins: World
Exonumia
Other Coins & Paper Money
Paper Money: US
View all categories





Bullion



Bullion



Coins: Canada



Coins: Medieval















 

BioPortfolio | biotech investment newsletter | Smarter analyst






























































































































 | Login
| Connect                                






Premium Services























 















































 



























Find cheap biotech research at up to 70% off - DoingUp Price Comparison



































Menu







Don’t miss the best deals!!!




Haven't found what you are looking for?
Try a more specific search term and we'll refine your results










Dyson DC19
Apple iPad
Green Summer Dress
Samsung Dishwasher
Nike Running Shoes




























BASIC RESEARCH NOVEX BIOTECH COMPANY CUTTING GEL, 6 FZ


$60.29






Compare Prices 















Vitamin Research Products - Glabrinex (90 Caps)


$49.95






Compare Prices 















Revita Stimulating Conditioner


$29.99






Compare Prices 















Vitamin Research Products - LipiControl (180 Caps)


$49.95






Compare Prices 















Biotech Research Foot Choice Remote


$30.00






Compare Prices 















Jarrow Formulas Fem-Dophilus, 1 Billion Organisms Per Cap, Supports Vaginal and Urinary Tract Health, 30 Count (Cool Ship, Pack Of 3)


$52.38






Compare Prices 















Corbett Research Biotech FTS-1 FTS1 FTS-1 Thermal Sequencer


$199.99






Compare Prices 















Vitamin Research Products - Silver Liquid 400 PPM (4 fl oz)


$59.95






Compare Prices 















Jarrow Formulas Fem-Dophilus, Supports Vaginal and Urinary Tract Health, 60 Capsules


$29.36






Compare Prices 















Vitamin Research Products - BioDIM (150 mg, 60 Caps)


$44.95






Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 























Corbett Research Biotech FTS-1 FTS1 FTS-1C Thermal Sequencer


$279.30






Compare Prices 















Jarrow Formulas Fem-Dophilus, Supports Vaginal and Urinary Tract Health, 60 Capsules (Cool Ship, Pack of 3)


$62.85






Compare Prices 















Vitamin Research Products - Fumaric Acid (500 mg, 90 Caps)


$27.94






Compare Prices 















Jarrow Formulas Fem-Dophilus, 5 Billion Organisms Per Cap, For Vaginal and Urinary Tract Health, 30 Count (Cool Ship, 3 Pack)


$56.61






Compare Prices 















Vitamin Research Products - Thermoloss EF (60 Caps)


$24.94






Compare Prices 















Vitamin Research Products - Blast Off Caps (90 Caps)


$14.94






Compare Prices 















Vitamin Research Products - HerBalance I (90 Caps)


$24.94






Compare Prices 















Vitamin Research Products - Vitamin D3 (5000 IU, 120 Caps)


$15.94






Compare Prices 















Vitamin Research Products - Policosanol (10 mg, 60 Caps)


$19.94






Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















The product information displayed on this page is provided to us in regular hourly intervals from thousands of retailers and we update our search results in real time. Unfortunately there can sometimes be delays between retailers providing us with updated information such as prices or stock levels, so the details on this page can become out of date. We always advise you to double check the prices on the retailers site, if you spot any problems please let us know so we can investigate.














Categories

Bath
Bedding
Bird & Wildlife Accessories
Food & Beverages
Fresh Cut Flowers & Supplies
Furniture
Garden Décor
Garden Fencing
Garden Structures & Shade
View all Categories





Refine

Bath Accessory Sets
Bath Caddies & Storage
Bathmats, Rugs & Toilet Covers
Medicine Cabinets
Mirrors
Non-Slip Appliques & Mats
Other Bathroom Items
Scales
Shelves
View all categories





Bath Accessory Sets



Bath Caddies & Storage



Bathmats, Rugs & Toilet Covers



Medicine Cabinets





Refine

Bed Pillows
Bed Skirts
Bed-in-a-Bag
Blankets & Throws
Canopies & Netting
Comforters & Sets
Decorative Bed Pillows
Duvet Covers & Sets
Mattress Pads & Feather Beds
View all categories





Bed Pillows



Bed Skirts



Bed-in-a-Bag



Blankets & Throws





Refine

Bat & Butterfly Houses
Birdbaths
Birdhouses
Nectar Feeders
Other Bird & Wildlife Accs
Seed Feeders
View all categories





Bat & Butterfly Houses



Birdbaths



Birdhouses



Nectar Feeders





Refine

Alcohol & Alcohol Mixers
Baking Chips
Baking Chocolate
Baking Mixes
Beer & Wine Making
Bread
Buffalo, Beef & Turkey Jerky
Candy, Gum & Chocolate
Cereals & Breakfast Foods
View all categories





Alcohol & Alcohol Mixers



Baking Chips



Baking Chocolate



Baking Mixes





Refine

Bulk Fresh Flowers
Cut Flower Arranging Supplies
Fresh Cut Flower Bouquets
Other Fresh Cut Flowers
View all categories





Bulk Fresh Flowers



Cut Flower Arranging Supplies



Fresh Cut Flower Bouquets



Other Fresh Cut Flowers





Refine

Armoires & Wardrobes
Bar Stools
Bean Bags & Inflatables
Bedroom Sets
Beds & Mattresses
Benches & Stools
Bookcases
CD & Video Racks
Cabinets & Cupboards
View all categories





Armoires & Wardrobes



Bar Stools



Bean Bags & Inflatables



Bedroom Sets





Refine

Flag Poles & Parts
Flags
Garden Plaques & Signs
Other Garden Décor
Outdoor Thermometers
Plant Stands
Rain Gauges
Statues & Lawn Ornaments
Stepping Stones
View all categories





Flag Poles & Parts



Flags



Garden Plaques & Signs



Other Garden Décor





Refine

Chain Link Fencing
Fence Panels
Fence Pickets
Fence Posts
Fencing Clips & Brackets
Gabions
Garden Gates
Hardware Cloth, Metal Mesh
Other Garden Fencing
View all categories





Chain Link Fencing



Fence Panels



Fence Pickets



Fence Posts





Refine

Arbors & Arches
Awnings & Canopies
Bridges
Garden & Storage Sheds
Gazebos
Greenhouses & Cold Frames
Marquees & Tents
Other Structures & Shade
Pergolas
View all categories





Arbors & Arches



Awnings & Canopies



Bridges



Garden & Storage Sheds




















biotech research products - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Biotech and Pharma Products - Global Database | biotechgate.com



Ad
 ·
www.biotechgate.com/​Database/​Assets



Find products of all pipeline stages. Request a free trial.




Biotics Research Vitamins | TotalDiscountVitamins.com



Ad
 ·
TotalDiscountVitamins.com/​Biotics



FREE SHIPPING on all Biotics Research Vitamins  -  See Discount Code


totaldiscountvitamins.com is rated


















Rated 5.0 out of 5.0

(3,114 reviews)




Discount Biotics Research - Top Biotics Research - top prices!



Ad
 ·
www.Biotics-Research.BEST-PRICE.com



Top Biotics Research - top prices! Save up to 75% on Biotics Research.





Health and Beauty



Perfumes and Colognes



Personal Care



Cosmetics



Nutrition





Biotechnology Research - Search Biotechnology Research



Ad
 ·
www.searchall.com/​Biotechnology Research



Search multiple engines for biotechnology research















Oncolytics Biotech




Oncolytics Biotech Inc. is a Canadian company headquartered in Calgary, Alberta, that focuses on the development of pharmaceutical products for the treatment of human cancers. The product

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Biotechnology Makes a Difference | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/biotechnology-makes-a-difference_us...


It has now been 20 years since farmers first began using products of ag biotechnology ... biotechnology research ... Biotechnology Makes a Difference.


Biotechnology - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Biotech_company


Biotechnology is the research and development in the laboratory using ... Whether or not green biotechnology products such as this are ultimately more environmentally ...


Biotechnology industry in China - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Biotechnology_industry_in_China


Biotechnology industry in China. ... which has promoted the development of blood products. ... and research institutions. ...


Pierce Biotechnology - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Pierce_Biotechnology


The company would soon change its name to Pierce Biotechnology, Inc. to reflect its focus and expertise on these growing areas. ... Pierce Protein Research Products;


Biotech Startups Hit the Ground Running, With Six Filing ...

https://techcrunch.com/2016/01/04/biotech-startups-hit-the-ground...


Biotech Startups Hit the Ground Running, With Six ... commercializing gene therapy products for ... by the research company AbbVie in ...


Department of Biotechnology - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Department_of_Biotechnology


The Department of Biotechnology ... them have given a new direction to biotechnology research in ... with significant investments to create new products, ...


Grace Bio-Labs - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Grace_Bio-Labs


Grace Bio-Labs is a global supplier of pharmaceutical, biomedical, and biochemical research products based in Bend, Oregon, United States. They develop the thin-cast ...


Puget Technologies Establishes Cannabis BioTech - aol.com

https://www.aol.com/article/finance/2013/09/23/puget-technologies...


Cannabis BioTech is in the research and development stages of creating a cannabis (marijuana) derived medicinal product line. These products are intended to deliver ...


Life Sciences | TechCrunch

https://techcrunch.com/tag/life-sciences


It’s long been the case that life sciences investors don’t get the ... future of biotech research. ... and reshaping how products are made across ...


Generic Biotech Drugs Stymied By Slow, Costly Process ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/03/05/generic-biotech-drugs_n_1320557.html


* Biosimilars seen priced 10-40 pct below branded biotech drugs * Intellectual property, regulatory uncertainties remain










Biotech and Pharma Products - Global Database | biotechgate.com



Ad
 ·
www.biotechgate.com/​Database/​Assets



Find products of all pipeline stages. Request a free trial.




Biotics Research Vitamins | TotalDiscountVitamins.com



Ad
 ·
TotalDiscountVitamins.com/​Biotics



FREE SHIPPING on all Biotics Research Vitamins  -  See Discount Code


totaldiscountvitamins.com is rated


















Rated 5.0 out of 5.0

(3,114 reviews)




Discount Biotics Research - Top Biotics Research - top prices!



Ad
 ·
www.Biotics-Research.BEST-PRICE.com



Top Biotics Research - top prices! Save up to 75% on Biotics Research.





Health and Beauty



Perfumes and Colognes



Personal Care



Cosmetics



Nutrition





Biotechnology Research - Search Biotechnology Research



Ad
 ·
www.searchall.com/​Biotechnology Research



Search multiple engines for biotechnology research



Searches related tobiotech research products



biotech products services and research


biotech research


biotech research canton ohio


biotech research companies



biotech research labs inc


biotech research corp


biotech and pharmaceutical recruiters


biotech research center




12345Next

Related Searches



biotech products services and research


biotech research


biotech research canton ohio


biotech research companies


biotech research labs inc


biotech research corp


biotech and pharmaceutical recruiters


biotech research center




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network























Find cheap biotech research at up to 70% off - GratefulGoose Price Comparison



































Menu







Don’t miss the best deals!!!




Haven't found what you are looking for?
Try a more specific search term and we'll refine your results










Dyson DC19
Apple iPad
Green Summer Dress
Samsung Dishwasher
Nike Running Shoes




























BASIC RESEARCH NOVEX BIOTECH COMPANY CUTTING GEL, 6 FZ


$60.29






Compare Prices 















Vitamin Research Products - Glabrinex (90 Caps)


$49.95






Compare Prices 















Revita Stimulating Conditioner


$29.99






Compare Prices 















Vitamin Research Products - LipiControl (180 Caps)


$49.95






Compare Prices 















Biotech Research Foot Choice Remote


$30.00






Compare Prices 















Jarrow Formulas Fem-Dophilus, 1 Billion Organisms Per Cap, Supports Vaginal and Urinary Tract Health, 30 Count (Cool Ship, Pack Of 3)


$52.38






Compare Prices 















Corbett Research Biotech FTS-1 FTS1 FTS-1 Thermal Sequencer


$199.99






Compare Prices 















Vitamin Research Products - Silver Liquid 400 PPM (4 fl oz)


$59.95






Compare Prices 















Jarrow Formulas Fem-Dophilus, Supports Vaginal and Urinary Tract Health, 60 Capsules


$29.36






Compare Prices 















Vitamin Research Products - BioDIM (150 mg, 60 Caps)


$44.95






Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 























Corbett Research Biotech FTS-1 FTS1 FTS-1C Thermal Sequencer


$279.30






Compare Prices 















Jarrow Formulas Fem-Dophilus, Supports Vaginal and Urinary Tract Health, 60 Capsules (Cool Ship, Pack of 3)


$62.85






Compare Prices 















Vitamin Research Products - Fumaric Acid (500 mg, 90 Caps)


$27.94






Compare Prices 















Jarrow Formulas Fem-Dophilus, 5 Billion Organisms Per Cap, For Vaginal and Urinary Tract Health, 30 Count (Cool Ship, 3 Pack)


$56.61






Compare Prices 















Vitamin Research Products - Thermoloss EF (60 Caps)


$24.94






Compare Prices 















Vitamin Research Products - Blast Off Caps (90 Caps)


$14.94






Compare Prices 















Vitamin Research Products - HerBalance I (90 Caps)


$24.94






Compare Prices 















Vitamin Research Products - Vitamin D3 (5000 IU, 120 Caps)


$15.94






Compare Prices 















Vitamin Research Products - Policosanol (10 mg, 60 Caps)


$19.94






Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















The product information displayed on this page is provided to us in regular hourly intervals from thousands of retailers and we update our search results in real time. Unfortunately there can sometimes be delays between retailers providing us with updated information such as prices or stock levels, so the details on this page can become out of date. We always advise you to double check the prices on the retailers site, if you spot any problems please let us know so we can investigate.














Categories

Antiques
Art
Baby
Books
Business & Industrial
Cameras & Photo
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Accessories & Health & Beauty
Coins & Paper Money
View all Categories





Refine

Antiquities
Architectural & Garden
Asian Antiques
Decorative Arts
Ethnographic
Furniture
Home & Hearth
Incunabula
Linens & Textiles (Pre-1930)
View all categories





Antiquities



Architectural & Garden



Asian Antiques



Decorative Arts





Refine

Art from Dealers & Resellers
Direct from the Artist
Wholesale Lots
View all categories





Art from Dealers & Resellers



Direct from the Artist



Wholesale Lots





Refine

Baby Gear
Baby Safety & Health
Bathing & Grooming
Car Safety Seats
Carriers, Slings & Backpacks
Diapering
Feeding
Keepsakes & Baby Announcements
Nursery Bedding
View all categories





Baby Gear



Baby Safety & Health



Bathing & Grooming



Car Safety Seats





Refine

Accessories
Antiquarian & Collectible
Audiobooks
Catalogs
Children & Young Adults
Cookbooks
Fiction & Literature
Magazine Back Issues
Nonfiction
View all categories





Accessories



Antiquarian & Collectible



Audiobooks



Catalogs





Refine

Agriculture & Forestry
Automation, Motors & Drives
Construction
Electrical & Test Equipment
Fuel & Energy
Healthcare, Lab & Life Science
Heavy Equipment
Heavy Equipment Attachments
Heavy Equipment Parts & Accs
View all categories





Agriculture & Forestry



Automation, Motors & Drives



Construction



Electrical & Test Equipment





Refine

Binoculars & Telescopes
Camcorders
Camera & Photo Accessories
Camera Drones
Camera Manuals & Guides
Digital Cameras
Digital Photo Frames
Film Photography
Flashes & Flash Accessories
View all categories





Binoculars & Telescopes



Camcorders



Camera & Photo Accessories



Camera Drones





Refine

Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts
Cell Phone Accessories
Cell Phones & Smartphones
Display Phones
Other Cell Phones & Accs
Phone Cards & SIM Cards
Smart Watch Accessories
Smart Watches
Vintage Cell Phones
View all categories





Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts



Cell Phone Accessories



Cell Phones & Smartphones



Display Phones





Refine

Bath & Body
Costumes, Reenactment, Theater
Cultural & Ethnic Clothing
Dancewear
Fragrances
Hair Care & Styling
Health Care
Kids' Clothing, Shoes & Accs
Makeup
View all categories





Bath & Body



Costumes, Reenactment, Theater



Cultural & Ethnic Clothing



Dancewear





Refine

Bullion
Bullion
Coins: Canada
Coins: Medieval
Coins: US
Coins: World
Exonumia
Other Coins & Paper Money
Paper Money: US
View all categories





Bullion



Bullion



Coins: Canada



Coins: Medieval

















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































