



Jeffrey J Bird in Saint Croix Falls, WI 54024 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Wisconsin
» Saint Croix Falls
» Pumps & Water Well Drilling
» Jeffrey J Bird













Jeffrey J Bird


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





1468 Lenards St  Saint Croix Falls, Wisconsin 54024


(715) 646-1358


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Jeffrey J Bird is located at the address 1468 Lenards St in Saint Croix Falls, Wisconsin 54024.  They can be contacted via phone at (715) 646-1358 for pricing, hours and directions.  Jeffrey J Bird specializes in No Hot Water, Grease Traps, Ranges / Ovens / Stoves.  Jeffrey J Bird has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .Jeffrey J Bird provides Septic Tanks, Reconditioned Appliances, Customer Service to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Jeffrey J Bird view the map to the right.  For reviews of Jeffrey J Bird see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


air conditioning
, Filters
, Energy Management Systems
, Pool Heaters
, Walk-In Coolers
, Radiators
, Water Mains
, Central Heat
, Heat Pumps
, Refrigerators



SERVICES


Cleaning Services
, Pump Repairs
, Financing Available
, Customer Service
, Reconditioned Appliances
, Septic Tanks
, Water Systems
, Tanks
, Installations & Replacements
, Clean Up Services


 BRANDS


Bryant
, Bradford White
, Ruud
, Coleman
, Goodman
, Whirlpool
, Frigidaire
, Heil
, American-Standard
, Lutron


 SPECIALTIES


No Hot Water
, Air Conditioners
, Ranges / Ovens / Stoves
, Dishwashers
, Grease Traps
, Fans
, Custom Construction
, Pumps
, Duct cleaning
, Water Pressure Problems



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (715) 646-1358
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 1
Exact Sales Volume: 15000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


Pumps & Water Well Drilling
Heating & Air-Conditioning Contractors
Construction
Specialty Contractors



People Also Viewed


St Croix Plumbing Htg & Ac


107 S Blanding Woods Rd  Saint Croix Falls, Wisconsin 54024





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM















BIRD, JEFFREY J, Saint Croix Falls, Wisconsin, WI 54024-8142














Join
or
Sign In





Toggle





All Contractors
By Category
By State


Government Contractors > BIRD, JEFFREY J



BIRD, JEFFREY JSaint Croix Falls, Wisconsin


(715) 646-1358
1468 Lenard St
Saint Croix Falls, WI 54024-8142



Products & Services
NAICS Code(s)


236220Commercial and Institutional Building Construction





Expand Map


Found any discrepancies in your company profile?
Request to update/remove the information







Company Information


Company Name:
BIRD, JEFFREY J
Address:1468 Lenard StCity:Saint Croix FallsState:WisconsinZip Code:54024-8142Phone:715-646-1358Contact Person:JEFFERY J BIRDLegal Structure:Sole ProprietorshipYear Established:2007Ownership:
Asian Pacific American Other Minority Owned



See Also

ATTRACT LLC  Saint Croix Falls,  Wi
Commercial and Institutional Building Construction,  Commercial Gravure Printing,  Custom Architectural Woodwork and Millwork Manufacturing,  Interior Design Services


NEI, NORTHERN ELECTRICIANS, INC.  Saint Croix Falls,  Wi
Construction Sand and Gravel Mining,  New Single-Family Housing Construction (except Operative Builders),  New Multifamily Housing Construction (except Operative Builders),  New 










Home
About USAOPPS
USAOPPS BID
Pricing
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Local Sites



© 2015 USAOPPS.com. All rights reserved.








Jeffrey J Bird - Marlborough, MA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Jeffrey J Bird in Marlborough, MA


Jeffrey J Bird

                                                                           Intelius found that Jeffrey J Bird  is  a male between 30 and 40 years old from Marlborough, MA.  We have connected them to
                10 addresses,
                0 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Jeff J Bird


Get Report Now

Age

Jeffrey J Bird is in his 30s

Jeffrey Has Lived In

Marlborough, MA
Standish, ME
Farmington, ME

Jeffrey's Relatives

Jon Bird
Olivia Davis-bird
Suzanne Bird
Lisa Bird







Jeffrey J Bird



Zodiac SignGemini



GenderMale



Professional Status
General Manager at Town Sports International



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Jeffrey? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Jeffrey, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Jeffrey J Bird
Get a Criminal Check on Jeffrey J Bird
Get a Public Record Report on Jeffrey J Bird
Get a People Search Report on Jeffrey J Bird


Jeffrey J Bird's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Jeffrey J Bird has lived as well as Jeffrey J Bird's phone numbers and email addresses.




Jeffrey J Bird Has Lived in 2 States
Massachusetts Address for Jeffrey J Bird


46 H******* S* 

Marlborough, MA


Has Lived In

Marlborough, MA
Standish, ME


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Jeffrey J Bird



Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Jeffrey J Bird



Get Email Report




Jeffrey J Bird's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Jeffrey J Bird's academic history.  Find out which schools Jeffrey J Bird attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Jeffrey J Bird received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Jeffrey J Bird Has Attended 1 School
University of Maine 1997 – 2002               Jeffrey J Bird has a  Community Health               


Jeffrey J Bird's Professional Information
Information regarding Jeffrey J Bird's professional history.  Find out previous places Jeffrey J Bird has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Jeffrey J Bird Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Town Sports International
               Title: General Manager
Jeffrey J Bird's Experience
Title: General Manager
               Company: Town Sports International
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Jeffrey J Bird

 See Jeffrey J Bird's LinkedIn Profile



Jeffrey J Bird's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Jeffrey J Bird


Jeffrey J Bird's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Jeffrey J Bird's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Jeffrey Bird
Username Matches

                  JeffreyBird
                  BirdJeffrey
                  Jeffrey.Bird
                  Bird.Jeffrey
                  Jeffrey_Bird
                  Bird_Jeffrey
                  Jeffrey-Bird
                  Bird-Jeffrey
                  JBird
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Bird







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Bird, Jeffrey J MD 34 Maple St Norwalk, CT Doctors - MapQuest







































































































    Bird, Jeffrey J MD
  

34 Maple St

Norwalk
CT
06850




 Reviews



(203) 852-2025

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help
































 













 


 












Jeffrey J. Bird, Dril-Quip, Inc. CFO & VP - REDBOOKS








































Brands, Marketers, Agencies. Search Less. Sell More.





/   SIGN IN

GET A FREE TRIAL   
CONTACT US: (800) 908-5395





















Jeffrey J. Bird
CFO & VP, Dril-Quip, Inc.








              Real-time sales trigger feed - generated by REDBOOKS machine learning and natural language processing technology, tracking 800,000+ news sources to aggregate all new executives, job/role changes and news on decision makers, brands and agencies in the media/marketing industry.
              

              This sales feed is for Jeffrey J. Bird at Dril-Quip, Inc.. Jeffrey J. Bird works as CFO & VP , acting in a Executive Management role .  Dril-Quip, Inc. is a leader in Machinery & Supplies .
              REDBOOKS tracks personnel changes for advertisers spending over $1 million annually.
              

              For more Executive Management leads or media/marketing prospecting automation, start a free trial now.
              

Recent Related News

03/13/2017:


CFO Moves – week ending March 10, 2017

Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
NOTE: CFO Search Report available monthly to CFOs only. Read more here.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search). Samuel can be reached by email at samuel@dergelcfo.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
.....

People In This Article:
Jeffrey J. Bird
,                                            Jerry M. Brooks
 

03/12/2017:


Dril Quip : Appointed Jeffrey Bird As Vice President & Chief Financial Officer

Dril-Quip, Inc. (DRQ) announced that it has appointed Jeffrey J. Bird as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective March 13, 2017. Mr. Bird will succeed Jerry M. Brooks, who has accepted the newly created position of Vice President of Investor Relations, effective March 13, 2017. Mr. Bird, age 50, served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Frank … (continue reading)

People In This Article:
Jeffrey J. Bird
,                                            Jerry M. Brooks
 






Learn more about Jeffrey J. Bird  and 260,000+ key contacts

  Create targeted lead lists

  Gain insider knowledge with advanced machine  learning
  Real-time verified contact info



Enter Work Email:

Please enter email address.
 Please enter valid email address.









             Learn more about Jeffrey J. Bird and 260,000+ key contacts
            



























First Name *

 Please enter first name.




Last Name *

 Please enter last name.






Company Name *

 Please enter company name.






Email *





Phone *

 Please enter phone number.
 Please enter 10 digits number.





What industry are you in? *  
                (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the industry.




                     Media Sales
                  




                     Production
                  




                     Ad-Tech/Mar-Tech
                  




                     Sponsorship Sales
                  



  Agency New Business
                  



  Other:
                  




What is your role? *
                 
                 (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the role.



  C-Suite
                  



  VP/Manager
                  



  Sales Rep
                  



  Other:
                  














Thank you for registering for a Free REDBOOKS.com Trial!
We are processing your request and will be in touch shortly to get you started!
For Immediate Assistance, please call us at (800) 908-5395 or email us at info@redbooks.com


























Home
Learn More
FREE Trial


Features




AD THINK Events
Thought Leadership Events
Top Advertiser Directory
Top Agency Directory



Add Your Agency
Update Your Agency
Agency Showcase
Advertising Associations
Creative Spotlight
Services and Suppliers


About Us
Blog
Contact Us
Jobs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





Customer Support
(800) 908-5395
Connect with us




















Copyright © 2017 Red Books LLC. All rights reserved








































 



Jeffrey J Bird 的个人主页 | Facebook


Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017

















 



Jeffrey J. Bird , Dril-Quip, Inc. - Leadership® Profile

































Products


Resources


About 


Client Support


Order








Leadership® ProfileLast changed: 7/24/2017  
Jeffrey J. Bird  
Vice President and Chief Financial OfficerDril-Quip, Inc.
Telephone, and Fax available

Total Positions available: 1

Career History includes:
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,  Frank's International,  , (2014-2017) 
(3 additional careers available)


 Purchase This Profile
Request Free Trial


Subscribe to one of these Leadership® Online products for unlimited access:
Leadership® Companies Premium Leadership Networks® The Leadership Library®


About Leadership Directories, Inc. [LDI]

	Leadership Directories, Inc. [LDI] is a B2B information services company which provides premium content and contact solutions. LDI researches and publishes verified profiles of influential people and organizations from the federal government, state and local governments, public and private companies, law firms and courts, media outlets, healthcare organizations, nonprofits and associations, and the U.S. Congress.LDI's unique database of 900,000 contacts and 165,000 organizations is available online, in print, and as custom data services. Our high-quality data is updated daily with 4,000+ changes verified by NYC- and DC-based staff.


 




                Toll free: 1-800-627-0311

                1407 Broadway, Suite 318, New York, NY 10018
Tel: (212) 627-4140     Fax: (212) 645-0931
            

                1667 K Street, NW, Suite 801, Washington, DC 20006
Tel: (202) 347-7757       Fax:
                (202) 628-3430
            




Terms of use

|

Privacy Policy

|

FAQ

|

Contact us


 ©  Leadership Directories, Inc.
            





