


James Eric Bjornholt - Tempe, AZ | Intelius



























Sign In



We found James Eric Bjornholt in Tempe, AZ


James Eric Bjornholt

                                                                           Intelius found that James Eric Bjornholt  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from Tempe, AZ.  We have connected them to
                8 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Eric E Bjornholt


Get Report Now

Age

James Eric Bjornholt is in his 40s

James Has Lived In

Tempe, AZ
Chandler, AZ
Mesa, AZ

James's Relatives

Lynn Bjornholt
Ruby Bjornholt
John Bjornholt
Jason Bjornholt







James Eric Bjornholt



Zodiac SignLeo



GenderMale



Professional Status
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Microchip Technology Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about James? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about James, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on James Eric Bjornholt
Get a Criminal Check on James Eric Bjornholt
Get a Public Record Report on James Eric Bjornholt
Get a People Search Report on James Eric Bjornholt


James Eric Bjornholt's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where James Eric Bjornholt has lived as well as James Eric Bjornholt's phone numbers and email addresses.




James Eric Bjornholt Has Lived in 1 States
Arizona Address for James Eric Bjornholt


391 E V***** L* 

Tempe, AZ


Has Lived In

Tempe, AZ
Chandler, AZ


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with James Eric Bjornholt

(480) ***-**** - Chandler, AZ 
(480) ***-**** - Chandler, AZ 
(480) ***-**** - Chandler, AZ 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with James Eric Bjornholt

j*************t@***.com


Get Email Report




James Eric Bjornholt's Professional Information
Information regarding James Eric Bjornholt's professional history.  Find out previous places James Eric Bjornholt has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


James Eric Bjornholt Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: Microchip Technology Inc.
               Title: Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Company: Microchip Technology Inc.
               Title: Corporate Secretary
James Eric Bjornholt's Experience
Title: Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
               Company: Microchip Technology Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 5,000 to less than 25,000. Microchip Technology Incorporated is a leading provider of microcontroller, mixed-signal, analog and Flash-IP solutions, providing low-risk product development, lower total system cost and faster time to market for thousands of diverse customer applications worldwide. Headquartered in Chandler, Arizona, Microchip offers outstanding technical support along with dependable delivery and quality.
Title: Corporate Secretary
               Company: Microchip Technology Inc.
Job Details
               Microchip Technology Incorporated is a leading provider of microcontroller, mixed-signal, analog and Flash-IP solutions, providing low-risk product development, lower total system cost and faster time to market for thousands of diverse customer applications worldwide. Headquartered in Chandler, Arizona, Microchip offers outstanding technical support along with dependable delivery and quality.
Additional Professional Information on James Eric Bjornholt

 See James Eric Bjornholt's LinkedIn Profile



James Eric Bjornholt's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for James Eric Bjornholt


James Eric Bjornholt's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of James Eric Bjornholt's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
James Bjornholt
Username Matches

                  JamesBjornholt
                  BjornholtJames
                  James.Bjornholt
                  Bjornholt.James
                  James_Bjornholt
                  Bjornholt_James
                  James-Bjornholt
                  Bjornholt-James
                  JBjornholt
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Bjornholt







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.


















HP Inc. (HPQ) Position Raised by Whittier Trust Co. of Nevada Inc. | Daily Political










































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















HP Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for HP Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Oakbrook Investments LLC Sells 4,850 Shares of Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL)					

HP Inc. (HPQ) Position Raised by Whittier Trust Co. of Nevada Inc.					

Oakbrook Investments LLC Reduces Position in Welltower Inc. (NYSE:HCN)					

Royal Bank Of Canada (NYSE:RY) Position Maintained by Whittier Trust Co. of Nevada Inc.					

Molson Coors Brewing  Company (NYSE:TAP) Position Held by Whittier Trust Co. of Nevada Inc.					

Crane Company (NYSE:CR) Position Maintained by Whittier Trust Co. of Nevada Inc.					

Whittier Trust Co. of Nevada Inc. Sells 100 Shares of Hershey Company (The) (HSY)					

Spirit Realty Capital, Inc. (SRC) Stake Reduced by Whittier Trust Co. of Nevada Inc.					

Whittier Trust Co. Decreases Stake in Whole Foods Market, Inc. (NASDAQ:WFM)					

Whittier Trust Co. Has $374,000 Position in Ventas, Inc. (VTR)					

Whittier Trust Co. Has $396,000 Position in Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited (NYSE:TEVA)					

Axis Capital Holdings Limited (AXS) Position Maintained by Whittier Trust Co.					

Whittier Trust Co. Maintains Stake in Parker-Hannifin Corporation (NYSE:PH)					

US Bancorp DE Sells 5,812 Shares of Alliant Energy Corporation (LNT)					

Roper Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:ROP) Stake Reduced by US Bancorp DE					

Church & Dwight Company, Inc. (CHD) Stake Decreased by US Bancorp DE					

Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (NASDAQ:CBSH) Position Decreased by US Bancorp DE					

Lamb Weston Holdings Inc. (NYSE:LW) Shares Sold by US Bancorp DE					

Whittier Trust Co. Holds Position in DaVita HealthCare Partners Inc. (DVA)					

Head-To-Head Contrast: Callaway Golf (ELY) versus Sturm, Ruger & (NYSE:RGR)					





 





						HP Inc. (HPQ) Position Raised by Whittier Trust Co. of Nevada Inc.					

						 July 24th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Trevor Kearing 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Whittier Trust Co. of Nevada Inc. increased its stake in shares of  HP Inc. (NYSE:HPQ) by 15.4% during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The firm owned 7,443 shares of the computer maker’s stock after buying an additional 996 shares during the period. Whittier Trust Co. of Nevada Inc.’s holdings in HP were worth $130,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Several other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. American Beacon Advisors Inc. bought a new stake in shares of  HP during the first quarter valued at approximately $112,000.  CWM LLC boosted its stake in shares of  HP by 0.3% in the first quarter. CWM LLC now owns 6,419 shares of the computer maker’s stock valued at $115,000 after buying an additional 20 shares during the period.  YorkBridge Wealth Partners LLC boosted its stake in shares of  HP by 12.1% in the first quarter. YorkBridge Wealth Partners LLC now owns 6,257 shares of the computer maker’s stock valued at $118,000 after buying an additional 675 shares during the period.  First Command Bank boosted its stake in shares of  HP by 80.0% in the second quarter. First Command Bank now owns 6,714 shares of the computer maker’s stock valued at $118,000 after buying an additional 2,984 shares during the period.  Finally, TrimTabs Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of  HP by 88.9% in the first quarter. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC now owns 6,936 shares of the computer maker’s stock valued at $124,000 after buying an additional 3,264 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  79.63% of the company’s stock. 
HP Inc. (NYSE HPQ) opened at 19.19 on Monday. HP Inc. has a 52-week low of $13.55 and a 52-week high of $19.58. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $17.98 and its 200 day moving average price is $17.35. The firm has a market cap of $32.30 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.57 and a beta of 1.89. 




HP (NYSE:HPQ) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, May 24th. The computer maker reported $0.40 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.39 by $0.01. HP had a negative return on equity of 68.86% and a net margin of 4.94%. The business had revenue of $12.40 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $11.93 billion. During the same period last year, the business posted $0.41 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 7.0% on a year-over-year basis.  Equities research analysts anticipate that  HP Inc. will post $1.64 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, July 5th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, June 14th were given a $0.1327 dividend. This represents a $0.53 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.77%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Monday, June 12th. HP’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 37.32%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “HP Inc. (HPQ) Position Raised by Whittier Trust Co. of Nevada Inc.” was originally  published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/24/hp-inc-hpq-position-raised-by-whittier-trust-co-of-nevada-inc.html. 
Several brokerages recently commented on HPQ. UBS AG  reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $22.00 price objective (up previously from $20.00) on shares of HP in a research note on Thursday, May 25th. Royal Bank Of Canada upgraded shares of HP from a “sector perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and raised their price objective for the company from $21.00 to $22.00 in a research note on Thursday. BidaskClub cut shares of HP from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, June 17th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of HP from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $21.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) lifted their target price on shares of HP from $16.50 to $18.00 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Thursday, May 25th. Ten research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, fourteen have issued  a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $19.89.
In other HP news, insider Marie Myers sold 12,119 shares of HP stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, June 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $18.07, for a total transaction of $218,990.33. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 5,621 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $101,571.47. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Ron Coughlin sold 10,000 shares of HP stock in a transaction dated Monday, May 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $18.95, for a total value of $189,500.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 51,745 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $980,567.75. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders sold 1,213,319 shares of company stock valued at $22,226,676. 0.62% of the stock is owned by company insiders. 
About HP
HP Inc is a provider of products, technologies, software, solutions and services to individual consumers, small- and medium-sized businesses, and enterprises, including customers in the government, health and education sectors. The Company provides personal computing and other access devices, imaging and printing products, and related technologies, solutions and services.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HPQ? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for HP Inc. (NYSE:HPQ).






Receive News & Ratings for HP Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for HP Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 
























































﻿






























Carl Domino Inc Sells 12,975 Shares of HP Inc. (HPQ) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for HP Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor HP Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Conn’s, Inc. (CONN) Receives $21.00 Consensus Target Price from Analysts
Air Lease Corporation (NYSE:AL) Receives $44.40 Consensus Price Target from Analysts
State National Companies, Inc. (NASDAQ:SNC) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages
ON Semiconductor Corp (NASDAQ:ON) Receives $16.44 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages
Charter Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ:CHTR) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages
Brokerages Expect PFSweb, Inc. (PFSW) to Post -$0.09 Earnings Per Share
Breton Hill Capital Ltd. Purchases Shares of 33,848 Bemis Company, Inc. (NYSE:BMS)
Zealand Pharma A/S (ZLDPF) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
Woodward, Inc. (NASDAQ:WWD) Rating Reiterated by Wood & Company
Winmark Corporation (WINA) Downgraded to “Hold” at BidaskClub
Stifel Nicolaus Reaffirms Hold Rating for Werner Enterprises, Inc. (NASDAQ:WERN)
Carl Domino Inc Sells 12,975 Shares of HP Inc. (HPQ)
Carl Domino Inc Holds Stake in Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. (BRCD)
Analysts Expect Ecolab Inc. (NYSE:ECL) to Announce $1.12 Earnings Per Share
Nordstrom (NYSE:JWN) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.23
Corning (NYSE:GLW) Receives News Sentiment Rating of 0.21
Parsley Energy (NYSE:PE) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.21
Sucampo Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:SCMP) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.22
Favorable Media Coverage Very Likely to Affect Orion Energy Systems (NASDAQ:OESX) Stock Price
Lithia Motors (NYSE:LAD) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Study Finds







Carl Domino Inc Sells 12,975 Shares of HP Inc. (HPQ)


					Posted by Charlotte Bryant on Jul 26th, 2017 // No Comments




Carl Domino Inc lowered its stake in  HP Inc. (NYSE:HPQ) by 13.9% during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  owned 80,130 shares of the computer maker’s stock after selling 12,975 shares during the period. HP makes up  approximately  1.6% of Carl Domino Inc’s portfolio, making the stock its 17th largest position. Carl Domino Inc’s holdings in HP were worth $1,401,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Several other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Teachers Advisors LLC raised its position in  HP by 1.2% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 4,262,896 shares of the computer maker’s stock valued at $63,261,000 after buying an additional 49,674 shares in the last quarter.  Kentucky Retirement Systems purchased a new position in  HP during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $1,842,000.  Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund purchased a new position in  HP during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $822,000.  Searle & CO. purchased a new position in  HP during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $178,000.  Finally, Foundry Partners LLC purchased a new position in  HP during the first quarter valued at approximately $11,085,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  79.63% of the company’s stock. 


 Get HP Inc. alerts:



Shares of HP Inc. (HPQ) traded down 0.644% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $19.285. The stock had a trading volume of 2,970,982 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $32.46 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.639 and a beta of 1.89. HP Inc. has a 1-year low of $13.55 and a 1-year high of $19.58. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $17.99 and a 200 day moving average of $17.43. 





HP (NYSE:HPQ) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, May 24th. The computer maker reported $0.40 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.39 by $0.01. HP had a negative return on equity of 68.86% and a net margin of 4.94%. The firm had revenue of $12.40 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $11.93 billion. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $0.41 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 7.0% compared to the same quarter last year.  Analysts expect that  HP Inc. will post $1.64 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, October 4th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, September 13th will be issued a dividend of $0.1327 per share. This represents a $0.53 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.73%. HP’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 37.32%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was originally  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this report on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/26/carl-domino-inc-sells-12975-shares-of-hp-inc-hpq.html. 
HPQ has been the subject of several recent research reports. UBS AG  restated a “buy” rating and set a $20.00 price target (up previously from $18.00) on shares of HP in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Citigroup Inc. upgraded shares of HP from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their price target for the stock from $17.54 to $20.00 in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. Morgan Stanley upped their price target on shares of HP from $19.00 to $22.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. Barclays PLC raised shares of HP from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and upped their price objective for the stock from $17.00 to $22.00 in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of HP from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $21.00 price objective for the company in a report on Tuesday, April 25th. Nine investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, fourteen have given a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $19.89.
In other news, insider Ron Coughlin sold 10,000 shares of HP stock in a transaction dated Monday, May 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $18.95, for a total transaction of $189,500.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 51,745 shares in the company, valued at approximately $980,567.75. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Marie Myers sold 12,119 shares of HP stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, June 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $18.07, for a total value of $218,990.33. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 5,621 shares in the company, valued at approximately $101,571.47. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 1,213,319 shares of company stock worth $22,226,676 in the last quarter. 0.62% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. 
About HP
HP Inc is a provider of products, technologies, software, solutions and services to individual consumers, small- and medium-sized businesses, and enterprises, including customers in the government, health and education sectors. The Company provides personal computing and other access devices, imaging and printing products, and related technologies, solutions and services.







Receive News & Ratings for HP Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for HP Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 











































﻿






























HP Inc. (NYSE:HPQ) Shares Bought by Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for HP Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor HP Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Wildhorse Resource Development Corporation (WRD) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Finds
AAR Corp. (AIR) Receives Daily Media Impact Score of 0.08
Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Fitbit (FIT) Share Price
Caesarstone (CSTE) Earns Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.18
Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Quad Graphics (QUAD) Stock Price
F.N.B. Corporation (FNB) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.23 Per Share
Critical Survey: United Parcel Service (UPS) & Expeditors International of Washington (EXPD)
The Madison Square Garden (MSG) and Time Warner (TWX) Financial Comparison
Financial Review: China Unicom (Hong Kong) (CHU) vs. Gogo (GOGO)
Raymond James Financial, Inc. (RJF) Releases  Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPS
Fortress Investment Group LLC (NYSE:FIG) Lowered to “Hold” at BidaskClub
Fogo de Chao, Inc. (FOGO) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages
BidaskClub Lowers Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. (NASDAQ:NCLH) to Hold
Brokerages Expect Telefonica Brasil S.A. (VIV) to Announce $0.23 Earnings Per Share
H&R Block, Inc. (NYSE:HRB) Lowered to “Buy” at BidaskClub
KCG Holdings, Inc. Class A (NYSE:KCG) Lowered to “Sell” at BidaskClub
BidaskClub Downgrades Mobileye N.V. (NYSE:MBLY) to Hold
Angie’s List, Inc. (ANGI) Lowered to Hold at BidaskClub
Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (EGRX) Stock Rating Lowered by BidaskClub
Codexis, Inc. (CDXS) Stock Rating Upgraded by BidaskClub







HP Inc. (NYSE:HPQ) Shares Bought by Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 19th, 2017 // No Comments




Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund boosted its position in  HP Inc. (NYSE:HPQ) by 30.8% during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 753,817 shares of the computer maker’s stock after buying an additional 177,700 shares during the period. Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund’s holdings in HP were worth $13,177,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. First American Bank increased its position in  HP by 13.2% in the first quarter. First American Bank now owns 153,939 shares of the computer maker’s stock worth $2,752,000 after buying an additional 17,893 shares in the last quarter.  Quadrant Capital Group LLC increased its position in  HP by 0.4% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 29,540 shares of the computer maker’s stock worth $520,000 after buying an additional 116 shares in the last quarter.  Nexus Investment Management Inc. increased its position in  HP by 7.1% in the first quarter. Nexus Investment Management Inc. now owns 447,400 shares of the computer maker’s stock worth $8,000,000 after buying an additional 29,800 shares in the last quarter.  Burke & Herbert Bank & Trust Co. increased its position in  HP by 8.1% in the first quarter. Burke & Herbert Bank & Trust Co. now owns 27,573 shares of the computer maker’s stock worth $493,000 after buying an additional 2,060 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Creative Planning increased its position in  HP by 8.8% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 93,512 shares of the computer maker’s stock worth $1,672,000 after buying an additional 7,585 shares in the last quarter. 79.49% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 


 Get HP Inc. alerts:



HP Inc. (HPQ) opened at 18.39 on Wednesday. The firm has a market capitalization of $30.96 billion, a PE ratio of 13.01 and a beta of 1.89. HP Inc. has a one year low of $13.55 and a one year high of $19.58. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $17.98 and a 200-day moving average price of $17.33. 





HP (NYSE:HPQ) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, May 24th. The computer maker reported $0.40 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.39 by $0.01. The company had revenue of $12.40 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $11.93 billion. HP had a net margin of 4.94% and a negative return on equity of 68.86%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 7.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.41 EPS.  On average, equities analysts predict that  HP Inc. will post $1.64 EPS for the current year. 
The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, July 5th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, June 14th were given a dividend of $0.1327 per share. This represents a $0.53 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.89%. The ex-dividend date  was Monday, June 12th. HP’s payout ratio is 37.32%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “HP Inc. (NYSE:HPQ) Shares Bought by Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund” was  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/19/hp-inc-nysehpq-shares-bought-by-oregon-public-employees-retirement-fund.html. 
A number of research firms have commented on HPQ. Credit Suisse Group  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $19.00 target price on shares of HP in a report on Tuesday, May 23rd. Citigroup Inc.  set a $20.00 price target on HP and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, May 25th. BMO Capital Markets raised their price target on HP from $17.00 to $20.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, May 25th. Vetr downgraded HP from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $19.72 price target on the stock. in a report on Monday, June 5th. Finally, Royal Bank Of Canada  reissued a “sector perform” rating and issued a $20.00 price target (up previously from $18.00) on shares of HP in a report on Friday, May 19th. Eleven analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, thirteen have issued  a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $19.84.
In other HP news, CFO Catherine A. Lesjak sold 67,997 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $19.00, for a total transaction of $1,291,943.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now owns 67,997 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,291,943. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Ron Coughlin sold 10,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $18.95, for a total transaction of $189,500.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 51,745 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $980,567.75. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 917,383 shares of company stock valued at $16,603,892 in the last quarter. Corporate insiders own  0.62% of the company’s stock. 
About HP
HP Inc is a provider of products, technologies, software, solutions and services to individual consumers, small- and medium-sized businesses, and enterprises, including customers in the government, health and education sectors. The Company provides personal computing and other access devices, imaging and printing products, and related technologies, solutions and services.







Receive News & Ratings for HP Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for HP Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 











































Microchip Technology Management Discusses Q3 2014 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Microchip Technology Management Discusses Q3 2014 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptJan.30.14 | About: Microchip Technology (MCHP) Microchip Technology (NASDAQ:MCHP)
Q3 2014 Earnings Call
January 30, 2014 5:00 pm ET
Executives
James Eric Bjornholt - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President of Finance
Ganesh Moorthy - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President
Steve Sanghi - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts
Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Gilbert Alexandre
Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division
JoAnne Feeney
Harsh N. Kumar - Stephens Inc., Research Division
John W. Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division
Operator
Good day, everyone, and welcome to this Microchip Technology Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2014 Earnings Results Conference. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Microchip's President and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Eric Bjornholt.
James Eric Bjornholt
Good afternoon, everyone. During the course of this conference call, we will be making projections and other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions, and that actual events or results may differ materially. We refer you to our press release of today, as well as our recent filings with the SEC that identify important risk factors that may impact Microchip's business and results of operations.
In attendance with me today are Steve Sanghi, Microchip's President and CEO; Ganesh Moorthy, Microchip's COO. I will comment on our third quarter fiscal year 2014 financial performance, and Steve and Ganesh will then give their comments on the results, discuss the current business environment and discuss our guidance. We will then be available to respond to specific investor and analyst questions.
I want to remind you that we are including information in our press release and this conference call on various GAAP and non-GAAP measures. We have posted a full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.microchip.com, which we believe you will find useful when comparing GAAP and non-GAAP results.
I will now go through some of the operating results, including net sales, gross margin and operating expenses. I will be referring to these results on a non-GAAP basis prior to the effects of our acquisition activities and share-based compensation.
Net sales in the December quarter were $482.4 million, and were down 2.1% sequentially from net sales of $492.7 million in the immediately preceding quarter.
Revenue by product line was $313.3 million for microcontrollers, $108.9 million for analog, $32.5 million for memory, $24.1 million for licensing and $3.6 million of other.
Revenue by geography was $90.7 million in the Americas, $95.4 million in Europe and $296.3 million in Asia. I remind you that we recognize revenue based on where we ship our products to, which tends to skew some of the revenue towards Asia, where a lot of the contract manufacturing takes place.
On a non-GAAP basis, gross margins were 59% in the December quarter. Non-GAAP operating expenses were 27.1% of sales, non-GAAP operating income was 31.9% of sales and net income was $132.9 million. This resulted in earnings of $0.61 per diluted share, which was $0.01 above the midpoint of our guidance. On a GAAP basis, gross margins, including share-based compensation and acquisition-related expenses, were 58.6% in the December quarter. GAAP gross margins include the impact of $1.8 million of share-based compensation. Total operating expenses were $165.8 million or 34.4% of sales, and include acquisition intangible amortization of $21.8 million, share-based compensation of $11.9 million and special charges of $0.8 million.

The GAAP net income was $105.4 million or $0.48 per diluted share. GAAP net income includes nonrecurring favorable tax events of $6.2 million and a onetime gain of $2.4 million on our acquisition of EqcoLogic, for which GAAP accounting required us to write up our previous ownership of 18.3% to its fair value. Ganesh will discuss the EqcoLogic acquisition later on this call.
In the December quarter, the non-GAAP tax rate was 11% and the GAAP tax rate was 6.4%. The GAAP tax rate was favorably impacted by the $6.2 million of nonrecurring favorable tax events I mentioned before. Our tax rate is impacted by the mix of geographical profits, withholding taxes associated with our licensing business and the tax effect to various nonrecurring items.
Excluding any nonrecurring events, we expect our longer-term forward-looking non-GAAP effective tax rate to be about 10.5% to 11.5%.
To summarize the after-tax impact the non-GAAP adjustments had on Microchip's earnings per share in the December quarter, acquisition-related items were about $0.103, share-based compensation was about $0.056, nonrecurring favorable tax events were about $0.028, the onetime gain on the EqcoLogic acquisition was about $0.011 and noncash interest expense was about $0.007.
The dividend declared today of $0.355 per share will be paid on March 7, 2014 to shareholders of record on February 24 -- excuse me, February 21, 2014. The cash payment associated with this dividend will be approximately $70.7 million.
This quarter's dividend will be our 46th consecutive quarter of making a dividend payment. We have never made reductions in our dividend. And in fact, this quarter's increase marks the 48th occasion we have increased the dividend payment. And our cumulative dividend paid is approaching $2.2 billion. This program continues to be an important component of how we return value to our shareholders.
Moving on to the balance sheet. Consolidated inventory at December 31, 2014 was $274.6 million or 126 days. We expect days of inventory at the end of March to be down between 1 and 7 days based on our revenue guidance range. Inventory at our distributors stayed flat in the December quarter at 33 days and remain at low levels compared to where they have been historically.
I want to remind you that our distribution revenue throughout the world is recognized on a sell-through basis.
At December 31, the accounts receivable balance was $224.3 million, and decreased by $6.2 million on a sequential basis. Receivable balances remain in great condition, with excellent payment performance continuing from our customers. Free cash flow generation in the December quarter was $110.3 million prior to our dividend payment.
As of December 31, the consolidated cash and total investment position was approximately $2.03 billion, and we had $650 million in borrowings under our revolving line of credit.
Excluding dividend payments, we expect our total cash and investment position to grow by approximately $135 million to $155 million in the March quarter.
Capital spending was approximately $24.3 million for the December quarter. We expect about $30 million in capital spending in the March quarter and overall capital expenditures for fiscal year 2014 to be about $115 million, as we are adding capital to support the growth of the business and to bring in-house more of the assembly and test operations that were outsourced by SMSC.
Depreciation expense in the December quarter was $22.2 million.
I will now ask Ganesh to give us comments on the performance of the business in the December quarter. Ganesh?
Ganesh Moorthy
Thank you, Eric, and good afternoon, everyone. Let's take a closer look at the performance of each of our product lines starting with microcontrollers.
Our overall microcontroller revenue declined 2.4% sequentially in the December quarter. However, microcontroller revenue was up 17.8% versus the year-ago quarter, reflecting a year of excellent market share gain in calendar 2013. Microcontrollers represented 65% of Microchip's overall revenue in the December quarter.

As we projected, during our last quarter's conference call, we shipped a 13 billionth cumulative microcontroller in November, just 7 months after we shipped our 12 billionth microcontroller back in April.
Our 16-bit microcontroller business was down 2.7% sequentially in the December quarter. However, 16-bit microcontroller revenue was up 27.9% over the year-ago quarter as we gained significant market share in calendar 2013. This business continues to be an important engine of ongoing growth for us, and we continue to find and serve new customers and new applications with our expanding portfolio.
Our 32-bit microcontroller business was down 0.8% sequentially in the December quarter. However, 32-bit microcontroller revenue was up 29.5% over the year-ago quarter as, once again, we gain substantial market share in this segment.
During the December quarter, we had 2 blockbuster announcements. First, the feature-rich, PIC32MZ family of products, which have the highest computational performance of any microcontroller in the category, as well as the best software efficiency.
And second, the MPLAB Harmony integrated software platform, the industry's first software framework to integrate both internal and third-party middleware drivers, peripheral libraries and real-time operating systems. That's simplifying and accelerating the 32-bit software development process, which is one of the larger challenges customers face.
Both these solutions have received broad industry accolades and customer acceptance. We are continuing to rapidly expand our new product portfolio, win new designs and expand into new fields of play like the Internet of Things to enable further growth in revenue and market share.
Our overall microcontroller results, as well as each of our 8-bit, 16-bit and 32-bit results, are clearly outperforming the market, with year-over-year growth rates well above the market and what we've seen reported by our competitors in their results. We're gaining significant market share and have the new product momentum and customer engagement to continue to gain even more share as we further build the best-performing microcontroller franchise in the industry.
Now moving to our analog business. Our analog business bucked the trend and grew 0.4% sequentially in the December quarter, the ninth consecutive quarter of sequential growth to achieve a new record, and continues to perform exceptionally well. Analog revenue was also up 16.7% from the year-ago quarter, reflecting significant market share gains.
Analog revenue represented 22.6% of Microchip's overall revenue in the December quarter. And we continue to have one of the best-performing analog franchises in the industry.
In November, we announced the acquisition of EqcoLogic, a Brussels-based early stage company, who has innovative equalizer and coax transceiver products and technologies, which are important to our automotive and other embedded networking initiatives.
EqcoLogic's leadership equalizer technology enables the effective recovery of high-speed signals that may degrade as they transmit over longer distances. In an automotive infotainment network, for example, this technology enables substantial system-level cost reduction as OEMs can switch from expensive optical fiber networks to much more cost-effective coaxial cable networks, even though the signals degrade more in a coax cable network as compared to an optical fiber network.
Last but not least, in our core analog business, we are continuing to develop and introduce a wide range of innovative and proprietary new products to fuel the future growth of our analog business.
Now moving to our memory business. Our memory business, which is comprised of our Serial E-squared memory products, as well as our SuperFlash Memory products, was sequentially down 7.1%. We continue to run our memory business in a disciplined fashion that maintains consistently high profitability, enables our licensing business and serves our microcontroller customers to complete their solutions. Our memory business represented 6.7% of Microchip's overall revenue in the December quarter.

Now let me pass it to Steve for some general comments, as well as our guidance going forward. Steve?
Steve Sanghi
Thank you, Ganesh, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I will first like to reflect on the results of the fiscal third quarter of 2014, then I will provide guidance for the fiscal fourth quarter of 2014.
We are very pleased with our execution in the December quarter. All of the non-GAAP financial metrics like net sales, gross margin percentage, operating expense percentage, operating profit percentage and earnings per share were at/or better than the midpoint of our guidance.
Our operating profit percentage is approaching 32% and we are making excellent progress towards our long-term goal of 35% operating profit. Non-GAAP earnings per share exceeded the midpoint of the guidance by $0.01 per share.
Our overall net sales in December quarter were up 16% versus the year-ago quarter, marking an excellent year of market share growth compared to a low single-digit growth for the industry. Our analog business made a new all-time record in December quarter, with sales up 0.4% sequentially and up 16.7% over the year-ago quarter. All other major segments of the business was sequentially down a bit based on the seasonally weakest quarter of the year. The end of December quarter also marks the completion of the 2013 calendar year, which was an excellent year for Microchip in every respect.
Last but not the least, the December quarter was our 93rd consecutive profitable quarter.
I want to thank all the employees of Microchip for their contribution in making this an outstanding year for Microchip.
Now I will provide guidance for the fiscal fourth quarter of 2014. The March quarter is seasonally a middle-of-the-road quarter for Microchip, not as strong as June and September, but not sequentially down as December. It does not feel any different this year, and we expect this to be a seasonally normal quarter. Europe is normally very strong in this quarter, America is in the middle and Asia is down due to lunar new year holidays. Taking all of this into account, we expect the March quarter net sales to be flat to up 3% sequentially.
On a non-GAAP basis, we expect our gross margin to be between 59% and 59.2% of sales, which is a slight improvement from December quarter. We expect operating expenses to be between 26.8% and 27.2% of sales. We expect operating profit to be between 31.8% and 32.4% of sales. And we expect non-GAAP EPS to be between $0.59 and $0.63 per share.
Our EPS is getting a slight negative impact by the addition of about 3 million shares through the share count. This is because of significantly higher average stock price in the current quarter versus the last quarter, the rising stock price mix of our $1.15 billion convertible transaction more in the money and results into a higher effective share count.
Given all the complications of accounting for the acquisitions including amortization of intangibles, restructuring charges and inventory writeup on acquisitions, Microchip will continue to provide guidance and track its results on a non-GAAP basis. We believe that non-GAAP results provide more meaningful comparison to prior quarters, and we request that the analysts continue to report their non-GAAP estimates to press corp.
With this, operator, will you please pull for questions? Operator?
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
[Operator Instructions] We'll hear first from Kevin Cassidy with Stifel.
Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
I was just wondering, in the automotive market, there's been talk of Ethernet coming into the automobile. Are you seeing that trend and are you preparing for that?
Ganesh Moorthy
So there are many standards that come into the automotive marketplace. In automotive networking for infotainment, the MOST network is the dominant standard today. There are, obviously, alternates in any given market. Ethernet is one of them. That is in consideration. But we believe we have a strong position in the marketplace and a position that customers have validated with their choice of our network.

Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Okay. And maybe just talk a little bit more about automotive. Are there many opportunities for 32-bit microcontrollers? And what's your traction there?
Ganesh Moorthy
So the answer is yes. There are many 32-bit applications in automotive. As you know, we have been on the journey for 32-bit for not as many years as some of the incumbents who play in that space. But we are starting to make inroads in 32-bit applications in carmakers just as we have previously with our 16-bit, as well as our 8-bit along the way. So we fully expect as time goes on, you'll see that our microcontrollers across the spectrum of 8s, 16s and 32s will play in many automotive applications.
Steve Sanghi
I'd like to add to that. When you come up with a brand new product line, whether it's 8, 16 and 32, if the first 2 products you make are for the automotive market, which means they have all the CAN bus, the LIN bus and all the protocols and everything that the automotive needs, then your first revenue is 3 or 4 years away. And that's not the best way to launch a brand new product line. So just like we did that with 8 or 16, we originally come up with a product line that will be quicker time-to-market in other applications, industrial, consumer and all the others. And then as the product line gains momentum and the architecture is accepted, we have round out all -- any other issues, any of the others, then you add the automotive features and start to work with automotive. So that began 3 years ago or so. And now we have designs in automotive and we're moving, but the large portion of the revenue is not automotive yet.
Operator
We'll move next to Gil Alexandre with Darphil Associates.
Gilbert Alexandre
Could you remind me of what are your growth margin goals, long-term model?
Steve Sanghi
So our long-term model for those margin is 61.5%, plus/minus 0.5%. And we are certainly making progress. The middle point of the guidance for us in the current quarter is 59.1%. So we're reaching towards it and continue to make fairly good progress.
Operator
Moving on to Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley.
Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
You noted the strong growth in 16 and 32-bit year-over-year. Can you provide any color or context from new product introductions, what you're doing on those product lines and anything from a design win perspective?
James Eric Bjornholt
So in any given year, we have anywhere from 100 to 125 brand-new products that we bring to market. A substantial portion of that continues to be 16-bit and 32-bit because our portfolio there was not as rich as we did on the 8-bit. I don't have the exact numbers, but we're well over 100 products at this point on our 32-bit. And we're well above 400 products in our 16-bit portfolio.
Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Got it. And as a follow-up, on the SMSC transaction, you guys saw a very strong margin expansion early on. Can you talk about just the revenue synergies and opportunities that you see over the next 12 to 18 months on that side?
Ganesh Moorthy
The revenue synergies are building over the last year. We have spent time in looking at how our customers' application boards where Microchip, prior to SMSC, did not play, but SMSC customers could use our products and how that could be brought to bear on new designs, and likewise where SMSC products could be brought into the Microchip customer base. So it is a -- these are long-design cycles. They take 18, 24 months to get to the point where they get to revenue. There are many the pipeline. Some of the early ones have gone to production. But we're very optimistic in terms of how the 2 product lines combined play a stronger role at many end customers than what each of us individually could have played.

Steve Sanghi
I mentioned this in the last conference call in November, I believe, that I spent a week with all of our Asian distributors, collected them all in 1 geography and nearly 80 or 90 of them and reviewed the last calendar year and had them -- put some plans together for the current calendar year. And it was quite surprising to see that Microchip's distribution, which was not SMSC distribution before, how much cross-selling opportunity they had identified on SMSC products into the Microchip customer base. There was, in fact, the highlight of the conference that just very, very significant opportunity they have identified in all of our consumer industrial accounts with USB and Ethernet and all of the other SMSC products. So they will take some time to go to production, but the opportunity is significant.
Operator
[Operator Instructions] We'll move back to Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Sorry about the difficulty before. Steve, I was just wondering if you could address again your new longer -- new higher longer-term margin model. It seems like the biggest place where you have to improve to get there is in the gross margin line. Can you talk about some of the utilization or cost structure measures in the cost of goods sold or mix and what the timeframe would be to kind of hope you to get to -- up to that 51.5% model?
Steve Sanghi
Well, I can lead you there qualitatively, but not really quantitatively breaking down the impact of each of the other things. So some of the qualitative factors are obviously fab utilization. Our internal fabs are not at the capacity they were yet at the peak for a number of reasons. As the couple of years go by, some of the technology migration happens and we're producing parts at a better nodes. So therefore, it just produces a large number of die in a wafer and therefore, cutting the number of wafers. Some of the products are made in outside foundries, where it was more either cost-effective or more feasible or we didn't have the technology inside. So for a number of reasons, we're not at that full capacity. So there's a significant accretion still coming as that goes towards a peak production. The acquisitions are not 100% integrated. We are far into it. But if you look at both from an assembly and test perspective and the wafer pro perspective, we're still moving a lot of the SMSC products into Microchip. And if we're to guess what portion of the test is converted?
Ganesh Moorthy
Probably about 20%, 25%.
Steve Sanghi
25% of the test is converted. So it takes a while to get the momentum, but now we have the testers and load boards and programs. And it will rise very rapidly, but the first thing takes longer. So there's a lot of accretion coming from that also. And then there is a continuous margin improvement on our smaller product lines, which are newer in nature, where it takes a while for the products to ring out and build the next-generation products which are more cost effective and higher-yielding in our new technologies. So there are a number of things playing role in it and combination of all that gets there. I mean, we could get there on paper with a margin to give.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Okay, that's helpful. And then as a follow-up, in terms of the environment in Asia, you talked about that being a little bit weaker in the quarter. Maybe that's just a seasonal thing, but clearly, there's been a lot of concern whether that's real or not real about China in the emerging markets. China PMI was down a little bit. Can you talk about just the overall order environment and what your customers are telling you out of Asia, and what you're seeing from Asian distributors in particular?

Steve Sanghi
Well, Asia goes through about 10 days of holidays and driven by that in the current quarter forecast. So Asia is down just about as much as it historically is just by the number of days they're off. So that's why we called the quarter pretty seasonally normal. Booking patterns are normal. There's really nothing abnormal to call. There's not any kind of crisis or disaster in the works. Our products are also very ubiquitous, though. They go into areas where as Chinese are building more and more consumerism, a lot of them, they acquire these products where our products are in. We're in the things and people buy a things.
Operator
We'll now hear from Susquehanna Financial Group's Chris Caso.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division
Just a question about production levels. And I think last quarter you suggested the plan was to keep production fairly constant as you went through this quarter, and your comments suggested that the inventory levels internally come down as a result of that. If you hit those inventory targets by the end of this quarter, should we expect the production levels to start increasing as we go into the June quarter? And if you could give some sense of the effect of that on gross margins.
Steve Sanghi
Well, I think it depends on where we are within the guidance, which is really narrow, flat to up 3%. We have not put together a plan. And we're in the middle of our annual operating planning process. Our fiscal year ends at the end of the current quarter. So we don't really have an official fiscal 2015 plan yet to really see what production we'll be running. But if we grow production, that will improve gross margin. The inventory is not exactly where I want it to be. I think it needs more improvement. We'll get some this quarter whether we need some more next quarter or we could completely improve production. We don't know yet. It depends on where it will land. Do you have something to add?
James Eric Bjornholt
No. I was going to say there's ongoing gross margin improvement from the back end from assembly and test as we bring more of that in-house as well.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division
So you may get some gross margin improvement from the back end, but the front end is obviously dependent on the revenue levels and where the inventory goes?
James Eric Bjornholt
That's right.
Steve Sanghi
We expect improvement in June quarter in gross margin, right? No question about it. Well, June quarter is generally a strong quarter for us. And there'll be higher absorption. And there should be a gross margin improvement in June quarter, no question.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division
Okay. And just looking out, as you say, you're in the planning process for fiscal '15. What do you expect your strategic priorities to be as you look into fiscal '15? And assuming the demand environment kind of stays stable as it is now, SMSC, the integration seems to be, I would guess, I'd characterize late innings now. Not sure how you would characterize it, but where does the management focus turn to as you go into fiscal '15?
Steve Sanghi
Well, we're not a one-trick pony. I mean, at the current quarter guidance, we're almost a $2 billion company, just slightly shy of that, around 12, 13 divisions inside the company. So continue to building out 32-bit and 16-bit and analog. And there's still a lot of new products in 8-bit. We'll continue to gain a lot of share in 8-bit as other people either can't compete or don't want it or whatever. So all the strategic product lines have a very strong roadmap, and they're all showing significant growth in the initial analysis. Then if you look at from an end market or application perspective, we're getting a very significant acceptance in growth in the Internet of Things, motor control, digital power, lighting, medical, touch, automotive. So there are just way too many. I mean, we're really -- we show a chart in the presentations. There are about 14 different segments that we have significant focus in. Now the other thing that we've been telling you for years, Microchip has one company, recognize this before many of the others in the industry that semiconductor industries has matured and saturating. And if you look at the overall semiconductor growth, they are in low single-digits year after year. We have done well. Our December quarter was up 15% year-over-year, 16%, but we also understand that there is a significant industry growth headwind that every company faces. And therefore, we also are trying to supplement Microchip's growth by a constant stream of small and some large acquisitions to bring in overall growth to a reasonable number where it will be acceptable to Microchip management and its board. So it's a combination of internal and external growth. It's not only one or the other. And we're not doing acquisitions to mask any risk of our internal growth. We're doing it to enhance on the top of the internal growth that you've seen us now for several years.

Operator
We'll now go to JoAnne Feeney with ABR Investment Strategy.
JoAnne Feeney
I have a follow-up question on the issue of the guidance for the current quarter. I'm wondering, this is the first round of a March guidance we've seen since the acquisition was fully integrated. And I'm wondering if what we're picking up here is perhaps that little bit of a shift in your seasonal pattern given the different end markets that are now weighing in. And as you said, China, you're seeing probably some of your stuff go into more consumer-oriented products. So some of the last 10 years, the data and throughout the 2 that were real outliers, you typically saw around 3% to 3.5% growth in the March quarter. So can you -- do you have a sense of this whether you're seeing basically a little bit of a shift in your seasonal pattern because of the different end market mix than before the acquisition?
Steve Sanghi
Well, JoAnne, you are always very astute and smart in your analysis. And I think you have answered your question. There are 2 shifts in that seasonality, minor ones, but they're definitely worth noting. One is that with the acquisitions and all that, we have little more of our business now in the computing segment, which kind of sees a significant decline in the calendar first quarter than we had in the Microchip's core business. So there's a little impact of that. The second impact is Asia is becoming a larger and larger portion of our business. I mean, China is a huge portion of our business now. We break those out in the Qs. You can read them. So as that becomes larger and larger portion of the business, then you have a larger portion of overall Microchip that takes a drop in the calendar first quarter because of the Chinese New Year. And if there's enough shift in the business in Asia and that starts to be material. So I think those combined two things together, this is probably the new normal, but it probably also mean that you'll pick up that gap on other quarters which are either stronger quarters for Asia or they're stronger quarters for SMSC business. So overall, it hasn't shifted, but there's a slight impact in the calendar first quarter because of those 2 reasons.
JoAnne Feeney
All right, okay, perfect. And then as a follow up, just looking longer term at your opportunities for continued share gain, it's been quite impressive in 16-bit and 32-bit. But one might expect that, that would naturally slow down as you kind of tick off the low-hanging fruit. So I guess, could you give us some sense of what you expect over the next year or so and how you expect, if you do, to continue to gain share and what you think the pace of that will be, that is the growth of those 2 segments relative to the industry?
Steve Sanghi
Well, the current estimates aren't saying that it kind of slows down. If it does, that's really minor in nature. But then you pick up the difference by newer applications where we can now do a very good job where maybe historically, we could not with the high-performance 16 and 32-bit product lines like digital power, like the lighting, like the Internet of Things, Wi-Fi connectivity and all that kind of stuff. So we are opening additional, large amount of served available market. I mean, if you look at the Internet of Things, our revenue in Internet of Things is hundreds of millions of dollars. If you look at the overall definition of what some of the others are calling as overall Internet connectivity or machine-to-machine connectivity, and it's the fastest-growing segment of the business. So there are always pluses and minuses and something saturates, but then the new opportunities emerge, and how well positioned you are. You want to talk about IoT a little bit?
Ganesh Moorthy
Yes. I think as Steve mentioned, this is one of the exciting areas of opportunity presented to us. And the broad adoption of tablets and smartphones are one of the catalysts that are accelerating the demand for more things to be connected and accessible by these mobile devices. And we've historically had a very strong presence in a broad range of things that are in our home and in some of our other areas where we interact. And we think we have a pole position on -- as these things get connected, our solutions being in the center of how they are connected. Therefore, things that we know, 4 areas that we have to bring to bear to win in the Internet of Things market. One is a strong portfolio of microcontrollers and analog, which we have and we're continuing to strengthen. Two is a strong portfolio of wireless and wired connectivity. Three is a suite of the software and firmware requirement for the different protocol and security that is going to be required any time you have connectivity. And finally, the fourth is a set of partners who can provide both cost-effective and scalable cloud infrastructure because most of them are really not IT experts, nor have any IT infrastructure. And when you put it all together, it's epicenter of where we have played. We have customers that we know very well, and we have technologies to enable them. And we are seeing many, many of them taking advantage of that capability.

JoAnne Feeney
So it sounds like you're looking at some adjacent sockets in products where you're already appearing, in dishwashers and other white goods, for example?
Steve Sanghi
Yes. So we are in things and now we are helping customers connect those things. So selling additional content, whether it's a wireless module or an RF module are really getting them, helping them do more things. And then continuing with the answer to your question, we talked about all the cross-selling opportunities with SMSC products into our socket. So think about how many cars today have a USB charger socket in the car. Every time I do an analysis, if there are 10 people I'm talking to, and I ask a question, the number comes out to be about 20% and 30%. In 20%, 30% of the cars, people have a USB charger. You can always charge for the cigarette lighter, but I'm talking about the actual USB charger. And now fast forward 3 or 4 years, don't you think all -- 100% of the cars will have a USB charger because that's what's becoming the life. And who is getting in all these cars, whose USB chargers are in most of the cars? It's yours truly. So there are always areas which are growing significantly faster where there's a significant opportunity. When you look at the USB -- so we have proprietary technology where you plug in a smartphone into the USB charger of the car and a phone can become the host. And whatever you have on the phone, it will display that whether it's navigation or whatever on the screen of the car, which could be extremely beneficial. Everybody uses navigation on their phone as they travel or get rental cars, everybody uses the phone. I know how to use it in my phone. I don't even know how to use it in my car. Next time, I'm going to get one in the car because I have it in the phone. And you plug it to the USB charger, and it displays what you're running on your phone on your car. So -- and we were showing that at the CES show in Las Vegas, an actual demo of that working. So there are tremendous opportunities coming up with this connectivity. And we're right in the thicket of it. And there are lots of design wins, there are lots of opportunities. So those things will grow faster. And some of the mature businesses could slow down a little bit, but the overall opportunity has not decreased.
Operator
We'll go now to Harsh Kumar with Stephens.
Harsh N. Kumar - Stephens Inc., Research Division
A question for Ganesh. Ganesh, congratulations. Steve and Ganesh, congratulations on pretty impressive microcontroller growth as a category. I was wondering if you could provide some color on maybe between 8, 16 and 32, which one you think you took the most share in? If you want to rank, order them or just talk qualitatively, I would appreciate the color.
Steve Sanghi
I think if you want to look at the dollars, we took the most share in 8-bit, didn't we?
Ganesh Moorthy
Yes, in overall dollars because that's the rank order of the revenue is 8-bit, the largest business, followed by 16, followed by 32. But if you look at the growth rates, you're going to find that compared to where the baseline grew, 16 and 32-bit is where we grew, outgrew, and 8-bit will have outgrown, but by not quite the same magnitude. So it's hard -- we'll know in 2 or 3 months when all the official numbers will be put together. But I'm expecting we'll see large gains across 8, 16 and 32.
Harsh N. Kumar - Stephens Inc., Research Division
Okay, fair enough, guys. That's helpful. And I wanted to ask you, in your press release, Steve you talked about the MPLAB Harmony integrated software platform. I was struggling to understand how that will work in terms of you being able to sell chips. Maybe you could take up a couple of minutes to explain how that flows through in your P&L?

Steve Sanghi
Well, so the most difficult thing for the customer in a 32-bit is development of the software and the firmware. And if you have a piecemeal solution where the chip comes from one party, the stack comes from another party, the library comes from another party, the development will come from somebody else, and then you have to put all those things together, then you don't have a very good experience because when something isn't working, you don't know whether it's architecture or the chip, or the software or the development tool or whatever. So what Microchip has done is the entire PIC32 solution comes from Microchip, but it's much more like an Apple kind of experience where the product, the architecture, the software, the development tool, the libraries, the stacks, everything is coming from Microchip and already crosschecked and functional. So what we have done on the top of that now with the Harmony software is really integrated the entire ecosystem. We also integrated the third-party software, the middleware, the stacks and everything all pre-checked out. And customers are telling us, it's up to 40%, 50% productivity. And this development of the software is about 75% of the total cost in adopting a 32-bit microcontroller into an end application. And on that 75% of the cost, if you can provide that much productivity on an industry, accolades are coming like crazy. So how we essentially monetize this, winning more designs, accelerating time-to-market, selling more 32-bit chips. And then in all the software and all that, you always have a version of it which is free essentially. Anybody can use it. So there's a wide acceptance of it. But then you have premium versions and you have software support and upgrades and all that for which you charge, it becomes a product. But that's not where the big money is. Big money is really still selling that chip.
Operator
And next from Crédit Suisse, we'll hear from John Pitzer.
John W. Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division
I apologize, I've been jumping back and forth across a couple of calls, Steve. So if you addressed this, I do apologize. But it's been my perception that the environment over the last couple of quarters has sort of given you guys perhaps a little bit more visibility than sort of normal. And I'm kind of curious, notwithstanding kind of the seasonal issues in the March quarter, as you think about lead times and just the rate at which customers are placing orders, how would you kind of characterize visibility today? And I guess as you answer the question, Steve, you've always had a better view than most on the economy and the macro. And I'm kind of curious, as you think about 2014, is the macro a tailwind, a headwind or a neutral factor as we think about your growth?
Steve Sanghi
The best guess would be neutral.
John W. Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division
And then just relative to visibility today versus, let's say, 30 days ago, how are you guys seeing kind of customer activity in order? Is it just tracking around normal seasonality, and so we really have to wait until after Chinese New Year to have a better assessment?
Steve Sanghi
Yes, it hasn't changed. Basically, there's a lot of positioning and jockeying for position for the Chinese New Year. And even for December, some people have year-end in December. They're trying to lower the inventories. Some distributors have a fiscal year ending at some other times. So they kind of adjust the inventory a different time. Some people want the product before the Chinese New Year, so they can participate in the surge afterwards. And some place the order, but they want to take their delivery after. So there are all these crosscurrents, and it's kind of -- I think the good thing is Chinese New Year is early. I mean, it's beginning now. And 2 months of the quarter are left after that. And usually, every time that happens, where the Chinese New Year is early, usually has been a positive result.

John W. Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division
And Steve, as my follow-up, at our conference in December, you gave a pretty informative presentation about the positioning of 32-bit and kind of what you're doing at the software level on the ecosystem. And correct me if I'm wrong, but the argument sort of was you're kind of hitting an inflection point or a critical mass point where 32 might actually start to show even more meaningful gains in the strong growth you're seeing. Is that how I should think about the 32 big growth prospects for 2014? And I also noticed in the quarter you announced an ARM-based microcontroller. Should I just think about that as another arrow in your quiver or is there something more strategic behind that?
Steve Sanghi
So several questions in there. Number one, yes, the point I made on 32-bit is we went over 100 products last quarter. And 100 products is kind of the magical critical mass. If you have fewer products in a microcontroller, then you have engagement issues with our customer, where the customer engages, he does all this work and says, "I like the architecture. I'll use your product." But then they need more memory or the connectivity, they need a LIN bus, they need a Wi-Fi, they need an RF on the chip, and you don't have that version of the product, then their work is wasted and they have to go through the different architectures. So customers often look for having a sufficient critical mass of products where there's a very high probability that the product they need is in the portfolio, and at 100-plus products that becomes really real. So we really, we hit that number. So we think that's a reasonable inflection point. And the second is the 2 main things that I talked about at your conference, and Ganesh talked about it today. One is the announcement of the 32-bit and 32 MZ product line, which is really industry's the highest performance microcontroller in its class. And second is this Harmony software development tool, which is absolutely a productivity giver to the customers. So we think all those things combined is really a game-changer. And we're starting to see it in the feedback we're getting.
Operator
We'll hear now from Craig Ellis with B. Riley.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division
I wanted to follow up on a different product segment, the analog product group. The business has performed very well in the last year. And how should we think about the way you're looking at growing that business as we think about calendar '14 and beyond, whether it be from a product group standpoint. Where do you feel like you can add products or whether it be just from taking that product to market, whether it be channel management strategies, what have you?
Steve Sanghi
Well, so we have described over the years where we had a three-pronged strategy in analog. Early on at the start of the century, our analog strategy was largely attaching analog to our own microcontrollers for the first few years because we had no name recognition in analog, we didn't know Microchip makes analog. So we had a great name recognition in microcontrollers, so we will position and attach RPMs and supervisors and power management and those kind of products together with our microcontroller sockets. And at one point at the peak, well over 70% of our analog business was attached to our microcontroller. But that strategy was quite successful. Then we went into the Phase 2 where we said, "Well, our analog products are so well designed and architected to work in a microcontroller-embedded control environment. Why would we limit ourself to only Microchip's microcontrollers." Back then, we had 4%, 5% market share in microcontroller overall because we didn't even make 16 and 32 at that time. 8-bit, why we would not position this to any microcontroller, whether it's Freescale or NXP or Atmel or ST or anybody else? We don't win the microcontroller, but we still compete for the analog because our architecture is very well to work next to those designs. So that was the Phase 2 of that strategy, and they were very successful a few years ago. It accelerated our growth rate on analog. And then, in the last few years, we said, Phase 3. Why would we now limited only to the microcontroller sockets? What about FPGA? What about DSP? What about SoCs, silicon on chip? Or really any kind of sockets. And that put us in a direct competition with TI, ADI, Linear, Maxim, some of the big companies. And we have, what, over 2,000 products in analog now?

Ganesh Moorthy
About 1,100 to 1,200.
Steve Sanghi
1,100, 1,200 analog products. So broad portfolio and positioning it really head-on with in any kind of sockets. And it has worked very well. And we're growing. We have the best performance of analog in the industry compared to -- look at the year-over-year growth rates compared to anybody.
Ganesh Moorthy
And it's not just the last year, right? If you go back and look at it, it's now been for several years we've seen that analog has performed exceptionally well and outgrown the analog industry and the semiconductor industry both.
Steve Sanghi
And people have some sort of this mix that analog is black magic, and all the analog engineers work for these other companies and you can't find them and that's just kind of not true. We were able to attract them. We had lots of analog engineers working in our microcontroller groups because 95% of the microcontroller revenue is with the large amount of analog on the same die. And we were able to package some of that functionality standalone, some of it together with the microcontroller. But really, we were able to amass a fair amount of these sources, some through acquisitions, some ourselves, and then created one of the best-performing analog franchises in the industry.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division
Well, I was going to summarize it by saying it seems like what you're saying is the recipe for growth is to continue to execute on the strategy that you have in place. As I look back at some of your past comments, I think it was 2 quarters ago, maybe it was even 3, where you said based on the successful completion of the SMSC deal, you were ready to do another mid-sized deal. Subsequent to that, there hasn't been such a deal. Is the issue that there aren't good targets out there, is the issue that there are good targets, but that with the market going so much higher that the valuations aren't where you'd be comfortable, where do you stand with respect to growing through acquisition at this point?
Steve Sanghi
So like I said early on, I don't know whether you were on the call yet or not, but I mentioned in fiscal 2015 and then going forward, we continue to have a strategy of significant internal growth and then further beefed up by continuous small or occasionally large acquisition. Beyond that, I couldn't really give you any signal for timing or what area or whatever. But it's like we're active constantly.
Operator
And we'll take a follow-up from Kevin Cassidy with Stifel.
Kevin E. Cassidy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
I just wanted to see if you could give a few comments around the licensing business? Do you have more contracts on the way? And how does licensing play into the Internet of Things?
Steve Sanghi
So the only way licensing plays in the Internet of Things is really enabling our SuperFlash technology to build low-power microcontrollers in the industry, which will then go to the Internet of Things. Otherwise, it doesn't really have a direct play. What we have successfully done is really essentially licensed to every major foundry is licensed on a SuperFlash technology. The largest big foundries, any other foundry you name, the one in Taiwan, the one in China, the ones in Singapore, the ones in Malaysia, the ones in Europe, they all have license of SuperFlash technology. And some are in production and some are proceeding towards the production where the licensing happened either last year or the year before. And these are very complex technologies. It takes a couple of years to go to production. So there's a significant additional revenue growth ahead as these additional foundries go to production and the royalty income begin. We have more than doubled the business since we bought SST. When we bought it, it was doing $40 million a year business. We're doing about $90 million now. And there's further growth ahead as many more of these foundries go to production.

Operator
And gentlemen, at this time, we'll turn the conference back to you all for closing remarks.
Steve Sanghi
Well, thanks for attending the conference. Our next conference we go to is...
James Eric Bjornholt
We're presenting at Stifel Conference on February 11.
Steve Sanghi
Okay. So we'll see some of you there. Otherwise, we'll talk to you next quarter.
Operator
And that will conclude today's conference. Again, we thank you all for joining us.
Steve Sanghi
Bye-bye.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Technology, Semiconductor - Specialized, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All MCHP TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Technology Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Technology Stocks4 Companies Which Stand To Benefit From 3D SensingFNSR, LITE, VIAV• Today, 9:46 PM • Shareholders UniteAlphabet: This Stock Will Help You Reach Your Retirement GoalsGOOG, GOOGL• Today, 9:27 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•2 CommentsCan MassRoots Remain A Going Concern?MSRT• Today, 8:26 PM • Harlem and Stone•2 CommentsTwitter: How Sustainable Is The Resurgence?TWTR• Today, 8:02 PM • Kayode Omotosho•2 CommentsASM International N.V. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesASMIY• Today, 7:53 PM • SA TranscriptsMellanox Technologies, Ltd. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMLNX• Today, 7:08 PM • SA TranscriptsServiceNow 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesNOW• Today, 7:08 PM • SA TranscriptsLam Research Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLRCX• Today, 7:08 PM • SA TranscriptsFacebook 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFB• Today, 7:06 PM • SA Transcripts•7 CommentsKnowles Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKN• Today, 7:05 PM • SA TranscriptsTIM Participações S.A. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTSU• Today, 5:43 PM • SA TranscriptsAMD: Did The Stock Really Surge On A $19 Million Profit?AMD• Today, 5:37 PM • Stone Fox Capital•82 CommentsMicrosoft: This Old Tech Company Becoming A New OneMSFT• Today, 5:28 PM • The Dividend Guy•8 CommentsOkta Delivers A Strong Quarter And A Strong IPOOKTA• Today, 5:24 PM • Sramana MitraFacebook: Great Results Meet Bloated StockFB• Today, 5:13 PM • D.M. Martins Research•61 CommentsCorning Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGLW• Today, 4:58 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentTranscat, Inc. 2018 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTRNS• Today, 4:33 PM • SA TranscriptsFacebook Post-Earnings Target PricesFB• Today, 4:15 PM • Kwan-Chen Ma•131 CommentsIBM The Hard WayIBM• Today, 4:00 PM • David J. Waldron•15 CommentsAfter 2 Years In The Doghouse, Box Is Poised To Break Past Its $20 IPO HurdleEditors' Pick • BOX• Today, 3:53 PM • Gary Alexander•2 CommentsAkamai Technologies: Too Cheap To IgnoreAKAM• Today, 3:32 PM • L&F Capital Management•4 CommentsSage Group plc (The) 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSGGEF• Today, 3:05 PM • SA TranscriptsIs AMD Secretly Helping Apple Build Its Own Graphics Processors?AAPL, AMD, IGNMF• Today, 2:39 PM • Motek Moyen•12 CommentsEarnings Preview: Twitter Reports Q2 Results Tomorrow Before The BellTWTR• Today, 2:04 PM • JJ Kinahan•4 CommentsFirst Solar Set To Report Blowout EarningsFSLR• Today, 2:00 PM • Earnings Forecast Focus•26 CommentsAmazon Could Double Its Market Cap By 2020AMZN• Today, 1:36 PM • Amigobulls•23 CommentsHow WebMD Got Locked Out Of The China MarketWBMD• Today, 1:10 PM • Entrepreneur Esq.Alphabet Has Expensive Hobbies With Its 'Other Bets'GOOG, GOOGL• Today, 12:41 PM • Motek Moyen•11 CommentsWhile You Worry About Ad Load Facebook Increases Ad InventoryFB• Today, 12:30 PM • Joe Albano•18 CommentsBlackBerry 10: It's OverBBRY• Today, 12:22 PM • Business Quant•79 CommentsAT&T: Keeping An Eye On MexicoT• Today, 12:17 PM • D.M. Martins Research•5 CommentsAMD: Post-Earnings ValuationAMD• Today, 12:14 PM • Roman Luzgin•95 CommentsElectronic Arts: Cautious BuyEA• Today, 12:14 PM • Alexander KalashnikovVerizon: There's A 20% Total Return Waiting For InvestorsVZ• Today, 12:08 PM • Black Coral Research•23 CommentsAT&T Delivers For ShareholdersT• Today, 12:05 PM • Josh Arnold•17 CommentsSplunk: Terrific Company, Less Terrific VisibilitySPLK• Today, 11:58 AM • Shareholders Unite•1 CommentMicron: This Is MadnessMU• Today, 11:40 AM • Kumquat Research•85 CommentsRedfin Finalizes Terms For $120 Million IPORDFN• Today, 11:34 AM • Donovan Jones•3 CommentsAmazon: My Pre-Earnings ThoughtsAMZN• Today, 10:53 AM • D.M. Martins Research•12 CommentsAmerican Software Needs A Little More... SomethingEditors' Pick • AMSWA• Today, 10:45 AM • Vince MartinFacebook Earnings Preview: Expectations Too High Headed Into Earnings?FB• Today, 10:43 AM • Brian Gilmartin, CFA•26 CommentsAlphabet's Q2: What Was Said, And Also Not Said, Make It ExcitingGOOG, GOOGL• Today, 9:52 AM • DoctoRx•29 CommentsTE Connectivity Ltd. 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTEL• Today, 9:18 AM • SA TranscriptsSTMicroelectronics NV 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSTM• Today, 9:17 AM • SA TranscriptsAtos Origin SA 2017 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAEXAF• Today, 8:11 AM • SA TranscriptsAT&T Earnings Beat: Anxious Optimism Or Optimistic Anxiety?T• Today, 8:00 AM • George Schneider•30 CommentsSeagate Crashes, What Now?STX• Today, 5:04 AM • Kumquat Research•23 CommentsFrontier Communications:  Short Interest Spikes To Record Levels At Mid-July... What Now?FTR• Today, 3:40 AM • The Owl•58 CommentsNutanix: Patience And GrowthNTNX• Today, 3:23 AM • Chandler Clinkingbeard•7 CommentsTelekom Austria AG ADR 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTKAGY• Today, 2:09 AM • SA TranscriptsApple Is Overvalued, Buy It Anyway?AAPL• Today, 1:26 AM • PendragonY•139 CommentsRedfin IPO, Tech Company Changing Real Estate IndustryRDFN• Today, 12:42 AM • Don Dion•10 CommentsWhat AT&T's Q2 Results Tell Us About The Dividend SafetyT• Today, 12:10 AM • Jonathan Weber•46 CommentsWhat Will Apple Build In Those '3 Big, Beautiful Plants'?AAPL• Yesterday, 11:34 PM • Mark Hibben•60 CommentsAT&T: Grand SlamT• Yesterday, 6:54 PM • Quad 7 Capital•46 CommentsSeparating The Noise From (Encouraging) Fundamentals During Tech Sector VolatilityXLK, VGT, TECL• Yesterday, 6:30 PM • Janus Henderson Investors•1 CommentAT&T: Does A Surprise Beat Alter The Thesis?T• Yesterday, 6:21 PM • Stone Fox Capital•33 CommentsElectronic Arts: What To Watch For With EarningsEA• Yesterday, 6:18 PM • Roman Luzgin•6 CommentsTears For Sears (And Other Amazon Competitors)AMZN• Yesterday, 6:09 PM • David Pinsen•53 CommentsAdvanced Micro Devices, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAMD• Yesterday, 6:02 PM • SA Transcripts•40 CommentsAT&T Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesT• Yesterday, 6:01 PM • SA Transcripts•3 CommentsIPG Photonics' Laser Technology - Mark Hibben's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • IPGP• Yesterday, 4:23 PM • Mark Hibben•6 Comments4% Dividend Yield From IBM: International Business Machinations?IBM• Yesterday, 3:27 PM • Beulah Meriam K•20 CommentsNvidia: Earnings PredictionNVDA• Yesterday, 3:08 PM • Earnings Forecast Focus•19 CommentsNordic Semiconductor's Renewed Growth Has Melted Some Of The SkepticismEditors' Pick • NDCVF• Yesterday, 3:07 PM • Stephen Simpson, CFA•2 CommentsExclusive Teardown Confirms New Samsung SupplierSSNLF• Yesterday, 2:58 PM • Lou Basenese•32 CommentsPaypal: Pure Play On E-Commerce TransitionPYPL• Yesterday, 2:58 PM • L&F Capital Management•4 CommentsAlphabet Falls After Earnings: Buying OpportunityGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 2:12 PM • Andres Cardenal, CFA•12 CommentsAlphabet - Solid Execution Continues, Buy On Further DipsGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 1:55 PM • The Value Investor•3 CommentsAdvanced Micro Devices' Earnings Come Out Today After Market CloseAMD• Yesterday, 1:42 PM • JJ Kinahan•65 CommentsSocial Network Facebook Gears Up To Report Q2 Earnings With Its Stock At New HighsFB• Yesterday, 1:26 PM • JJ Kinahan•8 CommentsHP's Bold Acquisition Could Be A Positive For StockholdersHPQ• Yesterday, 12:55 PM • Russell Naisbitt•10 CommentsHere's How Blue Apron Could SucceedAPRN• Yesterday, 12:54 PM • Mike Berner•9 CommentsTaking Stock With Tech: Alphabet Sinks, Can AMD Float?AMD, GOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 12:34 PM • Alex Cho•29 CommentsMicrochip Technologies: High Risk, Low RewardMCHP• Yesterday, 11:57 AM • John DiCecco•4 Comments123456...1162Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Mindbody's (MB) CEO Richard Stollmeyer on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MB•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  9:54 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Gilead Sciences (GILD) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GILD•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  9:47 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



AXT's (AXTI) CEO Morris Young on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AXTI•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  9:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




CAI International's (CAI) CEO Victor Garcia on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CAI•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  9:40 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




NorthWestern's (NWE) CEO Bob Rowe on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


NWE•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  9:38 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




LivePerson's (LPSN) CEO Rob LoCascio on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LPSN•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  9:36 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Innoviva's (INVA) CEO Michael Aguiar on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


INVA•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  9:26 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




PCM's (PCMI) CEO Frank Khulusi on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PCMI•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  9:20 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Las Vegas Sands (LVS) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LVS•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  9:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Forrester Research's (FORR) CEO George Colony on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FORR•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  9:18 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




SEI Investments' (SEIC) CEO Al West on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SEIC•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  9:12 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




M/I Homes' (MHO) CEO Bob Schottenstein on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MHO•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  9:12 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Facebook (FB) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FB•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  9:03 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•2 Comments 



F5 Networks (FFIV) Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FFIV•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  8:59 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Fortinet's (FTNT) CEO Ken Xie on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FTNT•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  8:42 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




NETGEAR's (NTGR) CEO Patrick Lo on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


NTGR•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  8:41 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




GEA Group's (GEAGF) CEO Jürg Oleas on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GEAGF•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  8:38 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




CenterState Banks' (CSFL) CEO John Corbett on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CSFL•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  8:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Monolithic Power Systems (MPWR) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MPWR•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  8:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ethan Allen Interiors' (ETH) CEO Farooq Kathwari on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ETH•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  8:09 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




ASM International's (ASMIY) CEO Chuck del Prado on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ASMIY•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  8:07 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ford Motor (F) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


F•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  8:01 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Bridgepoint Education's (BPI) CEO Andrew Clark on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BPI•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  7:53 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Brightcove's (BCOV) CEO Andrew Feinberg on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BCOV•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  7:52 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•3 Comments 



Equity Residential's (EQR) CEO David Neithercut on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EQR•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  7:49 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RGC•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  7:39 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Majesco's (MJCO) CEO Ketan Mehta on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MJCO•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  7:38 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Tembec's (TMBCF) CEO James Lopez on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TMBCF•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  7:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Amphenol (APH) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


APH•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  7:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




CONMED (CNMD) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CNMD•
      Wed, Jul. 26,  7:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4441Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 
  Microchip Technology Inc (MCHP) Files Form 4 Insider Selling : James Eric Bjornholt  Sells  2,510 Shares – Energy Index          Search       Microchip Technology Inc (MCHP) Files Form 4 Insider Selling : James Eric Bjornholt  Sells  2,510 Shares       Lisa Mayfield    May 25, 2017         Microchip Technology Inc (MCHP): James Eric Bjornholt , VP and CFO of Microchip Technology Inc  sold 2,510 shares on May 22, 2017. The Insider selling transaction was reported by the company on May 23, 2017 to the Securities and Exchange Commission. The shares were sold at $80.29 per share for a total value of $201,527.91  , the company said in a SEC Form 4 Filing.Other Insider transactions have been reported by the company according to SEC Form 4, on Mar 8, 2017, Steve Sanghi  (President, CEO, Chairman) sold 54,368 shares at $74.31 per share price.On Mar 8, 2017, Mitchell R Little  (VP, WW Sales and Appns.) sold 4,321 shares at $73.75 per share price.Also, On Feb 23, 2017, Richard J Simoncic  (VP, Analog and Intrfc Prod Div) sold 2,899 shares at $72.45 per share price.On Feb 23, 2017, Stephen V Drehobl  (VP, MCU8 Division) sold 4,268 shares at $72.55 per share price.Microchip Technology: On Thursday, May 18, 2017 heightened volatility was witnessed in Microchip Technology which led to swings in the share price. The shares opened for trading at $78.39 and hit $79.75 on the upside , eventually ending the session at $79.34, with a gain of 1.28% or 1 points. The heightened volatility saw the trading volume jump to 26,16,604 shares. The 52-week high of the share price is $81.73 and the company has a market cap of $17,172 M . The 52-week low of the share price is at $47.14.Microchip Technology Incorporated develops manufactures and sells specialized semiconductor products for a range of embedded control applications. The Company operates in segments including semiconductor products and technology licensing. The Company’s product portfolio consists of general purpose and specialized 8-bit 16-bit and 32-bit microcontrollers; linear mixed-signal power management; thermal management; Radio-frequency (RF) safety security wired connectivity and wireless connectivity devices as well as serial EEPROMs Serial Flash memories Parallel Flash memories and serial Static Random Access Memory (SRAM). The Company also licenses Flash-IP solutions that are incorporated in a range of products. The Company’s products are applicable in the automotive communications computing consumer and industrial control markets.     Lisa MayfieldTo contact the author of this report, send an email to lisa.mayfield@energyindexwatch.comYou might also likeBankfinancial Corp (BFIN) Files Form 4 Insider Selling : Paul A Cloutier  Sells  10,000 Shares Bankfinancial Corp (BFIN): Paul A Cloutier ,…Opko Health, Inc. (OPK) Files Form 4 Insider Buying : Gamma Investments Trust Frost  Buys  1,800 Shares Opko Health, Inc. (OPK): Gamma Investments Trust…Chesapeake Energy Corp (CHK) Files Form 4 Insider Buying : R Brad Martin  Buys  20,400 Shares Chesapeake Energy Corp (CHK): R Brad Martin…Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *   Previous PostSuper Micro Computer, Inc. (SMCI) Files Form 4 Insider Selling : Hwei-ming Fred Tsai  Sells  6,000 Shares Next PostEndurance International Group Holdings, Inc. (EIGI) Files Form 4 Insider Selling : Katherine J Andreasen  Sells  5,000 Shares Latest Earning ReleasesThe Big Earnings of Chipotle Mexican Grill Were Overshadowed by the Data BreachDespite its Sales Spiraling Down H&M Launches a New Label- ArketRevenue Update on AdCare Health Systems(NYSEMKT:ADK)Revenue Update on Eleven Biotherapeutics Inc(NASDAQ:EBIO)     The Demand for Cloud and SSD Are Now the Prime Growth Engines for Micron As WellAlaska Airlines Planning to Absorb Virgin America by 2019Andrew Puzder Decides to Leave CKE Restaurants HoldingsSoftbank Goes Soft on Wework and Invests $300 MillionMore Departures in Uber as Two Executives LeaveVolkswagen and Audi Headquarters Raided by German Authorities       James Eric Bjornholt - Director information and companies associated with | Zauba Corp  Skip to main contentFacebookTweetDigg itStumbleuponDeliciousPlus Share    Products   New Company Alerts  Lead List  Research Reports  Charges Search  Careers  Sign In Sign Up       Product   New Company Alerts  Lead List  Research Reports  Charges Search  Careers Sign In Sign Up LoginRegister ×CloseLogin Username *  Password *  CAPTCHA This question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.  Math question * 2 + 7 = Log in   Register Reset Password Close ×CloseRegister First Name *  Last Name *  Organization *  Designation *  Username *   E-mail address *  A valid e-mail address. All e-mails from the system will be sent to this address. The e-mail address is not made public and will only be used if you wish to receive a new password or wish to receive certain news or notifications by e-mail. CAPTCHA This question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions. Create new account Close    Company   Director   Trademark   Address  SubmitBrowse Companies by Activity, Age and Location You are hereHome › Director Profile  JAMES ERIC BJORNHOLT About JAMES ERIC BJORNHOLT James Eric Bjornholt is registered with Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA). Their DIN is 02558111. Following is their current and past directorship holdings. Companies Associated WithCompanyDesignationOriginal Date of Appointment ATMEL R & D INDIA PRIVATE LIMITEDDirector27 April 2016 STANDARD MICROSYSTEMS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITEDNominee Director15 August 2012 MICROCHIP TECHNOLOGY (INDIA) PRIVATE LIMITEDDirector28 January 2009 BRIDGECO TECHNOLOGIES INDIA PRIVATE LIMITEDNominee Director15 August 2012 NMI INDIA PRIVATE LIMITEDAdditional Director01 May 2016 Past Companies Associated WithCompanyDesignationOriginal Date of AppointmentDate of CessationLogin to view this information. Top of page


Insider Trading - Bjornholt James Eric - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Bjornholt James Eric





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-11-22Sale
2016-11-234:53 pm
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
2,043
$65.16
$133,122
14,965(Indirect)
View


2016-08-22Sale
2016-08-232:41 pm
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
2,461
$60.95
$149,998
14,155(Indirect)
View


2016-05-23Sale
2016-05-236:14 pm
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
2,164
$48.71
$105,408
14,155(Indirect)
View


2016-02-22Sale
2016-02-244:33 pm
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
1,956
$48.84
$95,531
13,720(Indirect)
View


2015-11-23Sale
2015-11-247:07 pm
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
2,064
$47.09
$97,194
13,527(Indirect)
View


2015-08-24Sale
2015-08-247:17 pm
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
1,927
$38
$73,226
13,000(Indirect)
View


2015-05-22Sale
2015-05-227:01 pm
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
1,926
$48.18
$92,795
13,000(Indirect)
View


2015-02-23Sale
2015-02-247:04 pm
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
1,932
$50.62
$97,798
12,634(Indirect)
View




Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2017-01-03Option Award
2017-01-046:11 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
169
$0
14,965(Direct)
View


2017-01-03Option Award
2017-01-046:11 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
63
$0
14,965(Direct)
View


2017-01-03Option Award
2017-01-046:11 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
2,353
$0
14,965(Direct)
View


2016-11-15Exercise
2016-11-167:19 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
3,928
$65.19
18,248(Indirect)
View


2016-11-15Tax Withholding
2016-11-167:19 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
1,240
$65.19
18,248(Indirect)
View


2016-11-15Exercise
2016-11-167:19 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
3,928
$65.19
18,248(Direct)
View


2016-10-02Option Award
2016-10-047:55 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
165
$38.44
14,320(Indirect)
View


2016-10-02Option Award
2016-10-047:55 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
174
$0
14,320(Direct)
View


2016-10-02Option Award
2016-10-047:55 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
65
$0
14,320(Direct)
View


2016-10-02Option Award
2016-10-047:55 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
2,417
$0
14,320(Direct)
View


2016-10-02Option Award
2016-10-046:52 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
174
$0
14,155(Direct)
View


2016-10-02Option Award
2016-10-046:52 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
65
$0
14,155(Direct)
View


2016-10-02Option Award
2016-10-046:52 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
2,417
$0
14,155(Direct)
View


2016-08-15Exercise
2016-08-157:18 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
3,596
$61.21
17,751(Indirect)
View


2016-08-15Tax Withholding
2016-08-157:18 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
1,135
$61.21
17,751(Indirect)
View


2016-08-15Exercise
2016-08-157:18 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
3,596
$61.21
17,751(Direct)
View


2016-07-02Option Award
2016-07-067:01 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
214
$0
14,155(Direct)
View


2016-07-02Option Award
2016-07-067:01 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
80
$0
14,155(Direct)
View


2016-07-02Option Award
2016-07-067:01 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
2,979
$0
14,155(Direct)
View


2016-05-15Exercise
2016-05-185:44 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
3,162
$47.95
17,317(Indirect)
View


2016-05-15Tax Withholding
2016-05-185:44 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
998
$47.95
17,317(Indirect)
View


2016-05-15Exercise
2016-05-185:44 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
3,162
$47.95
17,317(Direct)
View


2016-04-01Option Award
2016-04-056:25 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
223
$0
14,155(Direct)
View


2016-04-01Option Award
2016-04-056:25 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
84
$0
14,155(Direct)
View


2016-04-01Option Award
2016-04-056:25 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
3,111
$0
14,155(Direct)
View


2016-03-01Option Award
2016-03-031:32 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
435
$34.29
14,155(Indirect)
View


2016-02-15Exercise
2016-02-185:45 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
3,300
$41.63
16,827(Indirect)
View


2016-02-15Tax Withholding
2016-02-185:45 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
1,151
$41.63
16,827(Indirect)
View


2016-02-15Exercise
2016-02-185:45 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
3,300
$41.63
16,827(Direct)
View


2016-01-04Option Award
2016-01-065:48 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
110
$0
13,527(Direct)
View


2016-01-04Option Award
2016-01-065:48 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
3,112
$0
13,527(Direct)
View


2015-11-15Exercise
2015-11-176:53 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
3,508
$45.95
16,698(Indirect)
View


2015-11-15Tax Withholding
2015-11-176:53 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
1,107
$45.95
16,698(Indirect)
View


2015-11-15Exercise
2015-11-176:53 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
3,508
$45.95
16,698(Direct)
View


2015-10-01Exercise
2015-10-026:35 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
120
$0
13,190(Direct)
View


2015-10-01Exercise
2015-10-026:35 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
3,391
$0
13,190(Direct)
View


2015-09-01Option Award
2015-09-025:50 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
190
$34.29
21,276(Indirect)
View


2015-09-01Exercise
2015-09-025:50 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
21,276
$0
21,276(Direct)
View


2015-09-01Option Award
2015-09-025:26 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
190
$34.29
21,278(Indirect)
View


2015-09-01Exercise
2015-09-025:26 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
21,275
$0
21,278(Direct)
View


2015-08-15Exercise
2015-08-178:03 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
2,816
$43.52
15,816(Indirect)
View


2015-08-15Tax Withholding
2015-08-178:03 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
889
$43.52
15,816(Indirect)
View


2015-08-15Exercise
2015-08-178:03 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
2,816
$43.52
15,816(Direct)
View


2015-07-01Exercise
2015-07-019:33 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
108
$0
13,000(Direct)
View


2015-07-01Exercise
2015-07-019:33 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
3,068
$0
13,000(Direct)
View


2015-05-15Exercise
2015-05-196:32 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
2,815
$49.26
15,815(Indirect)
View


2015-05-15Tax Withholding
2015-05-196:32 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
889
$49.26
15,815(Indirect)
View


2015-05-15Exercise
2015-05-196:32 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
2,815
$49.26
15,815(Direct)
View


2015-04-01Exercise
2015-04-027:32 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
2,961
$0
13,000(Direct)
View


2015-04-01Exercise
2015-04-027:32 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
105
$0
13,000(Direct)
View


2015-03-02Option Award
2015-03-046:38 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
366
$38.21
13,000(Indirect)
View


2015-02-15Exercise
2015-02-186:28 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
2,907
$50.91
15,540(Indirect)
View


2015-02-15Tax Withholding
2015-02-186:28 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
975
$50.91
15,540(Indirect)
View


2015-02-15Exercise
2015-02-186:28 pm
N/AN/A
Microchip Technology Inc
MCHP
Bjornholt James EricVP and CFO
2,907
$50.91
15,540(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Wed, 26 Jul 2017 20:58:57 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  








    Eric Bjornholt | Microchip Technology Inc. | ZoomInfo.com


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Loading Your Search Results - BeenVerified.com






















Updating Data on {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! BeenVerified uses real public records. The information may be surprising.















Continue to Results 


Less than 30 seconds remaining. Checking billions of records. DO NOT HIT THE BACK BUTTON














×Close




In A Hurry?




We've already located  results for{{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}

Please wait 22 seconds more.




OKAY



































Reverse Property





















Reverse Address Lookup
Search millions of property values, deeds, owners, transactions and more!



Start Here! Try searching your home, your neighbors or another address...




Search





 We respect your privacy.






What Makes Us Different?
Property Data + People Data
Our reports include the traditional info you’d expect to find about a property (ownership, deeds, tax info, etc.), but we dig deeper and offer background records on people too.
Find criminal background records on owners, registered sex offenders in the neighborhood, and more.










The Extras We Include, for FREE


Run criminal background checks on previous owners, their associates, or the neighbors. Get to know the whole story.



Know your new neighborhood by seeing sex offender information, which may include names, addresses, and criminal convictions.



Easy to use reporting. Just enter an address, a name, or even a phone number and we will give you all the information we have.











“Excellent Support & Service”
- via SiteJabber.com







 1-888-579-5910


 support@beenverified.com






 Mon - Fri: 8 am - 10 pm estSat - Sun: 10 am - 8 pm est






"Our goal is to provide helpful support that is quick and easy."
Carla, Director of Customer Service





About Us

About BV
People Search
Testimonials
Careers
Leadership
Press
White Pages
Criminal Records



Our Apps

All BV Apps

For iPhone / iPad - Download


For Apple Watch - Download


For Android - Download

Developer API



Help

Support
Contact Us
Do's & Don'ts
FAQ
Remove My Info
Affiliates
Glossary





























Disclaimer: BeenVerified’s mission is to give people easy and affordable access to public record information. BeenVerified does not provide private investigator services, and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Report Act because the information provided by BeenVerified is not collected or provided, in whole or in part, for the purpose of furnishing consumer reports about those search subjects. For more information governing the permitted and prohibited uses of BeenVerified, please review our “Do’s & Don’ts” and our Terms & Conditions.





BeenVerified © 2017 All Rights Reserved
























Terms & Conditions|

Privacy Policy




































Online Background Checks | BeenVerified
























×
BeenVerified.com














Looking to Find Out About Someone?
So have the 1,000,000+ people who have tried BeenVerified.








Start Here - Try searching a friend, relative, date, neighbor, or even yourself






People




Phone




Email




Property





   We respect your privacy 










First Name



Last Name



State

All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 
Search








Phone Number



 
Search








Email Address



 
Search








Street Address



 
Search





   We respect your privacy 










47,281,562


Reports & Counting
































Reverse Property





















Reverse Address Lookup
Search millions of property values, deeds, owners, transactions and more!



Start Here! Try searching your home, your neighbors or another address...




Search





 We respect your privacy.






What Makes Us Different?
Property Data + People Data
Our reports include the traditional info you’d expect to find about a property (ownership, deeds, tax info, etc.), but we dig deeper and offer background records on people too.
Find criminal background records on owners, registered sex offenders in the neighborhood, and more.










The Extras We Include, for FREE


Run criminal background checks on previous owners, their associates, or the neighbors. Get to know the whole story.



Know your new neighborhood by seeing sex offender information, which may include names, addresses, and criminal convictions.



Easy to use reporting. Just enter an address, a name, or even a phone number and we will give you all the information we have.











“Excellent Support & Service”
- via SiteJabber.com







 1-888-579-5910


 support@beenverified.com






 Mon - Fri: 8 am - 10 pm estSat - Sun: 10 am - 8 pm est






"Our goal is to provide helpful support that is quick and easy."
Carla, Director of Customer Service





About Us

About BV
People Search
Testimonials
Careers
Leadership
Press
White Pages
Criminal Records



Our Apps

All BV Apps

For iPhone / iPad - Download


For Apple Watch - Download


For Android - Download

Developer API



Help

Support
Contact Us
Do's & Don'ts
FAQ
Remove My Info
Affiliates
Glossary





























Disclaimer: BeenVerified’s mission is to give people easy and affordable access to public record information. BeenVerified does not provide private investigator services, and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Report Act because the information provided by BeenVerified is not collected or provided, in whole or in part, for the purpose of furnishing consumer reports about those search subjects. For more information governing the permitted and prohibited uses of BeenVerified, please review our “Do’s & Don’ts” and our Terms & Conditions.





BeenVerified © 2017 All Rights Reserved
























Terms & Conditions|

Privacy Policy





































Background Checks & Public Records | BeenVerified




















 




×
BeenVerified.com


 Welcome to BeenVerified! from BeenVerified on Vimeo.















Search People & Public Records

Try searching a friend, relative or even yourself. The choice is yours!











People



Phone



Email



Property




   We respect your privacy. 









First Name



Last Name



State

All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 
Search








Phone Number



 
Search








Email Address



 
Search








Street Address



 
Search





  Are you a business user? Try KnowThyCustomer.com









47,281,562


Successful People Reports







Easy and Affordable Background Checks
Learn why millions of people search BeenVerified







Unlimited Searches, Anytime
Looking for someone? Our intuitive public records search engine makes it easy. See our "Do's and Don'ts."


Affordable & Accessible
We don't want you to ask yourself if it's "worth it" to run a search.


Respect For Privacy
A privacy-friendly public record search is not an oxymoron. Learn how we do it.


Public Records in One Easy Report
Search for what you are looking for and get all the data we find in one single report.







Learn About Us












 BeenVerified for Business 
 Imagine the power of BeenVerified's massive public record database working for your business. That's BV Pro.









 Why BV Pro?

Enterprise APIs
Perfect for Teams
Batch Processing
Customizable










 What is it for?

Prevent Fraud
Scrub Records
Reach Customers
Client Relations







Try BV Pro 


Not Sure? Check out our “Do’s & Don’ts”






Experience the BeenVerified Difference
See what people like you are saying about BeenVerified







Natasha, Oklahoma
Nursing Student
"My daughter recently went out for soccer. I decided it would be a good idea to run another player’s father through BeenVerified. Turns out this guy had been charged with indecent exposure and was on parole."


Maryann, New Jersey
Analyst
"I used BeenVerified to check into a guy that I had met online. It turns out he had lied to me about where he lived and his family. Needless to say, thanks to BV I severed contact with him and have not heard from him since. Thank you BV!"


Bob M, New Jersey
Retired Detective
"I am retired and have a ministry helping the dying and sick. I found a son and the mother was dying of cancer. She held on waiting for her son who had not been in touch for years."


Rhonda, Missouri
Caring Mom
"I'm a single mother dating online and I use BeenVerified to help protect my family!"









More Testimonials





From the Press
Gizmodo.com
"It found my photos on Flickr, my Amazon wishlist, my public Foursquare records, Vimeo, Picassa, and Stumbleupon accounts. It grabbed approximately twelve bajillion photos of me (with many, many false positives) and even more web links."


From the Press
U.S. News & World Report
"BeenVerified easily and inexpensively provides access to public records information through its website and several mobile phone applications. No longer are large corporations the only ones who can afford background checks."


From the Press
NBC 6 Miami
"Instant information… Court documents, mortgage deeds, criminal records right in the palm of your hand."








More Press Quotes

















Billions of Records at Your Fingertips




 With over 7,000,000 downloads so far, BeenVerified is the go-to choice for mobile public data access. 

"Great App"    
"BeenVerified is easy to use and provides the details needed for a reliable, accurate background check. Highly recommend!”
- via the App Store


























 What are you waiting for?Search Someone














