         
	Blackstone Holdings I, II, III, And IV L.P. Rated 'A'; Outlook Stable
    



















9d4b21c6-35a8-4ce7-97b5-772a310620b6






Media
Stay up to date with the latest Blackstone news





  
Overview
  
Press Releases
  
Market Commentary
  
Videos
  
Blog
 
Press Releases    Receive Press Releases by Email



            May 05, 2009
        


            Blackstone Holdings I, II, III, And IV L.P. Rated 'A'; Outlook Stable
        

 Overview 

We expect the company's cash earnings to be stable and its balance sheet to remain strong
We are assigning an initial rating to Blackstone Holdings I, II, III and IV L.P. of 'A'
An upgrade is unlikely until general economic conditions improve


Rating Action
On May 5, 2009, Standard & Poor's Ratings Services assigned its 'A' long-term counterparty credit rating to the Blackstone Partnerships: Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., and Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. (collectively Blackstone). The outlook is stable.
Rationale
The ratings are supported by stable recurring revenue and cash-flow streams, diverse businesses, a strong balance sheet, and a high level of transparency. Additional support comes from the patient and conservative approach applied to all aspects of its business and a market-beating long-term track record demonstrating good performance throughout economic cycles.
The Blackstone Group LP (NYSE: BX) is a listed public company, subject to Sarbanes Oxley and SEC reporting requirements, which enhances our view of governance practices. The IPO brought $3 billion of permanent capital onto the balance sheet, which was already fortified with significant cash and short-term investment holdings.
Blackstone has a globally respected brand and a diverse array of businesses with countercyclical elements. Long-standing institutional limited partners are broadly diversified. Blackstone has a partnership culture that drives intellectual capital across the firm and aligns interests of public and inside holders. Partners have strong incentives to remain with Blackstone, preserving and attracting new talent.
Reputation risk, slowing deal flow, and large write-downs on fund investments partly balance our positive view of Blackstone's credit profile. We believe the firm is exposed to reputation risk because over time, the possibility of fund level returns failing to outperform the public equity markets could harm the brand. In addition, slowing deal flow in the firm's private equity and real estate businesses could hurt future realizations. Accordingly, we expect income from transactions and investment realizations to be muted through 2009. Finally, recent write-downs have affected financial performance.
The Blackstone Group is a publicly traded global alternative asset manager and provider of financial advisory services with total fee-earning assets under management of about $91.0 billion as of Dec. 31, 2008. Business lines include the management of corporate private equity funds, real estate funds, funds of hedge funds, credit-oriented funds, collateralized loan obligations, and closed-end mutual funds. Blackstone also provides a diverse array of advisory services.
Outlook
The stable outlook balances Blackstone's lack of balance-sheet risk, the firm's success in recent fundraising efforts, and strong performance in many of its countercyclical advisory businesses against the likelihood that private equity and real estate transaction volumes will remain slow and that asset valuations in its funds will suffer in the current recession. The outlook also incorporates our expectation that reported earnings will be weak or negative through 2009, management will limit leverage at the holding company, and the balance sheet will remain strong.
An upgrade is unlikely in the current economic environment. When economic conditions improve, we could upgrade Blackstone if the business continues to grow in balanced fashion either in existing or new businesses, or opportunistically through acquisitions. Significant realized investment gains could further strengthen the balance sheet and lead to an upgrade.
We could downgrade Blackstone if leverage increases from less than $1 billion to more than $3.5 billion, driving the debt-to-debt plus equity ratio beyond 40%, or if deployment of cash calls balance-sheet liquidity into question. We could also downgrade Blackstone if the brand is impaired, making retaining existing or raising new funds difficult.
Ratings List
New Rating; Outlook Action
Blackstone Holdings I L.P.
Blackstone Holdings IV L.P.
Blackstone Holdings III L.P.
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.
Counterparty Credit Rating    A/Stable/--
















Quick Links






Explore Blackstone






Get in Touch



























  Back to Top









© 2016 The Blackstone Group L.P. | English | 中文 (Chinese)
Transparency & Disclosure | Legal | Privacy | Cookie Notice | Japan Disclaimer



プライバシー・ポリシー  | 法規制に基づく開示
ブラックストーン・グループ・ジャパン株式会社金融商品取引業者 関東財務局（金商）第１７８５号加入協会/日本証券業協会　一般社団法人第二種金融商品取引業協会





×
Stay up-to-dateEmail AlertsTo receive email notifications when press releases or Byron Wien's Market Commentaries are posted, sign up for email alerts here.
           
 email address (required)


 first name (required)


 last name (required)

company name
job title

Byron Wien Market Commentary
                

Blackstone Press Releases
                



   Submit
          


Cookie Information and Consent RequestBlackstone Cookie PolicyThis website uses cookies, including third-party cookies, which allow Blackstone to obtain information about your visit to the website. Please click on the link "Learn More" below if you would like more information about the cookies used on this website and how to select certain cookies. You will also be able to refuse the installation of certain cookies. By continuing to use this website (clicking on a picture or link under this banner), you consent to the use of cookies.
Learn More Continue 


×
Contact UsGeneralFor office-specific contact information, please visit our offices page. Switchboard: +1 (212) 583-5000Email Alerts & Investor RelationsTo receive email notifications when press releases or Byron Wien’s Market Commentaries are posted, sign up for email alerts here.
For investor relations contact information or to receive email notifications for SEC filings, events, end of day stock quotes, and financial reports, please visit our Investor Relations page.
Investor Relations Contact InformationUS: +1 888-756-8443International: +1 646-313-6590BlackstoneInvestorRelations@blackstone.com Media ContactsFor media inquiries or recent press releases, please click here.





 


Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












         
	Blackstone - Home
    





















9d4b21c6-35a8-4ce7-97b5-772a310620b6



 


We practice the
Art of the Long View


For over 30 years


We build to last






  

Private Equity

  
  

Tactical
Opportunities

  
  

Strategic
Partners

  
  
  

Real Estate

  
  

Hedge Fund
Solutions (BAAM)

  
  

Credit (GSO)

  
  

Infrastructure

  
  

Blackstone
Charitable Foundation

  
  

Corporate
Social Responsibility


  



our
approach

 


  





Blackstone Reports Second Quarter 2017 Results


View Full Press Release
View Supplemental Financial Data: PDF | Excel
Listen to Webcast


















News and Views
view all




Market Commentary



Some Speed Bumps Slowing the Bull



		I continue to believe that the two most important issues receiving inadequate investor attention are productivity and the role of central bank liquidity in the performance of financial markets.
	








(?)




























PRESS RELEASES



Blackstone Acquires Clarion



		London, July 24, 2017  – Private equity funds managed by Blackstone (“Blackstone”) announce the acquisition of Clarion Events, one of the world’s leading independent events organisers, from private equity funds managed by Providence Equity Partners (“Providence”).
	








(?)




























BLACKSTONE BLOG



Blackstone Named to Fortune’s “25 Best Workplaces in New York” List


	Blackstone has been named by Fortune Magazine as one of the 25 best places to work in New York. The list includes companies across industries in the state and greater NYC metropolitan area. Blackstone ranked among the highest companies in the financial services sector and was the top-ranked asset management firm on the list.









Highlights

view all
 





				Mondays at Blackstone
			




 







				The Power of Support: A film from TED and the Blackstone Charitable Foundation
			




 







				Why Hiring Veterans is Good for Business
			




 







				Blackstone President Tony James on Creating Value for Investors
			







Twitter

follow us
 


Tweets by @blackstone













Quick Links






Explore Blackstone






Get in Touch



























  Back to Top









© 2016 The Blackstone Group L.P. | English | 中文 (Chinese)
Transparency & Disclosure | Legal | Privacy | Cookie Notice | Japan Disclaimer



プライバシー・ポリシー  | 法規制に基づく開示
ブラックストーン・グループ・ジャパン株式会社金融商品取引業者 関東財務局（金商）第１７８５号加入協会/日本証券業協会　一般社団法人第二種金融商品取引業協会





×
Stay up-to-dateEmail AlertsTo receive email notifications when press releases or Byron Wien's Market Commentaries are posted, sign up for email alerts here.
           
 email address (required)


 first name (required)


 last name (required)

company name
job title

Byron Wien Market Commentary
                

Blackstone Press Releases
                



   Submit
          


Cookie Information and Consent RequestBlackstone Cookie PolicyThis website uses cookies, including third-party cookies, which allow Blackstone to obtain information about your visit to the website. Please click on the link "Learn More" below if you would like more information about the cookies used on this website and how to select certain cookies. You will also be able to refuse the installation of certain cookies. By continuing to use this website (clicking on a picture or link under this banner), you consent to the use of cookies.
Learn More Continue 


×
Contact UsGeneralFor office-specific contact information, please visit our offices page. Switchboard: +1 (212) 583-5000Email Alerts & Investor RelationsTo receive email notifications when press releases or Byron Wien’s Market Commentaries are posted, sign up for email alerts here.
For investor relations contact information or to receive email notifications for SEC filings, events, end of day stock quotes, and financial reports, please visit our Investor Relations page.
Investor Relations Contact InformationUS: +1 888-756-8443International: +1 646-313-6590BlackstoneInvestorRelations@blackstone.com Media ContactsFor media inquiries or recent press releases, please click here.





 


Blackstone Holdings II L.P.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 10:46 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Blackstone Holdings II L.P.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Blackstone Holdings II L.P. operates as a subsidiary of The Blackstone Group LP.



,  United States










Key Executives for Blackstone Holdings II L.P.


Blackstone Holdings II L.P. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Blackstone Holdings II L.P., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Blackstone Holdings III L.P.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 10:46 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Blackstone Holdings III L.P.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Blackstone Holdings III L.P. was formerly known as Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and changed its name to Blackstone Holdings III L.P. in 2009. The company is based in Canada. Blackstone Holdings III L.P. operates as a subsidiary of The Blackstone Group.


,  Canada










Key Executives for Blackstone Holdings III L.P.


Blackstone Holdings III L.P. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



Blackstone Holdings III L.P. Key Developments

Blackstone Holdings II Reviews Alternatives
Oct 13 15
Blackstone Holdings III L.P. is planning  to review on a continuing basis the investments in the company. Subject to certain agreements, Blackstone Holdings III may communicate with the board of the company, members of management and/or other unitholders or other relevant parties from time to time with respect to operational, strategic, financial or governance matters or otherwise work with management and the board with a view to maximizing unitholder value, including with respect to exploring extraordinary corporate transactions, such as a merger; sales or acquisitions of assets or businesses, recapitalizations, buybacks or changes to the capitalization or dividend policy. Blackstone Holdings II may also seek to sell or otherwise dispose some or all of the company's securities from time to time, and/or may seek to acquire additional securities of the company from time to time, in each case, in open market or private transactions, block sales or otherwise.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 2251442 Ontario Inc. Americas 26 Broadway Capital Corp. Americas 4Front Capital Partners, Inc. Americas 888 Capital Group Americas A Nihmey & Associates Americas




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Blackstone Holdings III L.P., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 



Blackstone Holdings II L.P. Employee Discounts, Employee Benefits, Employee Perks, Employee Discount Program - Corporate Shopping

















Exclusive Offers. Elite Brands. Easy Shopping.



GO 




FOLLOW US: 


login








Blackstone Holdings II L.P.


Enjoy Private Employee Discounts, Exclusive Pricing and Friends & Family Sales.

























- REAL RECENT OFFERS -





Special employee pricing, everyday discounts,
		private offers, Friends & Family, and more!



You're in good company! All Blackstone Holdings II L.P. employees are eligible for unbeatable deals at over 250 of the world's best retailers.
Lifetime registration is 100% free to all employees.

FIRST NAME:LAST NAME:EMAIL:CREATE PASSWORD:RE-TYPE PASSWORD:*ALTERNATE EMAIL:Instant Access!
We absolutely respect email privacy. Privacy Policy










Top Companies Eligible For Employee Discounts

ADP, Inc.
Advanced Auto
AIG
Albertsons
Ally Financial Inc.
American Family Insurance Company
Arby's
AT&T Corporation
Avaya Inc.
Amazon.com, Inc.
Amgen Inc.
Apple Inc.
Avis Budget Group, Inc.
3M Company
Abbott Laboratories
Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.
Aecom Technology Corporation
Agilent Technologies, Inc.
American International Group, Inc.
AOL Inc.
Ashland Inc.
Assurant, Inc.
Autoliv, Inc.
Avery Dennison Corporation
Avon Products, Inc.
Barclays Group US, Inc.
Bechtel Corporation
Best Buy
Big Lots Stores, Inc.
Booz Allen Hamilton Inc.
Burger King Corporation
Bed Bath & Beyond Inc.
Ball Corporation
Barnes & Noble, Inc.
Baxter International Inc.
BB&T Corporation
Becton, Dickinson and Company
Bemis Company, Inc.
Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
BorgWarner Inc.
Boston Scientific Corporation
Bristol-Myers Squibb Company
Caesars Entertainment
Cargill, Incorporated
Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.
US Department of Justice
Chevron Inc
ConocoPhillips Company
Coventry Health Care Inc.
Cox Enterprises, Inc.
McGraw-Hill
Crown Holdings, Inc.
Charter Communications, Inc.
Cognizant Technology Solutions 
Costco Wholesale Corporation
Cablevision Systems Corporation
Cameron International Corporation
Capital One Financial Corporation
CBRE Group, Inc.
CenturyLink, Inc.
Chubb Corporation
Computer Sciences Corporation
ConAgra Foods, Inc.
Con-way Inc.
Corning Incorporated
CSX Corporation
Cummins Inc.
Delaware North Companies, Inc.
Domino's Pizza 
Dunkin' Donuts 
Olive Garden
Chili's Grill & Bar 
DISH Network Corporation
Dollar Tree, Inc.
Dana Holding Corporation
Danaher Corporation
DaVita HealthCare Partners Inc.
Dean Foods Company
Deutsche Bank USA
US Department of Veterans Affairs
Dillards, Inc.
Dole Food Company, Inc
Dollar General Corporation
Dover Corporation
Dow Chemical Company
Duke Energy Corporation
EmblemHealth, Inc.
Emerson Electric 
Marriott International
Enterprise Rent-A-Car Company
Ernst & Young LLP
Colgate Palmolive
eBay Inc.
Express Scripts
Ecolab Inc.
Eli Lilly and Company
EMC Corporation
EMCOR Group, Inc.
Estee Lauder Companies, Inc.
Exelon Corporation
Exxon Mobil Corporation
First Data Corporation
Facebook, Inc.
Fifth Third Bancorp
Frontier Communications Corporation
Family Dollar Stores, Inc.
Fidelity National Financial, Inc.
Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.
FirstEnergy Corporation
Fluor Corporation
Foot Locker, Inc.
Ford Motor Company
Alcoa
Subway
Gamestop Corporation
Gannett Co.
General Electric 
General Mills, Inc.
General Motors Company
Genworth Financial Inc
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.
Google Inc.
Halliburton
HCR ManorCare, Inc.
HCSC Group
Health Care Service Corporation
Health Management Associates, Inc.
Health Net, Inc.
Hess Energy Inc.
Highmark Inc.
HSBC Bank USA
Hy-Vee, Inc.
Henry Schein, Inc.
H.J. Heinz Company
Hartford Financial Services Group
Hewlett-Packard Company
Hillshire Brands Company
Home Depot, Inc. 
Honeywell International Inc.
Hormel Foods Corporation
Huntington Ingalls Industries
Independence Blue Cross, Inc.
Instagram, Inc.
International Paper 
Intel Corporation
Illinois Tool Works Inc.
Ingram Micro Inc.
International Business Machines


Jabil Circuit
Jefferies & Company
John Deere
Johnson & Johnson Inc.
J.C. Penney Company
Jacobs Engineering Group Inc.
Jarden Corporation
Johnson Controls, Inc.
Kaiser Foundation Hospitals, Inc.
KFC 
Kiewit Corporation
Kimberly Clark Worldwide Inc.
PwC
Koch Industries, Inc.
Kroger Foods, Inc.
KBR, Inc.
Kellogg Company
Kindred Healthcare, Inc.
Kohls Corporation
Kelly Services, Inc.
Kraft Foods Group, Inc.
Laboratory Corporation of America
Liberty Interactive
Liberty Mutual Insurance
Liberty Global, Inc.
L-3 Communications
Las Vegas Sands Corp.
Lazard
LinkedIn Corporation
Loews Corporation
Mars, Incorporated
MASCO, Inc.
McKinsey & Company
Medtronic USA Inc.
Meijer, Inc.
Mattel, Inc.
Micron Technology, Inc.
Microsoft Corporation
Mondelez International, Inc.
ManpowerGroup
Marathon Petroleum Corporation
Marsh & McLennan Companies
Masco Corporation
McDonalds Corporation
Medtronic, Inc.
Merck & Company
Mohawk Industries, Inc.
Monsanto Company
Murphy Oil Corporation
National Oilwell Varco, L.P.
Nationwide
NBC Universal
New York Life Insurance Co.
News Corporation
Northern Trust Corporation
NCR Corporation
Nike, Inc.
Nordstrom, Inc.
Norfolk Southern Corporation
Nucor Corporation
Omnicom Group
OSI Restaurant Partners, LLC
Outback Steakhouse
Office Depot, Inc.
Officemax Incorporated
Omnicare, Inc.
Owens-Illinois, Inc.
Pinterest
Piper Jaffray & Co.
Pitney Bowes Inc.
Pizza Hut
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Progressive Casualty Insurance Company
Publix Super Markets
Parker-Hannifin Corporation
Pepsico, Inc.
Pfizer, Inc.
PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.
PPG Industries, Inc.
Praxair, Inc.
Prudential Financial
Dairy Queen
PACCAR Inc.
PetSmart, Inc
QUALCOMM Incorporated
Quest Diagnostics Incorporated
R.R. Donnelley & Sons Company
Ralph Lauren Corporation
Raytheon Company
Red Lobster
Regions Financial Corporation
Rite Aid
Rockwell Automation, Inc.
Ross Stores, Inc.
Ryder System, Inc.
Safeway Inc.
SAIC Inc
Samsung International, Inc.
Sanmina, Inc.
Sealed Air Corporation
Sears Holdings Corporation
Sempra Energy
Sherwin-Williams Company 
Smithfield Foods, Inc.
Sodexo, Inc.
Southern Company
Southwest Airlines Company
St. Jude Medical, Inc.
Stanley Black & Decker, Inc.
Starbucks 
Starwood Hotels & Resorts 
State Street Corporation
Stryker Corporation
SunTrust Banks, Inc.
SuperValu Inc.
Symantec Corporation
Taco Bell 
TD Bank, N.A.
Tenet Healthcare Corporation
Tenneco Inc.
Terex Corporation
Texas Instruments Incorporated
Textron Inc.
US Department of Homeland Security
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company
US Department of the Treasury
US Department of Agriculture
United States Department of Defense
The Shaw Group Inc.
The Timken Corporation
Travelers Companies, Inc.
Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc
Time Warner Cable
TJX Companies, Inc.
TravelCenters of America 
Twitter, Inc.
Tyson Foods
U.S. Bancorp
Union Pacific Corporation
United Airlines, Inc
United Continental Holdings
United Parcel Service
United States Steel Corporation
United Technologies Corporation
Universal Health Services, Inc.
Unum
URS Corporation
US Airways Inc.


Valero Energy Corporation
Vanguard Health Systems, Inc.
Verizon Communications
Viacom Inc.
Visteon Corporation
W.W. Grainger, Inc.
Walgreen Co.
Walt Disney Company 
Waste Management, Inc.
WellPoint Inc.
Wells Fargo & Company
Wendys 
Weyerhaeuser Company
Whirlpool 
Whole Foods Market, Inc.
Wynn Resorts
Xerox 
Yahoo
YRC Worldwide, Inc.
Yum Brands
Arizona State University
kijian.com
retailcodes.com
McKesson
Bank of America
Citibank
J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.	
Apple
CVS Caremark
IBM
Citigroup
Cardinal Health
UnitedHealth Group
Procter & Gamble
Archer Daniels Midland
AmerisourceBergen
Boeing
Walmart Stores
Target
MetLife
Caterpillar
State Farm Insurance
Comcast
Dell
UPS
Intel
Lowe's
Coca-Cola
Lockheed Martin
Cisco Systems
FedEx
Sysco
CHS
Dupont
Humana
Hess
Oracle
Delta Airlines
Aetna
American Express
Allstate
Morgan Stanley
General Dynamics
Phillip Morris
Mass Mutual
Cigna
Baker Hughes
Aramark
Darden Restaurants
Gap
Lear
Western Digital
3M
Community Health Systems
AMR
American Airlines
Northrop Grumman
State of New York
Fairfax County Public Schools
Los Angeles Unified School District
Houston Independent School District
Hawaii Department of Education
Dallas Independent School District
Montgomery County Public Schools
Credit Suisse
Verizon Wireless
UPS
Sprint
Motorola
O'Reilly Automotive
Interpublic Group
Jones Financial
Freeport McMoRan
HCA Healthcare
Fidelity Investments
 UnitedHealthcare
Highmark Blue Cross Blue Shield
Regence BlueCross BlueShield
CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield
State of Texas
UBS
mywalmart.com
Pennsylvania State University
Ohio State University
University of Minnesota
University of Texas at Austin
Ashford University
University of Central Florida
Texas A&M University
University of Florida
Michigan State University
State University of New York
City University of New York
California State University
University of California
Miami Dade College
Indiana University
New York City Department of Education
New York City Public Schools
City of Chicago School District 29
Dade County School District
Broward County School District
Clark County School District
Philadelphia City School Disctrict
Hillsborough County School District
Detroit City School District
Palm Beach County School District
Orange County School District
San Diego City Unified School Disctrict
Prince Georges County Public Schools
Duval County School District
State of California
City of New York
City of Los Angeles
City of Chicago
City of Houston
City of Philadelphia
City of San Antonio
City of San Diego
City of Dallas
City of San Francisco
City of Charlotte
City of Fort Worth
City of Detroit
State Government Employees
Apple EPP
GE





Top Employee Discounts

123 Inkjets
1800Baskets.com
1800Flowers.com
1800Mattress
7 for All Mankind
Advance Auto Parts
Amazon.com
American Eagle Outfitters
Angie's List
Ann Taylor
Ann Taylor Loft
Apple Store
Art.com
Ashford.com
Avis
Banana Republic
Bare Necessities
Barnes & Noble.com
Best Buy
Best Western
Bloomingdales
Blue Nile
Bluefly.com
Bobbi Brown
Brooks Brothers Corporate Membership
Victoria's Secret
Budget-Rent-A-Car
BuyCostumes.com
Calvin Klein 
CheapTickets.com
Choice Hotels®
Uber
Clarins
Clinique
Crate & Barrel
Vegas.com
Orlando Employee Discounts
Crocs.com
Darphin
Experian
Dell Home Systems
UGG
DIRECTV
Drugstore.com
eBags.com
Eddie Bauer
Enterprise Rent-a-Car
Estée Lauder
Expedia.com
Express
Fairmont Hotels
Fandango
Finish Line
Footlocker.com
FragranceNet.com
FTD.com
Gap.com
GNC Vitamins
GoDaddy.com
Godiva
Golf Smith
Groupon
Harry & David
Hertz
Sprint Discount Program
Holiday Inn Express
Holiday Inn® Hotels
Home Depot
Hotels.com
Ice.com
InterContinental® Hotels Group
J. Crew
J. Jill
JC Penney
Kate Spade
Kiehls
Kipling
Kohls.com
La Quinta Inns & Suites
Lancome


Lands' End
Levis
LifeLock Identify Theft
Lord & Taylor
Lowes
Lucky Brand Jeans
Macys
Magazines.com
Marriott Hotels
MLB.com Shop
Modells
Molton Brown
Moosejaw
Motel 6®
Nautica
NBA Store
Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH
Newegg
New York Times
NFL Shop
Nike Store
Nine West
Nordstrom
North Face
Office Depot
Old Navy
Orbitz
Origins
Philosophy
ProFlowers.com
Puma.com
Ralph Lauren
Red Envelope
REI
Restaurant.com
Saks Fifth Avenue
Sears
Sephora.com
Shari's Berries
Sheraton Hotels & Resorts
ShoeBuy.com
ShoeMall.com
Shoes.com
Sierra Trading Post
Snapfish
Solstice Sunglasses
Starbucks
Target
The Childrens Place
The Sports Authority
Tickets Now
TigerDirect.com
Timberland
Tory Burch
Travelocity
TurboTax
Under Armour
Verizon Wireless
Walmart.com
Weight Watchers
Westin Hotels
teleflora
Spanx
Starwood Hotels & Resorts
Club Monaco
Kenneth Cole
HotelStorm
Neiman Marcus Last Call
Rite Aid
Ticket Monster
Pier 1 Imports
Zipcar
Cox Communications
L.L.Bean
Kmart
Walgreens
Staples
T-Mobile
Sprint
Shutterfly


Tiny Prints
Coach
StubHub
hockeymonkey
Eve's Addiction
Pottery Barn
Rag & Bone
iTunes
Asos
Omaha Steaks
SeaWorld Parks
Samsung
Hilton Hotels & Resorts®
Geico
Evite
MICROSOFT HOME USE PROGRAM
Booking.com
Lacoste
Dockers
Cole Haan
CB2
Quicken Loans
Design Within Reach
Hyatt Hotels
Forever 21
West Elm
Liberty Mutual Insurance
CheapOair.com
T.J. Maxx
ESET
HP EMPLOYEE PURCHASE PROGRAM 
buybuy BABY
Old Pueblo Traders
Diesel
Talbots
Bed Bath & Beyond®
Sperry Top-Sider
Toms
Jo Malone
UNIQLO
39DollarGlasses.com
Gilt.com
HalloweenCostumes.com
Ticketmaster
Woot
Esurance
American Apparel
Williams-Sonoma
Verizon Broadband Services
La Mer
nomorerack.com
Carolee
PBteen
Pottery Barn Kids
Verizon Wireless Ford Employees
Verizon Wireless NYU Medical Center Employees
J.Crew Factory
DraftKings
Cars.com
Michael Kors
Billabong
QVC
Dell Member Purchase Program
DISH
American Express® Gift Cards
AccorHotels
LendingTree.com
GE Appliances Warehouse
W Hotels Worldwide
Embassy Suites by Hilton™
InterContinental® Hotels & Resorts
Hilton Garden Inn
Fairfield Inn & Suites® Marriott
Beaches® Resorts 
Atlantis Paradise Island Resort
Sandals Resorts International
Via
Parallels
U.S. Bank












The Blackstone Group - Wikipedia






















 







The Blackstone Group

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Blackstone Group)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with BlackRock Inc, an investment management firm.

The Blackstone Group L.P.





Type

Master limited partnership


Traded as
NYSE: BX


Industry
Financial services


Founded
1985; 32 years ago (1985)


Founder
Peter George Peterson
Stephen A. Schwarzman


Headquarters
345 Park Avenue, Manhattan, New York City, New York, United States



Key people

Stephen A. Schwarzman
(Chairman and CEO)
Hamilton E. James
(President & COO)
J. Tomilson Hill
(Vice Chairman)
Jonathan D. Gray
(Global Head of Real estate)


Products
Private equity
Investment management
Asset management


Revenue
 US$ 7.484 billion (2014)



Net income

 US$ 1.584 billion (2014)


AUM
 US$ 311 billion (2015)[1][2]


Total assets
 US$ 31.510 billion (2014)



Number of employees

2,190 (2014)


Website
www.blackstone.com


The Blackstone Group L.P. is an American multinational private equity, alternative asset management and financial services firm based in New York City. As the largest alternative investment firm in the world,[3] Blackstone specializes in private equity, credit and hedge fund investment strategies.[4]
Blackstone's private equity business has been one of the largest investors in leveraged buyout transactions over the last decade, while its real estate business has actively acquired commercial real estate. Since its inception, Blackstone has completed investments in such notable companies as Hilton Worldwide, Merlin Entertainments Group, Performance Food Group, Equity Office Properties, Republic Services, AlliedBarton, United Biscuits, Freescale Semiconductor, Vivint,[5] and Travelport.[6]
Blackstone was founded in 1985 as a mergers and acquisitions boutique by Peter G. Peterson and Stephen A. Schwarzman, who had previously worked together at Lehman Brothers, Kuhn, Loeb Inc. Over the course of two decades, Blackstone has evolved into one of the world's largest private equity investment firms.[3] In 2007, Blackstone completed a $4 billion initial public offering to become one of the first major private equity firms to list shares in its management company on a public exchange.[7][8] Blackstone is headquartered at 345 Park Avenue in Manhattan, New York City, with eight additional offices in the United States, as well as offices in London, Paris, Düsseldorf, Sydney, Tokyo, Hong Kong, Singapore, Beijing, Shanghai, Madrid, Mumbai, and Dubai.[9]



Contents


1 Business segments

1.1 Corporate private equity
1.2 Real estate
1.3 Marketable alternative asset management
1.4 Financial advisory services


2 History

2.1 Founding and early history
2.2 1990s
2.3 Early 2000s
2.4 Buyout boom (2005–2007)
2.5 Initial public offering in 2007
2.6 2008 to 2010
2.7 Investments since 2011


3 Self-dealing
4 See also
5 References
6 External links



Business segments[edit]
Blackstone is organized into four business segments:[10]

Corporate private equity – Management of Blackstone's family of private equity funds investing in leveraged buyout transactions;
Investment Banking and Financial Advisory – Includes Blackstone's mergers and acquisitions advisory services, restructuring and reorganization advisory services, and fund placement services for alternative investment funds;
Marketable Alternative Asset Management – Management of Blackstone's funds of hedge funds, mezzanine funds, senior debt vehicles, and closed-end mutual funds;
Real Estate – Management of Blackstone's family of real estate investment funds.

Corporate private equity[edit]
As of 2011[update], Blackstone is the world's fifth-largest private equity firm by committed capital, focusing primarily on leveraged buyouts of more mature companies.[7] The firm also invests through minority investments, corporate partnerships, and industry consolidations, and occasionally, start-up investments in new entrants into existing industries. The firm focuses on friendly investments in large capitalization companies.[10]
Blackstone's private equity business employs approximately 120 investment employees in New York City; London; Menlo Park, California; Mumbai; Hong Kong; and Beijing.[6]
Historically, Blackstone has primarily relied on private equity funds, pools of committed capital from pension funds, insurance companies, endowments, fund of funds, high-net-worth individuals, sovereign wealth funds, and other institutional investors.[11] As of the end of 2008, Blackstone had completed fundraising for six funds with total investor commitments of over $36 billion, including five traditional private equity fund and a separate fund focusing on telecommunications investments.
Below is a summary of Blackstone's private equity funds raised from its inception through the beginning of 2009:[12]


Fund
Vintage
Year
Committed
Capital ($b)


Blackstone Capital Partners I
1987
$0.8


Blackstone Capital Partners II
1994
$1.27


Blackstone Capital Partners III
1997
$3.78


Blackstone Communications Partners I
2000
$2.02


Blackstone Capital Partners IV
2003
$6.45


Blackstone Capital Partners V
2006
$21.7


Blackstone Capital Partners VI
2010
$13.5


From 1987 to the time of its IPO filing in 2007, Blackstone invested approximately $20 billion in capital in 109 private equity transactions.[10]
Blackstone's most notable investments include Allied Waste,[13] AlliedBarton Security Services, Graham Packaging, Celanese, Nalco, HealthMarkets, Houghton Mifflin, American Axle, TRW Automotive, Catalent Pharma Solutions, Prime Hospitality, Legoland, Madame Tussauds,[14] Luxury Resorts (LXR), Pinnacle Foods, Hilton Hotels Corporation, Apria Healthcare, Travelport, The Weather Channel (United States) and The PortAventura Resort. In 2009 Blackstone purchased Busch Entertainment (comprising the Sea World Parks, Busch Garden Parks and the 2 water parks).[15]
In 2012, Blackstone acquired a controlling interest in Utah-based Vivint, Inc., a home automation, security, and energy company.[16]
Former notable investments include Universal Studios Parks, which was sold to Comcast.
Real estate[edit]
Blackstone began building its real estate investment business in 1992 with the acquisition of a series of hotel businesses and has built it into a global operation with 122 investment professionals in the United States, Europe and Asia. The real estate business has raised approximately $28 billion for a variety of fund vehicles, including six US-focused funds and three International opportunity funds. Blackstone also raised a real estate special situations fund focusing on non-controlling debt and equity investment opportunities. The special situations fund invests directly in real estate as well as private and publicly traded real estate-related securities.[10][17]
The following is a summary of Blackstone's real estate funds raised from inception through November 2009:[12]


Fund
Vintage
Year
Committed
Capital ($b)


Blackstone Real Estate Partners I
1994
$0.48


Blackstone Real Estate Partners II
1996
$1.3


Blackstone Real Estate Partners III
1999
$1.5


Blackstone Real Estate Partners International (Europe)
2001
€0.8


Blackstone Real Estate Partners IV
2003 (alt value 2004)[18]
$2.5 (alt value €6.7bn)[18]


Blackstone Real Estate Partners International (Europe) II
2006
€1.55


Blackstone Real Estate Partners V
2006
$5.25


Blackstone Real Estate Partners VI
2007
$10.9


Blackstone Real Estate Special Situations PE Fund
2008
$1.0


Blackstone Real Estate Partners Europe III
2009
€3.1


From 1987 through the time of its IPO filing in 2007, Blackstone invested more than $13 billion in 212 real estate transactions and is a major owner of real estate throughout the US and Europe.[10] Blackstone's most notable real estate investments have included Equity Office Properties, Hilton Hotels Corporation, Trizec Properties, Center Parcs UK, La Quinta Inns & Suites, Motel 6, Wyndham Worldwide, Southern Cross Healthcare and Vicinity Centres.[19]
The purchase and subsequent profitable IPO of Southern Cross led to controversy in the UK. Part of the purchase involved splitting the business into a property company, NHP, and a care home business, which Blackstone claimed would become "the leading company in the elderly care market". In May 2011, Southern Cross, now independent, was almost bankrupt, jeopardising 31,000 elderly residents in 750 care homes. It denied blame, although Blackstone was widely accused in the media for selling on the company with an unsustainable business model and crippled with an impossible sale and leaseback strategy.[20][21]
After the subprime mortgage crisis, Blackstone Group LP has bought more than $5.5 billion single-family homes for rent, to be sold when the prices rise.[22]
Blackstone has agreed to sell a selection of Northern California office buildings for the sum of $3.5 billion, in the latest sale of real estate by the firm.[23]
Marketable alternative asset management[edit]
Main article: GSO Capital Partners
In 1990, Blackstone created a fund of hedge funds business to manage the internal assets for Blackstone and its senior managers. Over the years, this business evolved into Blackstone's marketable alternative asset management segment, which was opened to institutional investors. Among the investments included in this segment are funds of hedge funds, mezzanine funds, senior debt vehicles, proprietary hedge funds and closed-end mutual funds.[10]
In March 2008, Blackstone acquired GSO Capital Partners, a credit-oriented alternative asset manager, for $620 million in cash and stock and up to $310 million through an earnout over the next five years based on certain earnings targets. The combination of Blackstone and GSO created one of the largest credit platforms in the alternative asset management business, with over $21 billion of total assets under management.[24] GSO was founded in 2005 by Bennett Goodman, Tripp Smith and Doug Ostrover. The GSO team had previously managed the leveraged finance businesses at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette and later Credit Suisse First Boston, after the acquisition of DLJ. Blackstone had existing relationships with the GSO team as an original investor in GSO's funds. Following the completion of the acquisition, Blackstone merged GSO's operations with its existing debt investment operations.[25][26]
Financial advisory services[edit]
Blackstone's financial advisory business is composed of three businesses:[10]

Corporate and Mergers and Acquisitions Advisory
Restructuring & Reorganization Advisory
Private Placement Advisory

Blackstone was founded by Peterson and Schwarzman in 1985 as a boutique investment banking firm that provides mergers and acquisitions advisory services. Among Blackstone's most notable corporate and mergers and acquisitions, advisory clients include Microsoft, Procter & Gamble, Verizon, Comcast, Sony and AIG.[27][28]
In 1991, with the collapse of the 1980s buyout boom, Blackstone began to offer advisory services in corporate restructurings as well. Blackstone's most notable restructuring clients have included General Motors[29] Xerox, Enron,[30] Bally Total Fitness and Global Crossing.
Blackstone's fund placement advisory group, The Park Hill Group, was formed in 2005 with a team of professionals from Atlantic-Pacific Capital and Credit Suisse. The group focuses on raising capital from institutional investors for private investment vehicles that invest in private equity, mezzanine, real estate, venture capital, and hedge funds.[31] Park Hill Group also provides secondary advisory services to investors seeking portfolio liquidity and unfunded commitment relief.[32]
In 2006 John Studzinski joined The Blackstone Group as the senior managing director in its investment and advisory group and as a member of the firm's executive committee.[33][34] He was recruited to oversee and develop Blackstone’s mergers-and-acquisitions advisory business, Blackstone Advisory Partners, in the United States and Europe, and to open an office in London.[34][35] His primary role as global head of Blackstone Advisory Partners was to oversee Blackstone's corporate M&A advisory services business in the U.S., and further develop the corporate M&A advisory business in Europe and Asia.[36][37] In early 2015, Blackstone began spinning off three of its divisions, including its M&A advisory group, to avoid any potential conflicts of interest with its primary private-equity business.[38][39][40] After assisting with the transition,[41] Studzinski became Vice Chairman of Investor Relations and Business Development at The Blackstone Group.[42][43] In this capacity, he holds responsibility for a number of sovereign and international institutional relationships, as well as ultra high-net-worth families outside the U.S.[42]
History[edit]


History of private equity
and venture capital


Early history


(Origins of modern private equity)


The 1980s


(Leveraged buyout boom)


The 1990s


(Leveraged buyout and the venture capital bubble)


The 2000s


(Dot-com bubble to the credit crunch)





v
t
e





Founding and early history[edit]
The Blackstone Group was founded in 1985 by Peter G. Peterson & Stephen A. Schwarzman and Richard Bennett with $400,000 in seed capital.[44][45] The founders named their firm "Blackstone", which was a cryptogram derived from the names of the two founders (Schwarzman and Peterson): "Schwarz" is German for "black"; "Peter", or "Petra" in Greek, means "stone" or "rock".[46] The two founders had previously worked together at Lehman Brothers, Kuhn, Loeb Inc. At Lehman, Schwarzman served as head of Lehman Brothers' global mergers and acquisitions business.[47] Prominent investment banker Roger C. Altman, another Lehman veteran, left his position as a managing director of Shearson Lehman Brothers to join Peterson and Schwarzman at Blackstone in 1987, but left in 1992 to join the Clinton Administration as Deputy Treasury Secretary.
Blackstone was originally formed as a mergers and acquisitions advisory boutique. Blackstone advised on the 1987 merger of investment banks E. F. Hutton & Co. and Shearson Lehman Brothers, collecting a $3.5 million fee.[48][49]




Blackstone co-founder Peter Peterson was former chairman of Lehman Brothers, Kuhn, Loeb Inc.


From the outset in 1985, Schwarzman and Peterson planned to enter the private equity business, but had difficulty in raising their first fund because neither had ever led a leveraged buyout.[50] Blackstone finalized fundraising for its first private equity fund in the aftermath of the October 1987 stock market crash. After two years of providing strictly advisory services, Blackstone decided to pursue a merchant banking model after its founders determined that many situations required an investment partner rather than just an advisor. The largest investors in the first fund included Prudential Insurance Company, Nikko Securities and the General Motors pension fund.[51]
Blackstone also ventured into other businesses, most notably investment management. In 1987 Blackstone entered into a 50–50 partnership with the founders of BlackRock, Larry Fink and Ralph Schlosstein. The two founders, who had previously run the mortgage-backed securities divisions at First Boston and Lehman Brothers Kuhn Loeb, respectively, initially joined Blackstone to manage an investment fund and provide advice to financial institutions. They also planned to use a Blackstone fund to invest in financial institutions and help build an asset management business specializing in fixed income investments.[10][52]
As the business grew, Japanese bank Nikko Securities acquired a 20% interest in Blackstone for a $100 million investment in 1988 (valuing the firm at $500 million). Nikko's investment allowed for a major expansion of the firm and its investment activities.[53] The growth firm also recruited politician and investment banker David Stockman from Salomon Brothers in 1988. Stockman led many key deals in his time at the firm, but had a mixed record with his investments.[54] He left Blackstone in 1999 to start his own private equity firm, Heartland Industrial Partners, based in Greenwich, Connecticut.[55][56]
The firm advised CBS Corporation on its 1988 sale of CBS Records to Sony to form what would become Sony Music Entertainment.[57] In June 1989, Blackstone acquired freight railroad operator, CNW Corporation.[58] That same year, Blackstone partnered with Salomon Brothers to raise $600 million to acquire distressed thrifts in the midst of the savings and loan crisis.[59]
1990s[edit]




The Blackstone Group logo in use prior to the firm's rebranding as simply Blackstone


As the 1990s began, Blackstone continued its growth and expansion into new businesses. In 1990, Blackstone launched its fund of hedge funds business, initially intended to manage investments for Blackstone senior management. Also in 1990, Blackstone extended its ambitions to Europe, forming a partnership with J. O. Hambro Magan in the UK and Indosuez in France. In 1991, Blackstone created its Europe unit to enhance the firm's presence internationally.[60][61]
In 1991, Blackstone launched its real estate investment business with the acquisition of a series of hotel businesses under the leadership of Henry Silverman. In 1990, Blackstone and Silverman acquired a 65% interest in Prime Motor Inn's Ramada and Howard Johnson franchises for $140 million, creating Hospitality Franchise Systems as a holding company.[62] In October 1991, Blackstone and Silverman added Days Inns of America for $250 million.[63] Then, in 1993, Hospitality Franchise Systems acquired Super 8 Motels for $125 million.[64] Silverman would ultimately leave Blackstone to serve as CEO of HFS, which would later become Cendant Corporation.
Blackstone made a number of notable investments in the early and mid-1990s, including Great Lakes Dredge and Dock Company (1991), Six Flags (1991), US Radio (1994), Centerplate (1995), MEGA Brands (1996). Also, in 1996, Blackstone partnered with the Loewen Group, the second largest funeral home and cemetery operator in North America, to acquire funeral home and cemetery businesses. The partnership's first acquisition was a $295 million buyout of Prime Succession from GTCR.[65][66][67]
Through the mid and late 1990s, Blackstone continued to grow. In 1997, Blackstone completed fundraising for its third private equity fund, with approximately $4 billion of investor commitments[68] and a $1.1 billion real estate investment fund.[69] In the following year, in 1998, Blackstone sold a 7% interest in its management company to AIG, replacing Nikko Securities as its largest investor and valuing Blackstone at $2.1 billion.[70] Then, in 1999, Blackstone launched its mezzanine capital business. Blackstone brought in five professionals, led by Howard Gellis from Nomura Holding America's Leveraged Capital Group to manage the business.[71]
Blackstone's investments in the late 1990s included AMF Group (1996), Haynes International (1997), American Axle (1997), Premcor (1997), CommNet Cellular (1998), Graham Packaging (1998), Centennial Communications (1999), Bresnan Communications (1999), PAETEC Holding Corp. (1999). Haynes and Republic Technologies International, a specialty steel maker in which Blackstone invested in 1996, both had problems and ultimately filed bankruptcy.[72]
Also, in 1997, Blackstone made its first investment in Allied Waste. Two years later, in 1999, Blackstone, together with Apollo Management provided capital for Allied Waste's acquisition of Browning-Ferris Industries in 1999 to create the second largest waste management company in the US. Blackstone's investment in Allied was one of its largest to that point in the firm's history.[13]
Its investments in telecommunications businesses—four cable TV systems in rural areas (TW Fanch 1 and 2, Bresnan Communications and Intermedia Partners IV) and a cell phone operator in the Rocky Mountain states (CommNet Cellular) were among the most successful of the era, generating $1.5 billion of profits for Blackstone's funds.[73]
Blackstone Real Estate Advisers, its real estate affiliate, bought the Watergate Complex in Washington D.C. in July 1998 for $39 million[74] and sold it to Monument Reality in August 2004.[75]
Early 2000s[edit]
Blackstone acquired the mortgage for 7 World Trade Center in October 2000 from the Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association.[76]




Schwarzman's Blackstone Group completed the first major IPO of a private equity firm in June 2007.[77]


In July 2002, Blackstone completed fundraising for a $6.45 billion private equity fund, Blackstone Capital Partners IV, the largest private equity fund ever raised to that point. More than $4 billion of the capital was raised by the end of 2001 and Blackstone was able to secure the remaining commitments despite adverse market conditions.[78]
With a significant amount of capital in its new fund, Blackstone was one of a handful of private equity investors capable of completing large transactions in the adverse conditions of the early 2000s recession. At the end of 2002, Blackstone, together with Thomas H. Lee Partners and Bain Capital, acquired Houghton Mifflin Company for $1.28 billion. The transaction represented one of the first large club deals, completed since the collapse of the Dot-com bubble.[79]
In 2002, Hamilton E. James joined global alternative asset manager Blackstone, where he currently serves as president and chief operating officer. He also serves on the firm's executive and management committees, and its board of directors.[80] In late 2002, Blackstone remained active acquiring TRW Automotive in a $4.7 billion buyout, the largest private equity deal announced that year (the deal was completed in early 2003). TRW's parent was acquired by Northrop Grumman, while Blackstone purchased its automotive parts business, a major supplier of automotive systems.[81][82] Blackstone also purchased a majority interest in Columbia House, a music buying club, in mid-2002.[83]
Blackstone made a significant investment in Financial Guaranty Insurance Company (FGIC), a monoline bond insurer alongside PMI Group, The Cypress Group and CIVC Partners. FGIC incurred heavy losses, along with other bond insurers in the 2008 credit crisis.[84]
Two years later, in 2005, Blackstone was one of seven private equity firms involved in the buyout of SunGard in a transaction valued at $11.3 billion. Blackstone's partners in the acquisition were Silver Lake Partners, Bain Capital, Goldman Sachs Capital Partners, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, Providence Equity Partners, and TPG Capital. This represented the largest leveraged buyout completed since the takeover of RJR Nabisco at the end of the 1980s leveraged buyout boom. Also, at the time of its announcement, SunGard would be the largest buyout of a technology company in history, a distinction it would cede to the buyout of Freescale Semiconductor. The SunGard transaction is also notable in the number of firms involved in the transaction, the largest club deal completed to that point.[85] The involvement of seven firms in the consortium was criticized by investors in private equity who considered cross-holdings among firms to be generally unattractive.[86][87]
In 2006, Blackstone launched its new long / short equity hedge fund business, Kailix Advisors. According to Blackstone, as of September 30, 2008, Kailix Advisors had $1.9 billion of assets under management. In December 2008, Blackstone announced that Kailix would be spun off to its management team to form a new fund as an independent entity backed by Blackstone.[26]
While Blackstone was active on the corporate investment side, it was also busy pursuing real estate investments. Blackstone acquired Prime Hospitality[88] and Extended Stay America in 2004. Blackstone followed these investments with the acquisition of La Quinta Inns & Suites in 2005. Blackstone's largest transaction, the buyout of Hilton Hotels Corporation occurred in 2007. Extended Stay Hotels was sold to The Lightstone Group in July 2007 and Prime Hospitality's Wellesley Inns were folded into La Quinta.[89] La Quinta Inns & Suites went public in 2014 and is now controlled by La Quinta Holdings as the parent organization.[90]
Buyout boom (2005–2007)[edit]
During the buyout boom of 2006 and 2007, Blackstone completed some of the largest leveraged buyouts. Blackstone's most notable transactions during this period included the following:


Investment
Year
Company Description
Ref.


TDC
2005
In December 2005, Blackstone together with a group of firms, including Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, Permira, Apax Partners and Providence Equity Partners, acquired Tele-Denmark Communications. The firms acquired the former telecom monopoly in Denmark, under the banner Nordic Telephone Company (NTC) for approximately $11 billion.
[91]


Equity Office
2006
Blackstone completes the $37.7 billion acquisition of one of the largest owners of commercial office properties in the US. At the time of its announcement, the Equity Office buyout became the largest in history, surpassing the buyout of HCA. It would later be surpassed by KKR's buyout of TXU. Vornado Realty Trust bid against Blackstone, pushing up the final price.
[92][93]


Freescale Semiconductor
2006
A consortium led by Blackstone and including the Carlyle Group, Permira and the TPG Capital completed the $17.6 billion takeover of the semiconductor company. At the time of its announcement, Freescale would be the largest leveraged buyout of a technology company ever, surpassing the 2005 buyout of SunGard. The buyers were forced to pay an extra $800 million because KKR made a last minute bid as the original deal was about to be signed. Shortly after the deal closed in late 2006, cell phone sales at Motorola Corp., Freescale's former corporate parent and a major customer, began dropping sharply. In addition, in the recession of 2008–2009, Freescale's chip sales to automakers fell off, and the company came under great financial strain.
[94][95]


Michaels
2006
Blackstone, together with Bain Capital, acquired Michaels, the largest arts and crafts retailer in North America in a $6.0 billion leveraged buyout in October 2006. Bain and Blackstone narrowly beat out Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and TPG Capital in an auction for the company.
[96]


Nielsen Holdings
2006
Blackstone together with AlpInvest Partners, Carlyle Group, Hellman & Friedman, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and Thomas H. Lee Partners acquired the global information and media company formerly known as VNU.
[97][98][99]


Orangina[100]
2006
Blackstone, together with Lion Capital acquired Orangina, the bottler, distributor and franchisor of a number of carbonated and other soft drinks in Europe from Cadbury Schweppes for €1.85 billion
[101]


Travelport
2006
Travelport, the parent of the travel web site Orbitz.com, was acquired from Cendant by Blackstone and Technology Crossover Ventures in a deal valued at $4.3 billion. The sale of Travelport followed the spin-offs of Cendant's real estate and hospitality businesses, Realogy Corporation and Wyndham Worldwide Corporation, respectively, in July 2006. (Later in the year, TPG and Silver Lake would acquire Travelport's chief competitor Sabre Holdings.) Soon after the Travelport buyout, Travelport spun off part of its subsidiary Orbitz Worldwide in an IPO and bought a Travelport competitor, Worldspan.
[102][103][104]


United Biscuits
2006
In October 2006 Blackstone, together with PAI Partners announced the acquisition of the British biscuit producer. The deal was completed in December 2006.
[105][106]


RGIS Inventory Specialists
2007
In March 2007, RGIS announced that Blackstone Group purchased a controlling interest in the company, the terms of the transaction were not disclosed.
[107]


Biomet
2007
Blackstone, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, TPG Capital and Goldman Sachs Capital Partners acquired the medical devices company for $11.6 billion.
[108]


Hilton Worldwide
2007
Blackstone acquired the premium hotel operator for approximately $26 billion, representing a 25% premium to Hilton's all-time high stock price. The Hilton deal, announced on July 3, 2007 is often referred to as the deal that marked the "high water mark" and the beginning of the end of the multi-year boom in leveraged buyouts. The company restructured its debt in 2010.
[109][110][111]


Initial public offering in 2007[edit]
In 2004, Blackstone had explored the possibility of creating a business development company (BDC), Blackridge Investments, similar to vehicles pursued by Apollo Management.[112] However, Blackstone failed to raise capital through an initial public offering that summer, and the project was shelved.[113] It also planned to raise a fund on the Amsterdam stock exchange in 2006, but its rival, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co., launched a $5 billion fund there that soaked up all demand for such funds, and Blackstone abandoned its project.[114]
By the summer of 2006, Blackstone had a more ambitious goal and secretly began laying the groundwork for an IPO of the firm itself, and managed to keep the project quiet for eight or nine months.[7][115] On March 22, 2007, Blackstone filed with the SEC[10] to raise $4 billion in an initial public offering. On June 3, 2007, Blackstone announced the acquisition of Alliant Insurance Services, Inc., one of the nation's largest insurance brokerage firms.[116] On June 21, Blackstone sold a 12.3% stake in its ownership for $4.13 billion in the largest U.S. IPO since 2002. Traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol BX, Blackstone priced at $31 per share on June 22, 2007.[8][117] In July 2007, less than two weeks after the Blackstone IPO, its rival private equity firm, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, filed with the SEC.[118] In October 2009, KKR listed its shares on the Euronext exchange and anticipates a listing on the New York Stock Exchange.[119]
2008 to 2010[edit]
Since the closure of the credit markets in 2007 and 2008, Blackstone has managed to close only a small number of sizable transactions. In January 2008, Blackstone made a small co-investment alongside TPG Capital and Apollo Management in their buyout of Harrah's Entertainment, although that transaction had been announced during the buyout boom period. Other notable investments that Blackstone completed in 2008 and 2009 included AlliedBarton, Performance Food Group,[120][121] Apria Healthcare and CMS Computers.
Among the firm's two largest investments since the buyout boom have been The Weather Channel and the announced acquisition of Busch Entertainment. In July 2008, Blackstone, together with NBC Universal and Bain Capital agreed to purchase The Weather Channel from Landmark Communications.[122][123] In October 2009, Anheuser-Busch InBev announced the sale of its Busch Entertainment Corporation theme parks division to Blackstone for $2.7 billion.[124][125] The Financial Times reported that Merlin Entertainments owned by Blackstone Group will file an IPO[126] in the 2nd quarter of 2010. Merlin will be listed on the London Stock Exchange. If true this would be the second of 8 reported IPOs Blackstone plans,[127] the first being Team Health Holdings, Inc.[128] Blackstone reported at the end of 2009 revenues of $1.8bln, compared to -$349mln revenues in 2008.[129] On August 13, 2010 Blackstone announced it would buy Dynegy, an energy firm, for nearly $5 billion.[130]
In 2010, Blackstone Alternative Asset Management, received Institutional Investor magazine's 8th Annual Hedge Fund Industry award for Large Fund of Hedge Funds of the Year.[131]
Investments since 2011[edit]

In February 2011 Blackstone Group LP acquired 588 malls of Centro's U.S. shopping centers for $9.4 billion. Centro's Australian continues their operation independently.[132]
In August 2011 Blackstone Group LP bought Medical-Biller Emdeon Inc. for around $3 billion. Since Blackstone Group LP was the world's biggest private-equity firm, tender offer of Emdeon Inc. public company should be done with a cash payment of $19 a share, a 44 percent premium.[133]
In late 2011 Blackstone Group LP acquired the German outdoor company Jack Wolfskin. Blackstone moved some of its accounting functions to India.
In 2012, Blackstone was part of a consortium that financed Knight Capital after a software glitch threatened Knight's ability to continue operations.
In October 2012, the Blackstone Group acquired G6 Hospitality better known as Motel 6 & Studio 6 motels for 1.9 billion.
In November 2012, the Blackstone Group acquired a controlling interest in Vivint, Vivint Solar, and 2GIG Technologies.[134]
In April 2013, the company confirmed that it backed out of the proposed Dell buyout.[135]
In September 2013, Blackstone announced a strategic investment in ThoughtFocus Technologies LLC, a leading IT Service provider. The investment will establish the 'Blackstone Center of Excellence', an IT outsourcing and offshore delivery center, to provide technology and other administrative service.[136]
In August 2013 Blackstone bought Strategic Partners, manager of secondaryfunds, from CreditSuisse, with which Blackstone is raising its 6th fund, targeting $4 billion.[137]
In February 2014, Blackstone purchased a 20 percent stake in the Italian luxury brand Versace for €150 million.[138][139]
In April 2014 Blackstone's charitable arm, the Blackstone Charitable Foundation, donated $4 million to create the Blackstone Entrepreneurs Network in Colorado. The program encourages increased collaboration among local business leaders with the goal of retaining high-growth companies in the state.[140]
In May 2014, Blackstone Group purchased the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas resort from Deutsche Bank for $1.73 billion.[141]
In August 2014, Blackstone Group was in advanced talks to acquire Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSA)'s 50 percent stake in a shale-gas field in Louisiana. Blackstone would pay about $1.2 billion for Shell’s half-interest in the Haynesville formation.[142]
In January 2015, Blackstone announced it would sell a Sydney-based office building to Dalian Wanda Group for around $327 million.[143]
In April 2015, Blackstone announced it would acquire Excel Trust Inc, a real estate investment trust, for around $2 billion.[144]
In October 2015, Blackstone agreed to purchase BioMed Realty Trust Inc for a sum of around $8 billion.[145]
In November 2015, Blackstone Group agreed to sell facility management firm GCA Services Group Inc to a consortium of Goldman Sachs’ private equity arm and Thomas H. Lee Partners.[146]
As of Q4 2015, the firm is in talks to sell of some of its trophy office assets in the Los Angeles market. Douglas Emmett Inc. is in advanced talks to purchase four buildings for more than $1 billion. The buildings total 1.7 million square feet and are located in the Westwood area.[147]
On February 10, 2017, Aon PLC agreed to sell its human resources outsourcing platform for $4.3 billion to Blackstone Group L.P., creating a new company.[148]
On June 19, 2017, Blackstone acquired the majority interest in The Office Group, valuing the whole company at $640 million.[149]

Self-dealing[edit]
In 2013, Bloomberg uncovered how the Blackstone Group was self-dealing after its affiliate GSO Capital Partners purchased debt and credit default swaps in Codere SA, a Spanish betting, online gambling and gaming company.[150]

In the first half of 2013, Blackstone GSO and another firm later purchased a €100 million bank loan (via secondary markets) that Codere already had on the books, and then convinced Codere to delay repayment on the debt related to the aforementioned credit default swaps. That delay triggered the CDS, resulting in upwards of $18.7 million in profit for GSO.[151]

The GSO director defended the move with "Codere (working with us...) had to trigger the credit default swaps, as it was the only way to compel certain bondholders to negotiate." and blamed credit default swap investors for their loss:

Unlike Blackstone, who invested directly into Codere, these financial investors [of hedge funds using credit default swaps] were not aligned with the interests of Codere, but instead through their use of credit default swaps, were betting on when the Company would default[...]having no interest in the outcome of the game.[151]

See also[edit]


Companies portal



List of outdoor industry parent companies
List of venture capital firms

References[edit]


^ Stephen Schwarzman speaks with Betty Liu and Erik Schatzke on "In the Loop" (April 16, 2015). Schwarzman Says Fundraising Environment Is 'Remarkable' (Television production). Bloomberg. Event occurs at 00:22 minutes in. Retrieved March 16, 2016. You've got assets now at three hundred billion dollars. 
^ "Blackstone Reports Third Quarter Results" (PDF). The Blackstone Group. January 31, 2013. Archived from the original (PDF) on October 30, 2014. 
^ a b Wiliam Alden (April 18, 2013). "Public Offering Values SeaWorld at $2.5 Billion". The New York Times. Retrieved April 19, 2013. 
^ "The Blackstone Group". The New York Times. Retrieved 12 January 2016. 
^ Kim, Soyoung (September 19, 2012). "Blackstone buys security firm Vivint for over $2 billion". Reuters. Retrieved 2013-03-23. 
^ a b Blackstone Group: Private Equity Archived February 4, 2009, at the Wayback Machine. (company website). See also: Blackstone Private Equity Investment by Transaction Size Archived January 17, 2009, at the Wayback Machine. (company website), Team (company website). Accessed 2009-02-20
^ a b c Blackstone Said to Prepare for I.P.O. New York Times, March 16, 2007
^ a b Anderson, Jenny. "Blackstone Founders Prepare to Count Their Billions." New York Times, June 12, 2007.
^ "Blackstone - Our Offices overview". Blackstone. 
^ a b c d e f g h i The Blackstone Group L.P., Form S-1, Securities And Exchange Commission, March 22, 2007
^ New bosses, new rules. Los Angeles Times, August 12, 2007
^ a b Data collected from Preqin, a private equity database system
^ a b A trash hauler is buying a much bigger rival, a type of deal that makes Wall Street a bit nervous. New York Times, March 9, 1999
^ Equity Firm Attracted to Attractions. New York Times, March 6, 2007
^ Blackstone Private Equity Investment by Transaction Size (company website). Accessed 2009-02-20 Archived January 17, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Kim, Soyoung; Roumeliotis, Greg (9 September 2012). "Blackstone buys security firm Vivint for over $2 billion". Reuters. Retrieved 4 January 2013. 
^ Blackstone Real Estate Overview. (company website). Accessed 2009-02-20 Archived January 6, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b "Blackstone amasses more capital for latest Europe RE pool". AltAssets. 20 December 2016. Retrieved 2016-12-20. 
^ Blackstone Real Estate Investment Portfolio ( at company website). Accessed 2009-02-20 Archived January 17, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Alex Hawkes "Blackstone denies blame for Southern Cross's plight" The Guardian, Thursday 2 June 2011
^ Nils Pratley "Was Southern Cross always sickly underneath?" The Guardian, Thursday 2 June 2011
^ Karmin, Craig (August 12, 2013). "Blackstone to Buy Stakes in Apartment Complexes From GE Unit". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Alden, William (December 8, 2014). "Blackstone to Sell California Office Buildings for $3.5 Billion". New York Times. Retrieved 2014-12-19. 
^ Blackstone to Buy GSO Capital. New York Times, January 10, 2008
^ Blackstone to Buy Hedge Fund to Strengthen Credit Operations. New York Times, January 11, 2008
^ a b Blackstone To Rationalize Single Manager Hedge Funds Businesses In Efficiency Move. Press Release, December 23, 2008
^ Schwarzman Unbowed. Bloomberg Markets, March 2009
^ Blackstone Financial Advisory: Selected Clients (company website). Accessed 2009-02-20 Archived February 16, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Moore, Heidi N. (December 12, 2008). "GM Hires Blackstone". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2008-12-12. 
^ "Blackstoin Restructuring & Reorganization: Selected Transactions". (Company website) Accessed 10/20/2012
^ Blackstone: Private Placement Advisory Overview (The Park Hill Group). Company website, Accessed 2009-02-20 Archived December 18, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Park Hill Group: About Us. Company website, Accessed 2011-1-26
^ Moyer, Liz. "Hitting A Brick Wall". Forbes. May 18, 2006.
^ a b "John Studzinski Joins Blackstone". The Blackstone Group. May 18, 2006.
^ Wachman, Richard. "Cracking the Studzinski code". The Observer. October 7, 2006.
^ John Studzinski CBE. FT Business of Luxury Summit, 30 May – 1 June 2012. Financial Times. 2012.
^ About John Studzinski. John Studzinski's blog.
^ "Blackstone to list advisory arm early 2015". Financial Times. October 2014.
^ Dezember, Ryan. "Blackstone Group to Spin Off Financial Advisory Business". Wall Street Journal. October 10, 2014.
^ Blackstone – History: 2014. Blackstone. Blackstone.com. Retrieved March 30, 2015.
^ Roumeliotis, Greg and Paritosh Bansal. "UPDATE 4-Blackstone gives up its roots in advisory unit spin-off". Reuters. October 10, 2014.
^ a b John Studzinski – Official profile, Blackstone.
^ "E.U. Estrangement Before The Divorce (a.k.a Volatility)". Fund Portfolio Management. January 23, 2015.
^ David Carey and John E. Morris, King of Capital: The Remarkable Rise, Fall and Rise Again of Steve Schwarzman and Blackstone (Crown 2010), pp. 45–56
^ Private equity power list: #1 The Blackstone Group. Fortune, July 2, 2007
^ Blackstone etymology. The Deal, June 26, 2007
^ Alden, William. "Blackstone's Chief Has a Warning for Wall Street's Entrepreneurs". DealBook. Retrieved 2017-01-27. 
^ Hutton-Shearson Deal Announced". New York Times, December 4, 1987.
^ "Hutton Sets Fees". New York Times, December 9, 1987
^ King of Capital, pp. 45-56
^ A Big Fund Ready to Capitalize on Hard Times. New York Times, November 13, 1987
^ "Mortgage Unit Leaders To Join Blackstone". New York Times, March 4, 1988
^ "Nikko Acquires 20% of Blackstone Group". New York Times, December 13, 1988
^ King of Capital, pp. 144–147
^ "Stockman Forming Own Buyout Concern". New York Times, September 17, 1999
^ "Stockman Is Charged With Fraud". New York Times, March 27, 2007
^ "Sony and CBS Records: What a Romance!". New York Times, September 18, 1988
^ "CNW Accepts Buyout Bid From Blackstone Group". New York Times, June 7, 1989
^ "2 Wall Street Firms Join To Buy Savings Units". New York Times, May 12, 1989
^ U.S. Mergers Firm Is Forming British Link. New York Times, April 23, 1990
^ Chairman Is Named For Blackstone Unit. New York Times, April 5, 1991
^ Prime to Sell Interest in Inns to Blackstone. New York Times, May 24, 1990
^ Blackstone Unit to Buy Days Inns. New York Times, October 1, 1991
^ Hospitality to Acquire Super 8 Motels. New York Times, February 17, 1993
^ The Loewen Group and Blackstone Capital Partners form corporate venture to acquire Prime Succession. Business Wire, June 17, 1996. Accessed 2009-02-20.
^ Loewen And Blackstone To Make Joint Purchase. New York Times, June 18, 1996
^ Loewen Buys Big Cemetery, And Its Suitor Criticizes Deal. New York Times, September 21, 1996
^ Blackstone Raises $4 Billion for Fund. New York Times, October 10, 1997
^ Red-Hot Revival in Real Estate; Overheating Is Feared With Surge in Vulture Investing. New York Times, November 6, 1997
^ A.I.G. Will Put $1.35 Billion Into Blackstone. New York Times, July 31, 1998
^ Blackstone to Form a New Financing Unit. New York Times, April 8, 1999
^ King of Capital, pp. 145-146
^ King of Capital, pp. 148–155
^ Cube, Christine (Nov 25, 2002). "Watergate Hotel For Sale". Washington Business Journal. 
^ Staff Report (Aug 19, 2004). "Monument Realty Buys Watergate Hotel". Commercial Real Estate Direct. 
^ "Blackstone Acquires Debt on 7 World Trade Center". Business Wire. October 17, 2000. 
^ Photographed at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland in January 2008.
^ Blackstone Amasses a Record Equity Fund. New York Times, July 17, 2002
^ Vivendi Finishes Sale of Houghton Mifflin To Investors. New York Times, January 1, 2003
^ Sender, Henny. "At Blackstone, James Builds A Following". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 23 March 2007. 
^ King of Capital, pp. 176, 197, 206-207
^ Blackstone Group May Purchase Auto Parts Business From TRW. New York Times, November 13, 2002
^ Blackstone Buys Majority Stake in Columbia House. New York Times, May 15, 2002
^ A Split-Up of Insurers of Bonds Is Considered. New York Times, February 16, 2008
^ King of Capital, p. 225
^ "Capital Firms Agree to Buy SunGard Data in Cash Deal." Bloomberg L.P., March 29, 2005
^ Do Too Many Cooks Spoil the Takeover Deal?. New York Times, April 3, 2005
^ The Blackstone Group to Acquire Prime Hospitality Corp. Press Release, August 18, 2004. Accessed 2009-02-20 Archived March 8, 2005, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Private-Equity Firm Sees Room for Value in Hotels. Wall Street Journal, August 17, 2005
^ http://ir.lq.com/Cache/1500058950.PDF?Y=&O=PDF&D=&FID=1500058950&T=&IID=4424891
^ Equity Firms Buy Danish Phone Company. New York Times, December 1, 2005
^ King of Capital, pp. 239–254
^ Blackstone's Bid for Equity Office Prevails New York Times, February 8, 2007
^ King of Capital, 231-235
^ Sorkin, Andrew Ross and Flynn, Laurie J. "Blackstone Alliance to Buy Chip Maker for $17.6 Billion." New York Times, September 16, 2006
^ Consortium Buys Michaels for $6 Billion. New York Times, July 1, 2006
^ VNU Shareholders Reject $8.9 Bln Offer From KKR Group. Bloomberg, March 8, 2006
^ Buyout Bid For Parent Of Nielsen. New York Times, January 17, 2006
^ VNU Agrees To Public Offer From Private Equity Group. Press Release, March 8, 2006
^ "Company News Headlines". NASDAQ.com. June 2, 2011. Retrieved 2013-01-29. 
^ Cadbury Sells Beverage Unit to Two Firms. New York Times, November 22, 2005
^ King of Capital, pp. 314-318
^ Sachdev, Ameet. " Orbitz travels to 4th owner: Blackstone Group to buy from Cendant.", Chicago Tribune, July 1, 2006. Accessed September 15, 2007.
^ Fineman, Josh. "Cendant to sell Orbitz to Blackstone for $4.3 Bln", Bloomberg.com, June 30, 2006. Accessed September 15, 2007.
^ Parkinson, Gary (October 26, 2006). "Private-equity companies snap up United Biscuits in a £1.6bn deal". The Independent. Retrieved 2007-04-12. 
^ "Blackstone and PAI complete purchase of UB" (Press release). United Biscuits. December 15, 2006. Archived from the original on September 27, 2007. Retrieved 2007-04-12. 
^ [1]. RGIS Press Release, March, 21st 2007
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Biomet Accepts Sweetened Takeover Offer." New York Times, June 8, 2007.
^ Blackstone to Buy Hilton Hotels for $26 Billion. New York Times, July 4, 2007
^ High-Water Mark. New York Times, July 4, 2008
^ King of Capital, pp. 299–300
^ Private Firms Use Closed-End Funds to Tap the Market. New York Times, April 17, 2004
^ Blackstone Group Postpones Fund Offering. New York Times, July 16, 2004
^ King of Capital, pp. 221–223
^ King of Capital, pp. 255–267
^ Alliant Insurance Services, Inc. to be acquired by Blackstone and Management, June 3, 2007 Archived March 4, 2016, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Sorkin, Andrew Ross and de la Merced, Michael J. "News Analysis Behind the Veil at Blackstone? Probably Another Veil." New York Times, March 19, 2007.
^ KKR & Co. L.P., Form S-1, Securities And Exchange Commission, July 3, 2007
^ KKR lists on Euronext; NYSE is next. Reuters, October 1, 2009[dead link]
^ Equity Firms Acquiring Food Supplier. Bloomberg, January 19, 2008
^ Blackstone, Wellspring to acquire Performance Food Group in $1.3bn deal. AltAssets, January 18, 2008 Archived June 11, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Michael J. de la Merced (July 7, 2008). "Weather Channel Is Sold to NBC and Equity Firms". New York Times. Retrieved 2008-09-17. 
^ Robert Marich. "The Weather Channel Sale Wraps". Broadcasting & Cable. Archived from the original on September 15, 2008. Retrieved 2008-09-26. 
^ Blackstone to buy A-B InBev's theme parks for $2.7 billion. MarketWatch, Oct. 7, 2009
^ InBev may sell US theme parks. Boston Globe, July 16, 2008[dead link]
^ "Blackstone's Merlin Entertainment to Go Public in '10, FT Says". Bloomberg. October 23, 2009. 
^ "Blackstone plans portfolio IPOs: source". Reuters. October 12, 2009. 
^ Wahba, Phil (October 6, 2009). "Blackstone-owned hospital staffing company files IPO". Reuters. 
^ Opalesque (26 February 2010). "Blackstone revenues in 2009 show strong bounce back from 2008". 
^ "Finance after the crisis: Survival of the richest". The Economist. The Economist Newspaper Limited. 396 (8696): 59. 21–27 August 2010. 
^ [2] Hedge Fund Industry Awards, The 8th Annual Hedge Fund Awards, Retrieved June 2011
^ Whitley, Angus; Saminather, Nichola (February 28, 2011). "Blackstone Said to Acquire Centro's U.S. Shopping Centers for $9.4 Billion". Bloomberg. 
^ Nussbaum, Alex; Kelly, Jason (August 4, 2011). "Blackstone Group Agrees to Acquire Medical-Biller Emdeon for $3 Billion". Bloomberg. 
^ De, Michael J. "The Blackstone Group News". New York Times. Retrieved 2013-01-29. 
^ Jolie O'Dell, VentureBeat. "Blackstone just backed out of its proposed Dell buyout." April 19, 2013. Retrieved on April 19, 2013.
^ Blackstone Announces Strategic Investment in ThoughtFocus Technologie. Wall Street Journal (2013-09-30). Retrieved on 2013-12-06.
^ Ryan, Dezember (April 24, 2014). "Bargain Bin Is Now Big Deal". WSJ. Retrieved 29 April 2014. 
^ Versace deal with Blackstone values group at 1 billion euros, Reuters, February 26, 2014
^ Zargani, Luisa (27 February 2014). "Versace Sells Minority Stake to Blackstone". Women's Wear Daily. Retrieved 27 February 2014. 
^ Vuong, Andy (April 20, 2014). "Blackstone grants $4 million to create Colorado entrepreneurs network". The Denver Post. Retrieved 22 April 2014. 
^ Arno Schuetze & Edward Taylor (May 15, 2014). "Deutsche Bank sells casino to Blackstone for $1.7 billion". Reuters. 
^ By David Carey, Bloomberg. "[3]." August 10, 2014. August 13, 2014.
^ Blackstone to sell prime Sydney property to Dalian Wanda for $327 million. Reuters, 26 January 2015
^ "Blackstone to buy Excel Trust for about $2 billion" (Press release). Reuters. 10 April 2015. 
^ "Blackstone to buy BioMed Realty in $8 billion deal". Reuters. 8 October 2015. 
^ "Blackstone to sell GCA Services to Thomas Lee, Goldman Sachs". Reuters. 16 November 2015. 
^ Brown, Eliot (24 November 2015). "Blackstone in Talks to Sell Four Los Angeles Office Towers". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2015-12-05. 
^ Jamerson, Joshua (February 10, 2017), Blackstone to Buy Aon’s Human Resources Outsourcing Platform for $4.3 Billion, New York City: The Wall Street Journal, retrieved February 12, 2017 
^ http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-officegroup-m-a-blackstone-idUKKBN19A1J4
^ Stephanie Ruhle; Mary Childs; Julie Miecamp (22 October 2013). "Blackstone Unit Wins in No-Lose Codere Trade: Corporate Finance". Bloomberg News. 
^ a b Dan Primack (5 December 2013). "Blackstone responds to Jon Stewart". finance.fortune.cnn.com. 




David Carey, John E. Morris (2010). King of Capital: The Remarkable Rise, Fall, and Rise Again of Steve Schwarzman and Blackstone.
The Making of a Wise Man. New York Times, November 28, 2004


External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


The Blackstone Group



Founders



Peter George Peterson
Stephen A. Schwarzman





Business Services



CMS Computers
RGIS
SunGard (minority shareholder)





Consumer/Retail



Michaels (Joint Control)
Performance Food Group
Pinnacle Foods
United Biscuits





Financial Services



BankUnited (minority stake)
HealthMarkets (minority stake)
FGIC (minority stake)





Healthcare



Biomet
Emcure Pharmaceuticals (investment)
Vanguard Health Systems





Industrial



Freescale (Joint Control)
Klöckner Pentaplast
TRW Automotive (Control)





Media/Telecommunications



eAccess (investment)
Nielsen Holdings (minority stake)
Axtel (minority stake)
Deutsche Telekom (minority stake)
TDC (minority stake)
The Weather Channel (minority stake)





Travel & Leisure



Hilton Worldwide
Center Parcs Europe (freehold)
Caesars Entertainment Corporation (minority stake)
Merlin Entertainments (minority stake)
SeaWorld Entertainment
Tragus Group
Travelport





Real estate



Extended Stay America (minority stake)
Equity Office
Luxury Resorts (LXR)
La Quinta Inns & Suites












v
t
e


Private equity and venture capital



Basic investment types



Buyout
Venture
Mezzanine
Growth
Secondaries
Equity co-investment








History



History of private equity and venture capital
Early history of private equity
Private equity in the 1980s
Private equity in the 1990s
Private equity in the 2000s





Terms and concepts





Buyout




Financial sponsor
Management buyout
Divisional buyout
Buy–sell agreement
Leveraged recapitalization
Dividend recapitalization






Venture




Angel investor
Business incubator
Post-money valuation
Pre-money valuation
Seed money
Startup company
Venture capital financing
Venture debt
Venture round






Structure




Private equity firms and funds
Limited partnership
Limited liability company
Carried interest
Management fee
Publicly traded private equity

Business Development Company
Venture capital trust


Private investment in public equity (PIPE)
Pledge fund








Investors



Corporations
Institutional investors
Pension funds
Insurance companies
Fund of funds
Endowments
Foundations
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Commercial banks
High-net-worth individuals
Family offices
Sovereign wealth funds
Crowdfunding





Related financial terms



AUM
Cap table
Capital call
Capital commitment
Capital structure
Distribution waterfall
EBITDA
Envy ratio
High-yield debt
IPO
IRR
Leverage
Liquidation preference
M&A
PME
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Undercapitalization
Vintage year








Private equity and venture capital investors
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Angel investors
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Largest private equity investment firms






3i Group
AAC Capital Partners
Advent International
AlpInvest Partners
American Capital
Apax Partners
Apollo Global Management
Ares Management
Bain Capital
BC Partners
Berkshire Partners
The Blackstone Group
Bridgepoint Capital
The Carlyle Group
CCMP Capital
Cerberus Capital Management
Charterhouse Capital Partners
Cinven
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice
CVC Capital Partners
Doughty Hanson & Co
EnCap Investments
EQT Partners
First Reserve Corporation
Fortress Investment Group
General Atlantic
Goldman Sachs Capital Partners
GTCR
Hellman & Friedman
H.I.G. Capital
JRK Property Holdings
KKR
Trilantic Capital Partners
Leonard Green & Partners
Madison Dearborn Partners
Nordic Capital
Oak Investment Partners
Oaktree Capital Management
Onex
Teachers' Private Capital
Pacific Equity Partners
PAI Partners
Permira
Providence Equity Partners
Sentinel Capital Partners
Silver Lake Partners
Summit Partners
Sun Capital Partners
TA Associates
Terra Firma Capital Partners
Thomas H. Lee Partners
TPG Capital
Warburg Pincus
Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe











Private equity
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List












v
t
e


The Weather Channel



Network information
and ownership



History
Landmark Communications (former)
NBCUniversal
Bain Capital
The Blackstone Group
List of meteorologists
International presence
Local on the 8s





Programs (list)





Live programs




AMHQ
PM Edition
Weather Center Live
Weather Geeks
Weather Underground
Weekend Recharge






Recorded programs




23.5° with Sam Champion
3 Scientists Walk Into a Bar
100 Biggest Weather Moments (2007 miniseries)
American Super/Natural
Fat Guys in the Woods
Highway Thru Hell
Natural Born Monsters
Prospectors
Raging Nature
Secrets of the Earth
So You Think You'd Survive?
Strangest Weather on Earth
Storm Stories
Tornado Alley
Weather Caught on Camera
Weather Gone Viral
Why Planes Crash








Weather Stars



III
4000
XL
IntelliStar





Related operations



Local Now
Weatherscan





Albums



The Best of Smooth Jazz
Smooth Jazz II










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=The_Blackstone_Group&oldid=788560248"					
Categories: Blackstone GroupCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies established in 1985Investment banks in the United StatesPrivate equity firms of the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2016Good articlesPages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2011All articles containing potentially dated statements 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


БългарскиCatalàDeutschEestiفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoLietuviųNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSuomiSvenskaTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 03:13.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









The Blackstone Group - Wikipedia






















 







The Blackstone Group

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Blackstone Group)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with BlackRock Inc, an investment management firm.

The Blackstone Group L.P.





Type

Master limited partnership


Traded as
NYSE: BX


Industry
Financial services


Founded
1985; 32 years ago (1985)


Founder
Peter George Peterson
Stephen A. Schwarzman


Headquarters
345 Park Avenue, Manhattan, New York City, New York, United States



Key people

Stephen A. Schwarzman
(Chairman and CEO)
Hamilton E. James
(President & COO)
J. Tomilson Hill
(Vice Chairman)
Jonathan D. Gray
(Global Head of Real estate)


Products
Private equity
Investment management
Asset management


Revenue
 US$ 7.484 billion (2014)



Net income

 US$ 1.584 billion (2014)


AUM
 US$ 311 billion (2015)[1][2]


Total assets
 US$ 31.510 billion (2014)



Number of employees

2,190 (2014)


Website
www.blackstone.com


The Blackstone Group L.P. is an American multinational private equity, alternative asset management and financial services firm based in New York City. As the largest alternative investment firm in the world,[3] Blackstone specializes in private equity, credit and hedge fund investment strategies.[4]
Blackstone's private equity business has been one of the largest investors in leveraged buyout transactions over the last decade, while its real estate business has actively acquired commercial real estate. Since its inception, Blackstone has completed investments in such notable companies as Hilton Worldwide, Merlin Entertainments Group, Performance Food Group, Equity Office Properties, Republic Services, AlliedBarton, United Biscuits, Freescale Semiconductor, Vivint,[5] and Travelport.[6]
Blackstone was founded in 1985 as a mergers and acquisitions boutique by Peter G. Peterson and Stephen A. Schwarzman, who had previously worked together at Lehman Brothers, Kuhn, Loeb Inc. Over the course of two decades, Blackstone has evolved into one of the world's largest private equity investment firms.[3] In 2007, Blackstone completed a $4 billion initial public offering to become one of the first major private equity firms to list shares in its management company on a public exchange.[7][8] Blackstone is headquartered at 345 Park Avenue in Manhattan, New York City, with eight additional offices in the United States, as well as offices in London, Paris, Düsseldorf, Sydney, Tokyo, Hong Kong, Singapore, Beijing, Shanghai, Madrid, Mumbai, and Dubai.[9]



Contents


1 Business segments

1.1 Corporate private equity
1.2 Real estate
1.3 Marketable alternative asset management
1.4 Financial advisory services


2 History

2.1 Founding and early history
2.2 1990s
2.3 Early 2000s
2.4 Buyout boom (2005–2007)
2.5 Initial public offering in 2007
2.6 2008 to 2010
2.7 Investments since 2011


3 Self-dealing
4 See also
5 References
6 External links



Business segments[edit]
Blackstone is organized into four business segments:[10]

Corporate private equity – Management of Blackstone's family of private equity funds investing in leveraged buyout transactions;
Investment Banking and Financial Advisory – Includes Blackstone's mergers and acquisitions advisory services, restructuring and reorganization advisory services, and fund placement services for alternative investment funds;
Marketable Alternative Asset Management – Management of Blackstone's funds of hedge funds, mezzanine funds, senior debt vehicles, and closed-end mutual funds;
Real Estate – Management of Blackstone's family of real estate investment funds.

Corporate private equity[edit]
As of 2011[update], Blackstone is the world's fifth-largest private equity firm by committed capital, focusing primarily on leveraged buyouts of more mature companies.[7] The firm also invests through minority investments, corporate partnerships, and industry consolidations, and occasionally, start-up investments in new entrants into existing industries. The firm focuses on friendly investments in large capitalization companies.[10]
Blackstone's private equity business employs approximately 120 investment employees in New York City; London; Menlo Park, California; Mumbai; Hong Kong; and Beijing.[6]
Historically, Blackstone has primarily relied on private equity funds, pools of committed capital from pension funds, insurance companies, endowments, fund of funds, high-net-worth individuals, sovereign wealth funds, and other institutional investors.[11] As of the end of 2008, Blackstone had completed fundraising for six funds with total investor commitments of over $36 billion, including five traditional private equity fund and a separate fund focusing on telecommunications investments.
Below is a summary of Blackstone's private equity funds raised from its inception through the beginning of 2009:[12]


Fund
Vintage
Year
Committed
Capital ($b)


Blackstone Capital Partners I
1987
$0.8


Blackstone Capital Partners II
1994
$1.27


Blackstone Capital Partners III
1997
$3.78


Blackstone Communications Partners I
2000
$2.02


Blackstone Capital Partners IV
2003
$6.45


Blackstone Capital Partners V
2006
$21.7


Blackstone Capital Partners VI
2010
$13.5


From 1987 to the time of its IPO filing in 2007, Blackstone invested approximately $20 billion in capital in 109 private equity transactions.[10]
Blackstone's most notable investments include Allied Waste,[13] AlliedBarton Security Services, Graham Packaging, Celanese, Nalco, HealthMarkets, Houghton Mifflin, American Axle, TRW Automotive, Catalent Pharma Solutions, Prime Hospitality, Legoland, Madame Tussauds,[14] Luxury Resorts (LXR), Pinnacle Foods, Hilton Hotels Corporation, Apria Healthcare, Travelport, The Weather Channel (United States) and The PortAventura Resort. In 2009 Blackstone purchased Busch Entertainment (comprising the Sea World Parks, Busch Garden Parks and the 2 water parks).[15]
In 2012, Blackstone acquired a controlling interest in Utah-based Vivint, Inc., a home automation, security, and energy company.[16]
Former notable investments include Universal Studios Parks, which was sold to Comcast.
Real estate[edit]
Blackstone began building its real estate investment business in 1992 with the acquisition of a series of hotel businesses and has built it into a global operation with 122 investment professionals in the United States, Europe and Asia. The real estate business has raised approximately $28 billion for a variety of fund vehicles, including six US-focused funds and three International opportunity funds. Blackstone also raised a real estate special situations fund focusing on non-controlling debt and equity investment opportunities. The special situations fund invests directly in real estate as well as private and publicly traded real estate-related securities.[10][17]
The following is a summary of Blackstone's real estate funds raised from inception through November 2009:[12]


Fund
Vintage
Year
Committed
Capital ($b)


Blackstone Real Estate Partners I
1994
$0.48


Blackstone Real Estate Partners II
1996
$1.3


Blackstone Real Estate Partners III
1999
$1.5


Blackstone Real Estate Partners International (Europe)
2001
€0.8


Blackstone Real Estate Partners IV
2003 (alt value 2004)[18]
$2.5 (alt value €6.7bn)[18]


Blackstone Real Estate Partners International (Europe) II
2006
€1.55


Blackstone Real Estate Partners V
2006
$5.25


Blackstone Real Estate Partners VI
2007
$10.9


Blackstone Real Estate Special Situations PE Fund
2008
$1.0


Blackstone Real Estate Partners Europe III
2009
€3.1


From 1987 through the time of its IPO filing in 2007, Blackstone invested more than $13 billion in 212 real estate transactions and is a major owner of real estate throughout the US and Europe.[10] Blackstone's most notable real estate investments have included Equity Office Properties, Hilton Hotels Corporation, Trizec Properties, Center Parcs UK, La Quinta Inns & Suites, Motel 6, Wyndham Worldwide, Southern Cross Healthcare and Vicinity Centres.[19]
The purchase and subsequent profitable IPO of Southern Cross led to controversy in the UK. Part of the purchase involved splitting the business into a property company, NHP, and a care home business, which Blackstone claimed would become "the leading company in the elderly care market". In May 2011, Southern Cross, now independent, was almost bankrupt, jeopardising 31,000 elderly residents in 750 care homes. It denied blame, although Blackstone was widely accused in the media for selling on the company with an unsustainable business model and crippled with an impossible sale and leaseback strategy.[20][21]
After the subprime mortgage crisis, Blackstone Group LP has bought more than $5.5 billion single-family homes for rent, to be sold when the prices rise.[22]
Blackstone has agreed to sell a selection of Northern California office buildings for the sum of $3.5 billion, in the latest sale of real estate by the firm.[23]
Marketable alternative asset management[edit]
Main article: GSO Capital Partners
In 1990, Blackstone created a fund of hedge funds business to manage the internal assets for Blackstone and its senior managers. Over the years, this business evolved into Blackstone's marketable alternative asset management segment, which was opened to institutional investors. Among the investments included in this segment are funds of hedge funds, mezzanine funds, senior debt vehicles, proprietary hedge funds and closed-end mutual funds.[10]
In March 2008, Blackstone acquired GSO Capital Partners, a credit-oriented alternative asset manager, for $620 million in cash and stock and up to $310 million through an earnout over the next five years based on certain earnings targets. The combination of Blackstone and GSO created one of the largest credit platforms in the alternative asset management business, with over $21 billion of total assets under management.[24] GSO was founded in 2005 by Bennett Goodman, Tripp Smith and Doug Ostrover. The GSO team had previously managed the leveraged finance businesses at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette and later Credit Suisse First Boston, after the acquisition of DLJ. Blackstone had existing relationships with the GSO team as an original investor in GSO's funds. Following the completion of the acquisition, Blackstone merged GSO's operations with its existing debt investment operations.[25][26]
Financial advisory services[edit]
Blackstone's financial advisory business is composed of three businesses:[10]

Corporate and Mergers and Acquisitions Advisory
Restructuring & Reorganization Advisory
Private Placement Advisory

Blackstone was founded by Peterson and Schwarzman in 1985 as a boutique investment banking firm that provides mergers and acquisitions advisory services. Among Blackstone's most notable corporate and mergers and acquisitions, advisory clients include Microsoft, Procter & Gamble, Verizon, Comcast, Sony and AIG.[27][28]
In 1991, with the collapse of the 1980s buyout boom, Blackstone began to offer advisory services in corporate restructurings as well. Blackstone's most notable restructuring clients have included General Motors[29] Xerox, Enron,[30] Bally Total Fitness and Global Crossing.
Blackstone's fund placement advisory group, The Park Hill Group, was formed in 2005 with a team of professionals from Atlantic-Pacific Capital and Credit Suisse. The group focuses on raising capital from institutional investors for private investment vehicles that invest in private equity, mezzanine, real estate, venture capital, and hedge funds.[31] Park Hill Group also provides secondary advisory services to investors seeking portfolio liquidity and unfunded commitment relief.[32]
In 2006 John Studzinski joined The Blackstone Group as the senior managing director in its investment and advisory group and as a member of the firm's executive committee.[33][34] He was recruited to oversee and develop Blackstone’s mergers-and-acquisitions advisory business, Blackstone Advisory Partners, in the United States and Europe, and to open an office in London.[34][35] His primary role as global head of Blackstone Advisory Partners was to oversee Blackstone's corporate M&A advisory services business in the U.S., and further develop the corporate M&A advisory business in Europe and Asia.[36][37] In early 2015, Blackstone began spinning off three of its divisions, including its M&A advisory group, to avoid any potential conflicts of interest with its primary private-equity business.[38][39][40] After assisting with the transition,[41] Studzinski became Vice Chairman of Investor Relations and Business Development at The Blackstone Group.[42][43] In this capacity, he holds responsibility for a number of sovereign and international institutional relationships, as well as ultra high-net-worth families outside the U.S.[42]
History[edit]


History of private equity
and venture capital


Early history


(Origins of modern private equity)


The 1980s


(Leveraged buyout boom)


The 1990s


(Leveraged buyout and the venture capital bubble)


The 2000s


(Dot-com bubble to the credit crunch)





v
t
e





Founding and early history[edit]
The Blackstone Group was founded in 1985 by Peter G. Peterson & Stephen A. Schwarzman and Richard Bennett with $400,000 in seed capital.[44][45] The founders named their firm "Blackstone", which was a cryptogram derived from the names of the two founders (Schwarzman and Peterson): "Schwarz" is German for "black"; "Peter", or "Petra" in Greek, means "stone" or "rock".[46] The two founders had previously worked together at Lehman Brothers, Kuhn, Loeb Inc. At Lehman, Schwarzman served as head of Lehman Brothers' global mergers and acquisitions business.[47] Prominent investment banker Roger C. Altman, another Lehman veteran, left his position as a managing director of Shearson Lehman Brothers to join Peterson and Schwarzman at Blackstone in 1987, but left in 1992 to join the Clinton Administration as Deputy Treasury Secretary.
Blackstone was originally formed as a mergers and acquisitions advisory boutique. Blackstone advised on the 1987 merger of investment banks E. F. Hutton & Co. and Shearson Lehman Brothers, collecting a $3.5 million fee.[48][49]




Blackstone co-founder Peter Peterson was former chairman of Lehman Brothers, Kuhn, Loeb Inc.


From the outset in 1985, Schwarzman and Peterson planned to enter the private equity business, but had difficulty in raising their first fund because neither had ever led a leveraged buyout.[50] Blackstone finalized fundraising for its first private equity fund in the aftermath of the October 1987 stock market crash. After two years of providing strictly advisory services, Blackstone decided to pursue a merchant banking model after its founders determined that many situations required an investment partner rather than just an advisor. The largest investors in the first fund included Prudential Insurance Company, Nikko Securities and the General Motors pension fund.[51]
Blackstone also ventured into other businesses, most notably investment management. In 1987 Blackstone entered into a 50–50 partnership with the founders of BlackRock, Larry Fink and Ralph Schlosstein. The two founders, who had previously run the mortgage-backed securities divisions at First Boston and Lehman Brothers Kuhn Loeb, respectively, initially joined Blackstone to manage an investment fund and provide advice to financial institutions. They also planned to use a Blackstone fund to invest in financial institutions and help build an asset management business specializing in fixed income investments.[10][52]
As the business grew, Japanese bank Nikko Securities acquired a 20% interest in Blackstone for a $100 million investment in 1988 (valuing the firm at $500 million). Nikko's investment allowed for a major expansion of the firm and its investment activities.[53] The growth firm also recruited politician and investment banker David Stockman from Salomon Brothers in 1988. Stockman led many key deals in his time at the firm, but had a mixed record with his investments.[54] He left Blackstone in 1999 to start his own private equity firm, Heartland Industrial Partners, based in Greenwich, Connecticut.[55][56]
The firm advised CBS Corporation on its 1988 sale of CBS Records to Sony to form what would become Sony Music Entertainment.[57] In June 1989, Blackstone acquired freight railroad operator, CNW Corporation.[58] That same year, Blackstone partnered with Salomon Brothers to raise $600 million to acquire distressed thrifts in the midst of the savings and loan crisis.[59]
1990s[edit]




The Blackstone Group logo in use prior to the firm's rebranding as simply Blackstone


As the 1990s began, Blackstone continued its growth and expansion into new businesses. In 1990, Blackstone launched its fund of hedge funds business, initially intended to manage investments for Blackstone senior management. Also in 1990, Blackstone extended its ambitions to Europe, forming a partnership with J. O. Hambro Magan in the UK and Indosuez in France. In 1991, Blackstone created its Europe unit to enhance the firm's presence internationally.[60][61]
In 1991, Blackstone launched its real estate investment business with the acquisition of a series of hotel businesses under the leadership of Henry Silverman. In 1990, Blackstone and Silverman acquired a 65% interest in Prime Motor Inn's Ramada and Howard Johnson franchises for $140 million, creating Hospitality Franchise Systems as a holding company.[62] In October 1991, Blackstone and Silverman added Days Inns of America for $250 million.[63] Then, in 1993, Hospitality Franchise Systems acquired Super 8 Motels for $125 million.[64] Silverman would ultimately leave Blackstone to serve as CEO of HFS, which would later become Cendant Corporation.
Blackstone made a number of notable investments in the early and mid-1990s, including Great Lakes Dredge and Dock Company (1991), Six Flags (1991), US Radio (1994), Centerplate (1995), MEGA Brands (1996). Also, in 1996, Blackstone partnered with the Loewen Group, the second largest funeral home and cemetery operator in North America, to acquire funeral home and cemetery businesses. The partnership's first acquisition was a $295 million buyout of Prime Succession from GTCR.[65][66][67]
Through the mid and late 1990s, Blackstone continued to grow. In 1997, Blackstone completed fundraising for its third private equity fund, with approximately $4 billion of investor commitments[68] and a $1.1 billion real estate investment fund.[69] In the following year, in 1998, Blackstone sold a 7% interest in its management company to AIG, replacing Nikko Securities as its largest investor and valuing Blackstone at $2.1 billion.[70] Then, in 1999, Blackstone launched its mezzanine capital business. Blackstone brought in five professionals, led by Howard Gellis from Nomura Holding America's Leveraged Capital Group to manage the business.[71]
Blackstone's investments in the late 1990s included AMF Group (1996), Haynes International (1997), American Axle (1997), Premcor (1997), CommNet Cellular (1998), Graham Packaging (1998), Centennial Communications (1999), Bresnan Communications (1999), PAETEC Holding Corp. (1999). Haynes and Republic Technologies International, a specialty steel maker in which Blackstone invested in 1996, both had problems and ultimately filed bankruptcy.[72]
Also, in 1997, Blackstone made its first investment in Allied Waste. Two years later, in 1999, Blackstone, together with Apollo Management provided capital for Allied Waste's acquisition of Browning-Ferris Industries in 1999 to create the second largest waste management company in the US. Blackstone's investment in Allied was one of its largest to that point in the firm's history.[13]
Its investments in telecommunications businesses—four cable TV systems in rural areas (TW Fanch 1 and 2, Bresnan Communications and Intermedia Partners IV) and a cell phone operator in the Rocky Mountain states (CommNet Cellular) were among the most successful of the era, generating $1.5 billion of profits for Blackstone's funds.[73]
Blackstone Real Estate Advisers, its real estate affiliate, bought the Watergate Complex in Washington D.C. in July 1998 for $39 million[74] and sold it to Monument Reality in August 2004.[75]
Early 2000s[edit]
Blackstone acquired the mortgage for 7 World Trade Center in October 2000 from the Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association.[76]




Schwarzman's Blackstone Group completed the first major IPO of a private equity firm in June 2007.[77]


In July 2002, Blackstone completed fundraising for a $6.45 billion private equity fund, Blackstone Capital Partners IV, the largest private equity fund ever raised to that point. More than $4 billion of the capital was raised by the end of 2001 and Blackstone was able to secure the remaining commitments despite adverse market conditions.[78]
With a significant amount of capital in its new fund, Blackstone was one of a handful of private equity investors capable of completing large transactions in the adverse conditions of the early 2000s recession. At the end of 2002, Blackstone, together with Thomas H. Lee Partners and Bain Capital, acquired Houghton Mifflin Company for $1.28 billion. The transaction represented one of the first large club deals, completed since the collapse of the Dot-com bubble.[79]
In 2002, Hamilton E. James joined global alternative asset manager Blackstone, where he currently serves as president and chief operating officer. He also serves on the firm's executive and management committees, and its board of directors.[80] In late 2002, Blackstone remained active acquiring TRW Automotive in a $4.7 billion buyout, the largest private equity deal announced that year (the deal was completed in early 2003). TRW's parent was acquired by Northrop Grumman, while Blackstone purchased its automotive parts business, a major supplier of automotive systems.[81][82] Blackstone also purchased a majority interest in Columbia House, a music buying club, in mid-2002.[83]
Blackstone made a significant investment in Financial Guaranty Insurance Company (FGIC), a monoline bond insurer alongside PMI Group, The Cypress Group and CIVC Partners. FGIC incurred heavy losses, along with other bond insurers in the 2008 credit crisis.[84]
Two years later, in 2005, Blackstone was one of seven private equity firms involved in the buyout of SunGard in a transaction valued at $11.3 billion. Blackstone's partners in the acquisition were Silver Lake Partners, Bain Capital, Goldman Sachs Capital Partners, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, Providence Equity Partners, and TPG Capital. This represented the largest leveraged buyout completed since the takeover of RJR Nabisco at the end of the 1980s leveraged buyout boom. Also, at the time of its announcement, SunGard would be the largest buyout of a technology company in history, a distinction it would cede to the buyout of Freescale Semiconductor. The SunGard transaction is also notable in the number of firms involved in the transaction, the largest club deal completed to that point.[85] The involvement of seven firms in the consortium was criticized by investors in private equity who considered cross-holdings among firms to be generally unattractive.[86][87]
In 2006, Blackstone launched its new long / short equity hedge fund business, Kailix Advisors. According to Blackstone, as of September 30, 2008, Kailix Advisors had $1.9 billion of assets under management. In December 2008, Blackstone announced that Kailix would be spun off to its management team to form a new fund as an independent entity backed by Blackstone.[26]
While Blackstone was active on the corporate investment side, it was also busy pursuing real estate investments. Blackstone acquired Prime Hospitality[88] and Extended Stay America in 2004. Blackstone followed these investments with the acquisition of La Quinta Inns & Suites in 2005. Blackstone's largest transaction, the buyout of Hilton Hotels Corporation occurred in 2007. Extended Stay Hotels was sold to The Lightstone Group in July 2007 and Prime Hospitality's Wellesley Inns were folded into La Quinta.[89] La Quinta Inns & Suites went public in 2014 and is now controlled by La Quinta Holdings as the parent organization.[90]
Buyout boom (2005–2007)[edit]
During the buyout boom of 2006 and 2007, Blackstone completed some of the largest leveraged buyouts. Blackstone's most notable transactions during this period included the following:


Investment
Year
Company Description
Ref.


TDC
2005
In December 2005, Blackstone together with a group of firms, including Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, Permira, Apax Partners and Providence Equity Partners, acquired Tele-Denmark Communications. The firms acquired the former telecom monopoly in Denmark, under the banner Nordic Telephone Company (NTC) for approximately $11 billion.
[91]


Equity Office
2006
Blackstone completes the $37.7 billion acquisition of one of the largest owners of commercial office properties in the US. At the time of its announcement, the Equity Office buyout became the largest in history, surpassing the buyout of HCA. It would later be surpassed by KKR's buyout of TXU. Vornado Realty Trust bid against Blackstone, pushing up the final price.
[92][93]


Freescale Semiconductor
2006
A consortium led by Blackstone and including the Carlyle Group, Permira and the TPG Capital completed the $17.6 billion takeover of the semiconductor company. At the time of its announcement, Freescale would be the largest leveraged buyout of a technology company ever, surpassing the 2005 buyout of SunGard. The buyers were forced to pay an extra $800 million because KKR made a last minute bid as the original deal was about to be signed. Shortly after the deal closed in late 2006, cell phone sales at Motorola Corp., Freescale's former corporate parent and a major customer, began dropping sharply. In addition, in the recession of 2008–2009, Freescale's chip sales to automakers fell off, and the company came under great financial strain.
[94][95]


Michaels
2006
Blackstone, together with Bain Capital, acquired Michaels, the largest arts and crafts retailer in North America in a $6.0 billion leveraged buyout in October 2006. Bain and Blackstone narrowly beat out Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and TPG Capital in an auction for the company.
[96]


Nielsen Holdings
2006
Blackstone together with AlpInvest Partners, Carlyle Group, Hellman & Friedman, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and Thomas H. Lee Partners acquired the global information and media company formerly known as VNU.
[97][98][99]


Orangina[100]
2006
Blackstone, together with Lion Capital acquired Orangina, the bottler, distributor and franchisor of a number of carbonated and other soft drinks in Europe from Cadbury Schweppes for €1.85 billion
[101]


Travelport
2006
Travelport, the parent of the travel web site Orbitz.com, was acquired from Cendant by Blackstone and Technology Crossover Ventures in a deal valued at $4.3 billion. The sale of Travelport followed the spin-offs of Cendant's real estate and hospitality businesses, Realogy Corporation and Wyndham Worldwide Corporation, respectively, in July 2006. (Later in the year, TPG and Silver Lake would acquire Travelport's chief competitor Sabre Holdings.) Soon after the Travelport buyout, Travelport spun off part of its subsidiary Orbitz Worldwide in an IPO and bought a Travelport competitor, Worldspan.
[102][103][104]


United Biscuits
2006
In October 2006 Blackstone, together with PAI Partners announced the acquisition of the British biscuit producer. The deal was completed in December 2006.
[105][106]


RGIS Inventory Specialists
2007
In March 2007, RGIS announced that Blackstone Group purchased a controlling interest in the company, the terms of the transaction were not disclosed.
[107]


Biomet
2007
Blackstone, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, TPG Capital and Goldman Sachs Capital Partners acquired the medical devices company for $11.6 billion.
[108]


Hilton Worldwide
2007
Blackstone acquired the premium hotel operator for approximately $26 billion, representing a 25% premium to Hilton's all-time high stock price. The Hilton deal, announced on July 3, 2007 is often referred to as the deal that marked the "high water mark" and the beginning of the end of the multi-year boom in leveraged buyouts. The company restructured its debt in 2010.
[109][110][111]


Initial public offering in 2007[edit]
In 2004, Blackstone had explored the possibility of creating a business development company (BDC), Blackridge Investments, similar to vehicles pursued by Apollo Management.[112] However, Blackstone failed to raise capital through an initial public offering that summer, and the project was shelved.[113] It also planned to raise a fund on the Amsterdam stock exchange in 2006, but its rival, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co., launched a $5 billion fund there that soaked up all demand for such funds, and Blackstone abandoned its project.[114]
By the summer of 2006, Blackstone had a more ambitious goal and secretly began laying the groundwork for an IPO of the firm itself, and managed to keep the project quiet for eight or nine months.[7][115] On March 22, 2007, Blackstone filed with the SEC[10] to raise $4 billion in an initial public offering. On June 3, 2007, Blackstone announced the acquisition of Alliant Insurance Services, Inc., one of the nation's largest insurance brokerage firms.[116] On June 21, Blackstone sold a 12.3% stake in its ownership for $4.13 billion in the largest U.S. IPO since 2002. Traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol BX, Blackstone priced at $31 per share on June 22, 2007.[8][117] In July 2007, less than two weeks after the Blackstone IPO, its rival private equity firm, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, filed with the SEC.[118] In October 2009, KKR listed its shares on the Euronext exchange and anticipates a listing on the New York Stock Exchange.[119]
2008 to 2010[edit]
Since the closure of the credit markets in 2007 and 2008, Blackstone has managed to close only a small number of sizable transactions. In January 2008, Blackstone made a small co-investment alongside TPG Capital and Apollo Management in their buyout of Harrah's Entertainment, although that transaction had been announced during the buyout boom period. Other notable investments that Blackstone completed in 2008 and 2009 included AlliedBarton, Performance Food Group,[120][121] Apria Healthcare and CMS Computers.
Among the firm's two largest investments since the buyout boom have been The Weather Channel and the announced acquisition of Busch Entertainment. In July 2008, Blackstone, together with NBC Universal and Bain Capital agreed to purchase The Weather Channel from Landmark Communications.[122][123] In October 2009, Anheuser-Busch InBev announced the sale of its Busch Entertainment Corporation theme parks division to Blackstone for $2.7 billion.[124][125] The Financial Times reported that Merlin Entertainments owned by Blackstone Group will file an IPO[126] in the 2nd quarter of 2010. Merlin will be listed on the London Stock Exchange. If true this would be the second of 8 reported IPOs Blackstone plans,[127] the first being Team Health Holdings, Inc.[128] Blackstone reported at the end of 2009 revenues of $1.8bln, compared to -$349mln revenues in 2008.[129] On August 13, 2010 Blackstone announced it would buy Dynegy, an energy firm, for nearly $5 billion.[130]
In 2010, Blackstone Alternative Asset Management, received Institutional Investor magazine's 8th Annual Hedge Fund Industry award for Large Fund of Hedge Funds of the Year.[131]
Investments since 2011[edit]

In February 2011 Blackstone Group LP acquired 588 malls of Centro's U.S. shopping centers for $9.4 billion. Centro's Australian continues their operation independently.[132]
In August 2011 Blackstone Group LP bought Medical-Biller Emdeon Inc. for around $3 billion. Since Blackstone Group LP was the world's biggest private-equity firm, tender offer of Emdeon Inc. public company should be done with a cash payment of $19 a share, a 44 percent premium.[133]
In late 2011 Blackstone Group LP acquired the German outdoor company Jack Wolfskin. Blackstone moved some of its accounting functions to India.
In 2012, Blackstone was part of a consortium that financed Knight Capital after a software glitch threatened Knight's ability to continue operations.
In October 2012, the Blackstone Group acquired G6 Hospitality better known as Motel 6 & Studio 6 motels for 1.9 billion.
In November 2012, the Blackstone Group acquired a controlling interest in Vivint, Vivint Solar, and 2GIG Technologies.[134]
In April 2013, the company confirmed that it backed out of the proposed Dell buyout.[135]
In September 2013, Blackstone announced a strategic investment in ThoughtFocus Technologies LLC, a leading IT Service provider. The investment will establish the 'Blackstone Center of Excellence', an IT outsourcing and offshore delivery center, to provide technology and other administrative service.[136]
In August 2013 Blackstone bought Strategic Partners, manager of secondaryfunds, from CreditSuisse, with which Blackstone is raising its 6th fund, targeting $4 billion.[137]
In February 2014, Blackstone purchased a 20 percent stake in the Italian luxury brand Versace for €150 million.[138][139]
In April 2014 Blackstone's charitable arm, the Blackstone Charitable Foundation, donated $4 million to create the Blackstone Entrepreneurs Network in Colorado. The program encourages increased collaboration among local business leaders with the goal of retaining high-growth companies in the state.[140]
In May 2014, Blackstone Group purchased the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas resort from Deutsche Bank for $1.73 billion.[141]
In August 2014, Blackstone Group was in advanced talks to acquire Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSA)'s 50 percent stake in a shale-gas field in Louisiana. Blackstone would pay about $1.2 billion for Shell’s half-interest in the Haynesville formation.[142]
In January 2015, Blackstone announced it would sell a Sydney-based office building to Dalian Wanda Group for around $327 million.[143]
In April 2015, Blackstone announced it would acquire Excel Trust Inc, a real estate investment trust, for around $2 billion.[144]
In October 2015, Blackstone agreed to purchase BioMed Realty Trust Inc for a sum of around $8 billion.[145]
In November 2015, Blackstone Group agreed to sell facility management firm GCA Services Group Inc to a consortium of Goldman Sachs’ private equity arm and Thomas H. Lee Partners.[146]
As of Q4 2015, the firm is in talks to sell of some of its trophy office assets in the Los Angeles market. Douglas Emmett Inc. is in advanced talks to purchase four buildings for more than $1 billion. The buildings total 1.7 million square feet and are located in the Westwood area.[147]
On February 10, 2017, Aon PLC agreed to sell its human resources outsourcing platform for $4.3 billion to Blackstone Group L.P., creating a new company.[148]
On June 19, 2017, Blackstone acquired the majority interest in The Office Group, valuing the whole company at $640 million.[149]

Self-dealing[edit]
In 2013, Bloomberg uncovered how the Blackstone Group was self-dealing after its affiliate GSO Capital Partners purchased debt and credit default swaps in Codere SA, a Spanish betting, online gambling and gaming company.[150]

In the first half of 2013, Blackstone GSO and another firm later purchased a €100 million bank loan (via secondary markets) that Codere already had on the books, and then convinced Codere to delay repayment on the debt related to the aforementioned credit default swaps. That delay triggered the CDS, resulting in upwards of $18.7 million in profit for GSO.[151]

The GSO director defended the move with "Codere (working with us...) had to trigger the credit default swaps, as it was the only way to compel certain bondholders to negotiate." and blamed credit default swap investors for their loss:

Unlike Blackstone, who invested directly into Codere, these financial investors [of hedge funds using credit default swaps] were not aligned with the interests of Codere, but instead through their use of credit default swaps, were betting on when the Company would default[...]having no interest in the outcome of the game.[151]

See also[edit]


Companies portal



List of outdoor industry parent companies
List of venture capital firms

References[edit]


^ Stephen Schwarzman speaks with Betty Liu and Erik Schatzke on "In the Loop" (April 16, 2015). Schwarzman Says Fundraising Environment Is 'Remarkable' (Television production). Bloomberg. Event occurs at 00:22 minutes in. Retrieved March 16, 2016. You've got assets now at three hundred billion dollars. 
^ "Blackstone Reports Third Quarter Results" (PDF). The Blackstone Group. January 31, 2013. Archived from the original (PDF) on October 30, 2014. 
^ a b Wiliam Alden (April 18, 2013). "Public Offering Values SeaWorld at $2.5 Billion". The New York Times. Retrieved April 19, 2013. 
^ "The Blackstone Group". The New York Times. Retrieved 12 January 2016. 
^ Kim, Soyoung (September 19, 2012). "Blackstone buys security firm Vivint for over $2 billion". Reuters. Retrieved 2013-03-23. 
^ a b Blackstone Group: Private Equity Archived February 4, 2009, at the Wayback Machine. (company website). See also: Blackstone Private Equity Investment by Transaction Size Archived January 17, 2009, at the Wayback Machine. (company website), Team (company website). Accessed 2009-02-20
^ a b c Blackstone Said to Prepare for I.P.O. New York Times, March 16, 2007
^ a b Anderson, Jenny. "Blackstone Founders Prepare to Count Their Billions." New York Times, June 12, 2007.
^ "Blackstone - Our Offices overview". Blackstone. 
^ a b c d e f g h i The Blackstone Group L.P., Form S-1, Securities And Exchange Commission, March 22, 2007
^ New bosses, new rules. Los Angeles Times, August 12, 2007
^ a b Data collected from Preqin, a private equity database system
^ a b A trash hauler is buying a much bigger rival, a type of deal that makes Wall Street a bit nervous. New York Times, March 9, 1999
^ Equity Firm Attracted to Attractions. New York Times, March 6, 2007
^ Blackstone Private Equity Investment by Transaction Size (company website). Accessed 2009-02-20 Archived January 17, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Kim, Soyoung; Roumeliotis, Greg (9 September 2012). "Blackstone buys security firm Vivint for over $2 billion". Reuters. Retrieved 4 January 2013. 
^ Blackstone Real Estate Overview. (company website). Accessed 2009-02-20 Archived January 6, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b "Blackstone amasses more capital for latest Europe RE pool". AltAssets. 20 December 2016. Retrieved 2016-12-20. 
^ Blackstone Real Estate Investment Portfolio ( at company website). Accessed 2009-02-20 Archived January 17, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Alex Hawkes "Blackstone denies blame for Southern Cross's plight" The Guardian, Thursday 2 June 2011
^ Nils Pratley "Was Southern Cross always sickly underneath?" The Guardian, Thursday 2 June 2011
^ Karmin, Craig (August 12, 2013). "Blackstone to Buy Stakes in Apartment Complexes From GE Unit". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Alden, William (December 8, 2014). "Blackstone to Sell California Office Buildings for $3.5 Billion". New York Times. Retrieved 2014-12-19. 
^ Blackstone to Buy GSO Capital. New York Times, January 10, 2008
^ Blackstone to Buy Hedge Fund to Strengthen Credit Operations. New York Times, January 11, 2008
^ a b Blackstone To Rationalize Single Manager Hedge Funds Businesses In Efficiency Move. Press Release, December 23, 2008
^ Schwarzman Unbowed. Bloomberg Markets, March 2009
^ Blackstone Financial Advisory: Selected Clients (company website). Accessed 2009-02-20 Archived February 16, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Moore, Heidi N. (December 12, 2008). "GM Hires Blackstone". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2008-12-12. 
^ "Blackstoin Restructuring & Reorganization: Selected Transactions". (Company website) Accessed 10/20/2012
^ Blackstone: Private Placement Advisory Overview (The Park Hill Group). Company website, Accessed 2009-02-20 Archived December 18, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Park Hill Group: About Us. Company website, Accessed 2011-1-26
^ Moyer, Liz. "Hitting A Brick Wall". Forbes. May 18, 2006.
^ a b "John Studzinski Joins Blackstone". The Blackstone Group. May 18, 2006.
^ Wachman, Richard. "Cracking the Studzinski code". The Observer. October 7, 2006.
^ John Studzinski CBE. FT Business of Luxury Summit, 30 May – 1 June 2012. Financial Times. 2012.
^ About John Studzinski. John Studzinski's blog.
^ "Blackstone to list advisory arm early 2015". Financial Times. October 2014.
^ Dezember, Ryan. "Blackstone Group to Spin Off Financial Advisory Business". Wall Street Journal. October 10, 2014.
^ Blackstone – History: 2014. Blackstone. Blackstone.com. Retrieved March 30, 2015.
^ Roumeliotis, Greg and Paritosh Bansal. "UPDATE 4-Blackstone gives up its roots in advisory unit spin-off". Reuters. October 10, 2014.
^ a b John Studzinski – Official profile, Blackstone.
^ "E.U. Estrangement Before The Divorce (a.k.a Volatility)". Fund Portfolio Management. January 23, 2015.
^ David Carey and John E. Morris, King of Capital: The Remarkable Rise, Fall and Rise Again of Steve Schwarzman and Blackstone (Crown 2010), pp. 45–56
^ Private equity power list: #1 The Blackstone Group. Fortune, July 2, 2007
^ Blackstone etymology. The Deal, June 26, 2007
^ Alden, William. "Blackstone's Chief Has a Warning for Wall Street's Entrepreneurs". DealBook. Retrieved 2017-01-27. 
^ Hutton-Shearson Deal Announced". New York Times, December 4, 1987.
^ "Hutton Sets Fees". New York Times, December 9, 1987
^ King of Capital, pp. 45-56
^ A Big Fund Ready to Capitalize on Hard Times. New York Times, November 13, 1987
^ "Mortgage Unit Leaders To Join Blackstone". New York Times, March 4, 1988
^ "Nikko Acquires 20% of Blackstone Group". New York Times, December 13, 1988
^ King of Capital, pp. 144–147
^ "Stockman Forming Own Buyout Concern". New York Times, September 17, 1999
^ "Stockman Is Charged With Fraud". New York Times, March 27, 2007
^ "Sony and CBS Records: What a Romance!". New York Times, September 18, 1988
^ "CNW Accepts Buyout Bid From Blackstone Group". New York Times, June 7, 1989
^ "2 Wall Street Firms Join To Buy Savings Units". New York Times, May 12, 1989
^ U.S. Mergers Firm Is Forming British Link. New York Times, April 23, 1990
^ Chairman Is Named For Blackstone Unit. New York Times, April 5, 1991
^ Prime to Sell Interest in Inns to Blackstone. New York Times, May 24, 1990
^ Blackstone Unit to Buy Days Inns. New York Times, October 1, 1991
^ Hospitality to Acquire Super 8 Motels. New York Times, February 17, 1993
^ The Loewen Group and Blackstone Capital Partners form corporate venture to acquire Prime Succession. Business Wire, June 17, 1996. Accessed 2009-02-20.
^ Loewen And Blackstone To Make Joint Purchase. New York Times, June 18, 1996
^ Loewen Buys Big Cemetery, And Its Suitor Criticizes Deal. New York Times, September 21, 1996
^ Blackstone Raises $4 Billion for Fund. New York Times, October 10, 1997
^ Red-Hot Revival in Real Estate; Overheating Is Feared With Surge in Vulture Investing. New York Times, November 6, 1997
^ A.I.G. Will Put $1.35 Billion Into Blackstone. New York Times, July 31, 1998
^ Blackstone to Form a New Financing Unit. New York Times, April 8, 1999
^ King of Capital, pp. 145-146
^ King of Capital, pp. 148–155
^ Cube, Christine (Nov 25, 2002). "Watergate Hotel For Sale". Washington Business Journal. 
^ Staff Report (Aug 19, 2004). "Monument Realty Buys Watergate Hotel". Commercial Real Estate Direct. 
^ "Blackstone Acquires Debt on 7 World Trade Center". Business Wire. October 17, 2000. 
^ Photographed at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland in January 2008.
^ Blackstone Amasses a Record Equity Fund. New York Times, July 17, 2002
^ Vivendi Finishes Sale of Houghton Mifflin To Investors. New York Times, January 1, 2003
^ Sender, Henny. "At Blackstone, James Builds A Following". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 23 March 2007. 
^ King of Capital, pp. 176, 197, 206-207
^ Blackstone Group May Purchase Auto Parts Business From TRW. New York Times, November 13, 2002
^ Blackstone Buys Majority Stake in Columbia House. New York Times, May 15, 2002
^ A Split-Up of Insurers of Bonds Is Considered. New York Times, February 16, 2008
^ King of Capital, p. 225
^ "Capital Firms Agree to Buy SunGard Data in Cash Deal." Bloomberg L.P., March 29, 2005
^ Do Too Many Cooks Spoil the Takeover Deal?. New York Times, April 3, 2005
^ The Blackstone Group to Acquire Prime Hospitality Corp. Press Release, August 18, 2004. Accessed 2009-02-20 Archived March 8, 2005, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Private-Equity Firm Sees Room for Value in Hotels. Wall Street Journal, August 17, 2005
^ http://ir.lq.com/Cache/1500058950.PDF?Y=&O=PDF&D=&FID=1500058950&T=&IID=4424891
^ Equity Firms Buy Danish Phone Company. New York Times, December 1, 2005
^ King of Capital, pp. 239–254
^ Blackstone's Bid for Equity Office Prevails New York Times, February 8, 2007
^ King of Capital, 231-235
^ Sorkin, Andrew Ross and Flynn, Laurie J. "Blackstone Alliance to Buy Chip Maker for $17.6 Billion." New York Times, September 16, 2006
^ Consortium Buys Michaels for $6 Billion. New York Times, July 1, 2006
^ VNU Shareholders Reject $8.9 Bln Offer From KKR Group. Bloomberg, March 8, 2006
^ Buyout Bid For Parent Of Nielsen. New York Times, January 17, 2006
^ VNU Agrees To Public Offer From Private Equity Group. Press Release, March 8, 2006
^ "Company News Headlines". NASDAQ.com. June 2, 2011. Retrieved 2013-01-29. 
^ Cadbury Sells Beverage Unit to Two Firms. New York Times, November 22, 2005
^ King of Capital, pp. 314-318
^ Sachdev, Ameet. " Orbitz travels to 4th owner: Blackstone Group to buy from Cendant.", Chicago Tribune, July 1, 2006. Accessed September 15, 2007.
^ Fineman, Josh. "Cendant to sell Orbitz to Blackstone for $4.3 Bln", Bloomberg.com, June 30, 2006. Accessed September 15, 2007.
^ Parkinson, Gary (October 26, 2006). "Private-equity companies snap up United Biscuits in a £1.6bn deal". The Independent. Retrieved 2007-04-12. 
^ "Blackstone and PAI complete purchase of UB" (Press release). United Biscuits. December 15, 2006. Archived from the original on September 27, 2007. Retrieved 2007-04-12. 
^ [1]. RGIS Press Release, March, 21st 2007
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Biomet Accepts Sweetened Takeover Offer." New York Times, June 8, 2007.
^ Blackstone to Buy Hilton Hotels for $26 Billion. New York Times, July 4, 2007
^ High-Water Mark. New York Times, July 4, 2008
^ King of Capital, pp. 299–300
^ Private Firms Use Closed-End Funds to Tap the Market. New York Times, April 17, 2004
^ Blackstone Group Postpones Fund Offering. New York Times, July 16, 2004
^ King of Capital, pp. 221–223
^ King of Capital, pp. 255–267
^ Alliant Insurance Services, Inc. to be acquired by Blackstone and Management, June 3, 2007 Archived March 4, 2016, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Sorkin, Andrew Ross and de la Merced, Michael J. "News Analysis Behind the Veil at Blackstone? Probably Another Veil." New York Times, March 19, 2007.
^ KKR & Co. L.P., Form S-1, Securities And Exchange Commission, July 3, 2007
^ KKR lists on Euronext; NYSE is next. Reuters, October 1, 2009[dead link]
^ Equity Firms Acquiring Food Supplier. Bloomberg, January 19, 2008
^ Blackstone, Wellspring to acquire Performance Food Group in $1.3bn deal. AltAssets, January 18, 2008 Archived June 11, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Michael J. de la Merced (July 7, 2008). "Weather Channel Is Sold to NBC and Equity Firms". New York Times. Retrieved 2008-09-17. 
^ Robert Marich. "The Weather Channel Sale Wraps". Broadcasting & Cable. Archived from the original on September 15, 2008. Retrieved 2008-09-26. 
^ Blackstone to buy A-B InBev's theme parks for $2.7 billion. MarketWatch, Oct. 7, 2009
^ InBev may sell US theme parks. Boston Globe, July 16, 2008[dead link]
^ "Blackstone's Merlin Entertainment to Go Public in '10, FT Says". Bloomberg. October 23, 2009. 
^ "Blackstone plans portfolio IPOs: source". Reuters. October 12, 2009. 
^ Wahba, Phil (October 6, 2009). "Blackstone-owned hospital staffing company files IPO". Reuters. 
^ Opalesque (26 February 2010). "Blackstone revenues in 2009 show strong bounce back from 2008". 
^ "Finance after the crisis: Survival of the richest". The Economist. The Economist Newspaper Limited. 396 (8696): 59. 21–27 August 2010. 
^ [2] Hedge Fund Industry Awards, The 8th Annual Hedge Fund Awards, Retrieved June 2011
^ Whitley, Angus; Saminather, Nichola (February 28, 2011). "Blackstone Said to Acquire Centro's U.S. Shopping Centers for $9.4 Billion". Bloomberg. 
^ Nussbaum, Alex; Kelly, Jason (August 4, 2011). "Blackstone Group Agrees to Acquire Medical-Biller Emdeon for $3 Billion". Bloomberg. 
^ De, Michael J. "The Blackstone Group News". New York Times. Retrieved 2013-01-29. 
^ Jolie O'Dell, VentureBeat. "Blackstone just backed out of its proposed Dell buyout." April 19, 2013. Retrieved on April 19, 2013.
^ Blackstone Announces Strategic Investment in ThoughtFocus Technologie. Wall Street Journal (2013-09-30). Retrieved on 2013-12-06.
^ Ryan, Dezember (April 24, 2014). "Bargain Bin Is Now Big Deal". WSJ. Retrieved 29 April 2014. 
^ Versace deal with Blackstone values group at 1 billion euros, Reuters, February 26, 2014
^ Zargani, Luisa (27 February 2014). "Versace Sells Minority Stake to Blackstone". Women's Wear Daily. Retrieved 27 February 2014. 
^ Vuong, Andy (April 20, 2014). "Blackstone grants $4 million to create Colorado entrepreneurs network". The Denver Post. Retrieved 22 April 2014. 
^ Arno Schuetze & Edward Taylor (May 15, 2014). "Deutsche Bank sells casino to Blackstone for $1.7 billion". Reuters. 
^ By David Carey, Bloomberg. "[3]." August 10, 2014. August 13, 2014.
^ Blackstone to sell prime Sydney property to Dalian Wanda for $327 million. Reuters, 26 January 2015
^ "Blackstone to buy Excel Trust for about $2 billion" (Press release). Reuters. 10 April 2015. 
^ "Blackstone to buy BioMed Realty in $8 billion deal". Reuters. 8 October 2015. 
^ "Blackstone to sell GCA Services to Thomas Lee, Goldman Sachs". Reuters. 16 November 2015. 
^ Brown, Eliot (24 November 2015). "Blackstone in Talks to Sell Four Los Angeles Office Towers". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2015-12-05. 
^ Jamerson, Joshua (February 10, 2017), Blackstone to Buy Aon’s Human Resources Outsourcing Platform for $4.3 Billion, New York City: The Wall Street Journal, retrieved February 12, 2017 
^ http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-officegroup-m-a-blackstone-idUKKBN19A1J4
^ Stephanie Ruhle; Mary Childs; Julie Miecamp (22 October 2013). "Blackstone Unit Wins in No-Lose Codere Trade: Corporate Finance". Bloomberg News. 
^ a b Dan Primack (5 December 2013). "Blackstone responds to Jon Stewart". finance.fortune.cnn.com. 




David Carey, John E. Morris (2010). King of Capital: The Remarkable Rise, Fall, and Rise Again of Steve Schwarzman and Blackstone.
The Making of a Wise Man. New York Times, November 28, 2004


External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


The Blackstone Group



Founders



Peter George Peterson
Stephen A. Schwarzman





Business Services



CMS Computers
RGIS
SunGard (minority shareholder)





Consumer/Retail



Michaels (Joint Control)
Performance Food Group
Pinnacle Foods
United Biscuits





Financial Services



BankUnited (minority stake)
HealthMarkets (minority stake)
FGIC (minority stake)





Healthcare



Biomet
Emcure Pharmaceuticals (investment)
Vanguard Health Systems





Industrial



Freescale (Joint Control)
Klöckner Pentaplast
TRW Automotive (Control)





Media/Telecommunications



eAccess (investment)
Nielsen Holdings (minority stake)
Axtel (minority stake)
Deutsche Telekom (minority stake)
TDC (minority stake)
The Weather Channel (minority stake)





Travel & Leisure



Hilton Worldwide
Center Parcs Europe (freehold)
Caesars Entertainment Corporation (minority stake)
Merlin Entertainments (minority stake)
SeaWorld Entertainment
Tragus Group
Travelport





Real estate



Extended Stay America (minority stake)
Equity Office
Luxury Resorts (LXR)
La Quinta Inns & Suites












v
t
e


Private equity and venture capital



Basic investment types



Buyout
Venture
Mezzanine
Growth
Secondaries
Equity co-investment








History



History of private equity and venture capital
Early history of private equity
Private equity in the 1980s
Private equity in the 1990s
Private equity in the 2000s





Terms and concepts





Buyout




Financial sponsor
Management buyout
Divisional buyout
Buy–sell agreement
Leveraged recapitalization
Dividend recapitalization






Venture




Angel investor
Business incubator
Post-money valuation
Pre-money valuation
Seed money
Startup company
Venture capital financing
Venture debt
Venture round






Structure




Private equity firms and funds
Limited partnership
Limited liability company
Carried interest
Management fee
Publicly traded private equity

Business Development Company
Venture capital trust


Private investment in public equity (PIPE)
Pledge fund








Investors



Corporations
Institutional investors
Pension funds
Insurance companies
Fund of funds
Endowments
Foundations
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Commercial banks
High-net-worth individuals
Family offices
Sovereign wealth funds
Crowdfunding





Related financial terms



AUM
Cap table
Capital call
Capital commitment
Capital structure
Distribution waterfall
EBITDA
Envy ratio
High-yield debt
IPO
IRR
Leverage
Liquidation preference
M&A
PME
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Undercapitalization
Vintage year








Private equity and venture capital investors
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Angel investors
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Largest private equity investment firms






3i Group
AAC Capital Partners
Advent International
AlpInvest Partners
American Capital
Apax Partners
Apollo Global Management
Ares Management
Bain Capital
BC Partners
Berkshire Partners
The Blackstone Group
Bridgepoint Capital
The Carlyle Group
CCMP Capital
Cerberus Capital Management
Charterhouse Capital Partners
Cinven
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice
CVC Capital Partners
Doughty Hanson & Co
EnCap Investments
EQT Partners
First Reserve Corporation
Fortress Investment Group
General Atlantic
Goldman Sachs Capital Partners
GTCR
Hellman & Friedman
H.I.G. Capital
JRK Property Holdings
KKR
Trilantic Capital Partners
Leonard Green & Partners
Madison Dearborn Partners
Nordic Capital
Oak Investment Partners
Oaktree Capital Management
Onex
Teachers' Private Capital
Pacific Equity Partners
PAI Partners
Permira
Providence Equity Partners
Sentinel Capital Partners
Silver Lake Partners
Summit Partners
Sun Capital Partners
TA Associates
Terra Firma Capital Partners
Thomas H. Lee Partners
TPG Capital
Warburg Pincus
Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe











Private equity
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List












v
t
e


The Weather Channel



Network information
and ownership



History
Landmark Communications (former)
NBCUniversal
Bain Capital
The Blackstone Group
List of meteorologists
International presence
Local on the 8s





Programs (list)





Live programs




AMHQ
PM Edition
Weather Center Live
Weather Geeks
Weather Underground
Weekend Recharge






Recorded programs




23.5° with Sam Champion
3 Scientists Walk Into a Bar
100 Biggest Weather Moments (2007 miniseries)
American Super/Natural
Fat Guys in the Woods
Highway Thru Hell
Natural Born Monsters
Prospectors
Raging Nature
Secrets of the Earth
So You Think You'd Survive?
Strangest Weather on Earth
Storm Stories
Tornado Alley
Weather Caught on Camera
Weather Gone Viral
Why Planes Crash








Weather Stars



III
4000
XL
IntelliStar





Related operations



Local Now
Weatherscan





Albums



The Best of Smooth Jazz
Smooth Jazz II










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=The_Blackstone_Group&oldid=788560248"					
Categories: Blackstone GroupCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies established in 1985Investment banks in the United StatesPrivate equity firms of the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2016Good articlesPages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2011All articles containing potentially dated statements 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


БългарскиCatalàDeutschEestiفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoLietuviųNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSuomiSvenskaTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 03:13.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









The Blackstone Group - Wikipedia






















 







The Blackstone Group

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Blackstone Group)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with BlackRock Inc, an investment management firm.

The Blackstone Group L.P.





Type

Master limited partnership


Traded as
NYSE: BX


Industry
Financial services


Founded
1985; 32 years ago (1985)


Founder
Peter George Peterson
Stephen A. Schwarzman


Headquarters
345 Park Avenue, Manhattan, New York City, New York, United States



Key people

Stephen A. Schwarzman
(Chairman and CEO)
Hamilton E. James
(President & COO)
J. Tomilson Hill
(Vice Chairman)
Jonathan D. Gray
(Global Head of Real estate)


Products
Private equity
Investment management
Asset management


Revenue
 US$ 7.484 billion (2014)



Net income

 US$ 1.584 billion (2014)


AUM
 US$ 311 billion (2015)[1][2]


Total assets
 US$ 31.510 billion (2014)



Number of employees

2,190 (2014)


Website
www.blackstone.com


The Blackstone Group L.P. is an American multinational private equity, alternative asset management and financial services firm based in New York City. As the largest alternative investment firm in the world,[3] Blackstone specializes in private equity, credit and hedge fund investment strategies.[4]
Blackstone's private equity business has been one of the largest investors in leveraged buyout transactions over the last decade, while its real estate business has actively acquired commercial real estate. Since its inception, Blackstone has completed investments in such notable companies as Hilton Worldwide, Merlin Entertainments Group, Performance Food Group, Equity Office Properties, Republic Services, AlliedBarton, United Biscuits, Freescale Semiconductor, Vivint,[5] and Travelport.[6]
Blackstone was founded in 1985 as a mergers and acquisitions boutique by Peter G. Peterson and Stephen A. Schwarzman, who had previously worked together at Lehman Brothers, Kuhn, Loeb Inc. Over the course of two decades, Blackstone has evolved into one of the world's largest private equity investment firms.[3] In 2007, Blackstone completed a $4 billion initial public offering to become one of the first major private equity firms to list shares in its management company on a public exchange.[7][8] Blackstone is headquartered at 345 Park Avenue in Manhattan, New York City, with eight additional offices in the United States, as well as offices in London, Paris, Düsseldorf, Sydney, Tokyo, Hong Kong, Singapore, Beijing, Shanghai, Madrid, Mumbai, and Dubai.[9]



Contents


1 Business segments

1.1 Corporate private equity
1.2 Real estate
1.3 Marketable alternative asset management
1.4 Financial advisory services


2 History

2.1 Founding and early history
2.2 1990s
2.3 Early 2000s
2.4 Buyout boom (2005–2007)
2.5 Initial public offering in 2007
2.6 2008 to 2010
2.7 Investments since 2011


3 Self-dealing
4 See also
5 References
6 External links



Business segments[edit]
Blackstone is organized into four business segments:[10]

Corporate private equity – Management of Blackstone's family of private equity funds investing in leveraged buyout transactions;
Investment Banking and Financial Advisory – Includes Blackstone's mergers and acquisitions advisory services, restructuring and reorganization advisory services, and fund placement services for alternative investment funds;
Marketable Alternative Asset Management – Management of Blackstone's funds of hedge funds, mezzanine funds, senior debt vehicles, and closed-end mutual funds;
Real Estate – Management of Blackstone's family of real estate investment funds.

Corporate private equity[edit]
As of 2011[update], Blackstone is the world's fifth-largest private equity firm by committed capital, focusing primarily on leveraged buyouts of more mature companies.[7] The firm also invests through minority investments, corporate partnerships, and industry consolidations, and occasionally, start-up investments in new entrants into existing industries. The firm focuses on friendly investments in large capitalization companies.[10]
Blackstone's private equity business employs approximately 120 investment employees in New York City; London; Menlo Park, California; Mumbai; Hong Kong; and Beijing.[6]
Historically, Blackstone has primarily relied on private equity funds, pools of committed capital from pension funds, insurance companies, endowments, fund of funds, high-net-worth individuals, sovereign wealth funds, and other institutional investors.[11] As of the end of 2008, Blackstone had completed fundraising for six funds with total investor commitments of over $36 billion, including five traditional private equity fund and a separate fund focusing on telecommunications investments.
Below is a summary of Blackstone's private equity funds raised from its inception through the beginning of 2009:[12]


Fund
Vintage
Year
Committed
Capital ($b)


Blackstone Capital Partners I
1987
$0.8


Blackstone Capital Partners II
1994
$1.27


Blackstone Capital Partners III
1997
$3.78


Blackstone Communications Partners I
2000
$2.02


Blackstone Capital Partners IV
2003
$6.45


Blackstone Capital Partners V
2006
$21.7


Blackstone Capital Partners VI
2010
$13.5


From 1987 to the time of its IPO filing in 2007, Blackstone invested approximately $20 billion in capital in 109 private equity transactions.[10]
Blackstone's most notable investments include Allied Waste,[13] AlliedBarton Security Services, Graham Packaging, Celanese, Nalco, HealthMarkets, Houghton Mifflin, American Axle, TRW Automotive, Catalent Pharma Solutions, Prime Hospitality, Legoland, Madame Tussauds,[14] Luxury Resorts (LXR), Pinnacle Foods, Hilton Hotels Corporation, Apria Healthcare, Travelport, The Weather Channel (United States) and The PortAventura Resort. In 2009 Blackstone purchased Busch Entertainment (comprising the Sea World Parks, Busch Garden Parks and the 2 water parks).[15]
In 2012, Blackstone acquired a controlling interest in Utah-based Vivint, Inc., a home automation, security, and energy company.[16]
Former notable investments include Universal Studios Parks, which was sold to Comcast.
Real estate[edit]
Blackstone began building its real estate investment business in 1992 with the acquisition of a series of hotel businesses and has built it into a global operation with 122 investment professionals in the United States, Europe and Asia. The real estate business has raised approximately $28 billion for a variety of fund vehicles, including six US-focused funds and three International opportunity funds. Blackstone also raised a real estate special situations fund focusing on non-controlling debt and equity investment opportunities. The special situations fund invests directly in real estate as well as private and publicly traded real estate-related securities.[10][17]
The following is a summary of Blackstone's real estate funds raised from inception through November 2009:[12]


Fund
Vintage
Year
Committed
Capital ($b)


Blackstone Real Estate Partners I
1994
$0.48


Blackstone Real Estate Partners II
1996
$1.3


Blackstone Real Estate Partners III
1999
$1.5


Blackstone Real Estate Partners International (Europe)
2001
€0.8


Blackstone Real Estate Partners IV
2003 (alt value 2004)[18]
$2.5 (alt value €6.7bn)[18]


Blackstone Real Estate Partners International (Europe) II
2006
€1.55


Blackstone Real Estate Partners V
2006
$5.25


Blackstone Real Estate Partners VI
2007
$10.9


Blackstone Real Estate Special Situations PE Fund
2008
$1.0


Blackstone Real Estate Partners Europe III
2009
€3.1


From 1987 through the time of its IPO filing in 2007, Blackstone invested more than $13 billion in 212 real estate transactions and is a major owner of real estate throughout the US and Europe.[10] Blackstone's most notable real estate investments have included Equity Office Properties, Hilton Hotels Corporation, Trizec Properties, Center Parcs UK, La Quinta Inns & Suites, Motel 6, Wyndham Worldwide, Southern Cross Healthcare and Vicinity Centres.[19]
The purchase and subsequent profitable IPO of Southern Cross led to controversy in the UK. Part of the purchase involved splitting the business into a property company, NHP, and a care home business, which Blackstone claimed would become "the leading company in the elderly care market". In May 2011, Southern Cross, now independent, was almost bankrupt, jeopardising 31,000 elderly residents in 750 care homes. It denied blame, although Blackstone was widely accused in the media for selling on the company with an unsustainable business model and crippled with an impossible sale and leaseback strategy.[20][21]
After the subprime mortgage crisis, Blackstone Group LP has bought more than $5.5 billion single-family homes for rent, to be sold when the prices rise.[22]
Blackstone has agreed to sell a selection of Northern California office buildings for the sum of $3.5 billion, in the latest sale of real estate by the firm.[23]
Marketable alternative asset management[edit]
Main article: GSO Capital Partners
In 1990, Blackstone created a fund of hedge funds business to manage the internal assets for Blackstone and its senior managers. Over the years, this business evolved into Blackstone's marketable alternative asset management segment, which was opened to institutional investors. Among the investments included in this segment are funds of hedge funds, mezzanine funds, senior debt vehicles, proprietary hedge funds and closed-end mutual funds.[10]
In March 2008, Blackstone acquired GSO Capital Partners, a credit-oriented alternative asset manager, for $620 million in cash and stock and up to $310 million through an earnout over the next five years based on certain earnings targets. The combination of Blackstone and GSO created one of the largest credit platforms in the alternative asset management business, with over $21 billion of total assets under management.[24] GSO was founded in 2005 by Bennett Goodman, Tripp Smith and Doug Ostrover. The GSO team had previously managed the leveraged finance businesses at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette and later Credit Suisse First Boston, after the acquisition of DLJ. Blackstone had existing relationships with the GSO team as an original investor in GSO's funds. Following the completion of the acquisition, Blackstone merged GSO's operations with its existing debt investment operations.[25][26]
Financial advisory services[edit]
Blackstone's financial advisory business is composed of three businesses:[10]

Corporate and Mergers and Acquisitions Advisory
Restructuring & Reorganization Advisory
Private Placement Advisory

Blackstone was founded by Peterson and Schwarzman in 1985 as a boutique investment banking firm that provides mergers and acquisitions advisory services. Among Blackstone's most notable corporate and mergers and acquisitions, advisory clients include Microsoft, Procter & Gamble, Verizon, Comcast, Sony and AIG.[27][28]
In 1991, with the collapse of the 1980s buyout boom, Blackstone began to offer advisory services in corporate restructurings as well. Blackstone's most notable restructuring clients have included General Motors[29] Xerox, Enron,[30] Bally Total Fitness and Global Crossing.
Blackstone's fund placement advisory group, The Park Hill Group, was formed in 2005 with a team of professionals from Atlantic-Pacific Capital and Credit Suisse. The group focuses on raising capital from institutional investors for private investment vehicles that invest in private equity, mezzanine, real estate, venture capital, and hedge funds.[31] Park Hill Group also provides secondary advisory services to investors seeking portfolio liquidity and unfunded commitment relief.[32]
In 2006 John Studzinski joined The Blackstone Group as the senior managing director in its investment and advisory group and as a member of the firm's executive committee.[33][34] He was recruited to oversee and develop Blackstone’s mergers-and-acquisitions advisory business, Blackstone Advisory Partners, in the United States and Europe, and to open an office in London.[34][35] His primary role as global head of Blackstone Advisory Partners was to oversee Blackstone's corporate M&A advisory services business in the U.S., and further develop the corporate M&A advisory business in Europe and Asia.[36][37] In early 2015, Blackstone began spinning off three of its divisions, including its M&A advisory group, to avoid any potential conflicts of interest with its primary private-equity business.[38][39][40] After assisting with the transition,[41] Studzinski became Vice Chairman of Investor Relations and Business Development at The Blackstone Group.[42][43] In this capacity, he holds responsibility for a number of sovereign and international institutional relationships, as well as ultra high-net-worth families outside the U.S.[42]
History[edit]


History of private equity
and venture capital


Early history


(Origins of modern private equity)


The 1980s


(Leveraged buyout boom)


The 1990s


(Leveraged buyout and the venture capital bubble)


The 2000s


(Dot-com bubble to the credit crunch)





v
t
e





Founding and early history[edit]
The Blackstone Group was founded in 1985 by Peter G. Peterson & Stephen A. Schwarzman and Richard Bennett with $400,000 in seed capital.[44][45] The founders named their firm "Blackstone", which was a cryptogram derived from the names of the two founders (Schwarzman and Peterson): "Schwarz" is German for "black"; "Peter", or "Petra" in Greek, means "stone" or "rock".[46] The two founders had previously worked together at Lehman Brothers, Kuhn, Loeb Inc. At Lehman, Schwarzman served as head of Lehman Brothers' global mergers and acquisitions business.[47] Prominent investment banker Roger C. Altman, another Lehman veteran, left his position as a managing director of Shearson Lehman Brothers to join Peterson and Schwarzman at Blackstone in 1987, but left in 1992 to join the Clinton Administration as Deputy Treasury Secretary.
Blackstone was originally formed as a mergers and acquisitions advisory boutique. Blackstone advised on the 1987 merger of investment banks E. F. Hutton & Co. and Shearson Lehman Brothers, collecting a $3.5 million fee.[48][49]




Blackstone co-founder Peter Peterson was former chairman of Lehman Brothers, Kuhn, Loeb Inc.


From the outset in 1985, Schwarzman and Peterson planned to enter the private equity business, but had difficulty in raising their first fund because neither had ever led a leveraged buyout.[50] Blackstone finalized fundraising for its first private equity fund in the aftermath of the October 1987 stock market crash. After two years of providing strictly advisory services, Blackstone decided to pursue a merchant banking model after its founders determined that many situations required an investment partner rather than just an advisor. The largest investors in the first fund included Prudential Insurance Company, Nikko Securities and the General Motors pension fund.[51]
Blackstone also ventured into other businesses, most notably investment management. In 1987 Blackstone entered into a 50–50 partnership with the founders of BlackRock, Larry Fink and Ralph Schlosstein. The two founders, who had previously run the mortgage-backed securities divisions at First Boston and Lehman Brothers Kuhn Loeb, respectively, initially joined Blackstone to manage an investment fund and provide advice to financial institutions. They also planned to use a Blackstone fund to invest in financial institutions and help build an asset management business specializing in fixed income investments.[10][52]
As the business grew, Japanese bank Nikko Securities acquired a 20% interest in Blackstone for a $100 million investment in 1988 (valuing the firm at $500 million). Nikko's investment allowed for a major expansion of the firm and its investment activities.[53] The growth firm also recruited politician and investment banker David Stockman from Salomon Brothers in 1988. Stockman led many key deals in his time at the firm, but had a mixed record with his investments.[54] He left Blackstone in 1999 to start his own private equity firm, Heartland Industrial Partners, based in Greenwich, Connecticut.[55][56]
The firm advised CBS Corporation on its 1988 sale of CBS Records to Sony to form what would become Sony Music Entertainment.[57] In June 1989, Blackstone acquired freight railroad operator, CNW Corporation.[58] That same year, Blackstone partnered with Salomon Brothers to raise $600 million to acquire distressed thrifts in the midst of the savings and loan crisis.[59]
1990s[edit]




The Blackstone Group logo in use prior to the firm's rebranding as simply Blackstone


As the 1990s began, Blackstone continued its growth and expansion into new businesses. In 1990, Blackstone launched its fund of hedge funds business, initially intended to manage investments for Blackstone senior management. Also in 1990, Blackstone extended its ambitions to Europe, forming a partnership with J. O. Hambro Magan in the UK and Indosuez in France. In 1991, Blackstone created its Europe unit to enhance the firm's presence internationally.[60][61]
In 1991, Blackstone launched its real estate investment business with the acquisition of a series of hotel businesses under the leadership of Henry Silverman. In 1990, Blackstone and Silverman acquired a 65% interest in Prime Motor Inn's Ramada and Howard Johnson franchises for $140 million, creating Hospitality Franchise Systems as a holding company.[62] In October 1991, Blackstone and Silverman added Days Inns of America for $250 million.[63] Then, in 1993, Hospitality Franchise Systems acquired Super 8 Motels for $125 million.[64] Silverman would ultimately leave Blackstone to serve as CEO of HFS, which would later become Cendant Corporation.
Blackstone made a number of notable investments in the early and mid-1990s, including Great Lakes Dredge and Dock Company (1991), Six Flags (1991), US Radio (1994), Centerplate (1995), MEGA Brands (1996). Also, in 1996, Blackstone partnered with the Loewen Group, the second largest funeral home and cemetery operator in North America, to acquire funeral home and cemetery businesses. The partnership's first acquisition was a $295 million buyout of Prime Succession from GTCR.[65][66][67]
Through the mid and late 1990s, Blackstone continued to grow. In 1997, Blackstone completed fundraising for its third private equity fund, with approximately $4 billion of investor commitments[68] and a $1.1 billion real estate investment fund.[69] In the following year, in 1998, Blackstone sold a 7% interest in its management company to AIG, replacing Nikko Securities as its largest investor and valuing Blackstone at $2.1 billion.[70] Then, in 1999, Blackstone launched its mezzanine capital business. Blackstone brought in five professionals, led by Howard Gellis from Nomura Holding America's Leveraged Capital Group to manage the business.[71]
Blackstone's investments in the late 1990s included AMF Group (1996), Haynes International (1997), American Axle (1997), Premcor (1997), CommNet Cellular (1998), Graham Packaging (1998), Centennial Communications (1999), Bresnan Communications (1999), PAETEC Holding Corp. (1999). Haynes and Republic Technologies International, a specialty steel maker in which Blackstone invested in 1996, both had problems and ultimately filed bankruptcy.[72]
Also, in 1997, Blackstone made its first investment in Allied Waste. Two years later, in 1999, Blackstone, together with Apollo Management provided capital for Allied Waste's acquisition of Browning-Ferris Industries in 1999 to create the second largest waste management company in the US. Blackstone's investment in Allied was one of its largest to that point in the firm's history.[13]
Its investments in telecommunications businesses—four cable TV systems in rural areas (TW Fanch 1 and 2, Bresnan Communications and Intermedia Partners IV) and a cell phone operator in the Rocky Mountain states (CommNet Cellular) were among the most successful of the era, generating $1.5 billion of profits for Blackstone's funds.[73]
Blackstone Real Estate Advisers, its real estate affiliate, bought the Watergate Complex in Washington D.C. in July 1998 for $39 million[74] and sold it to Monument Reality in August 2004.[75]
Early 2000s[edit]
Blackstone acquired the mortgage for 7 World Trade Center in October 2000 from the Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association.[76]




Schwarzman's Blackstone Group completed the first major IPO of a private equity firm in June 2007.[77]


In July 2002, Blackstone completed fundraising for a $6.45 billion private equity fund, Blackstone Capital Partners IV, the largest private equity fund ever raised to that point. More than $4 billion of the capital was raised by the end of 2001 and Blackstone was able to secure the remaining commitments despite adverse market conditions.[78]
With a significant amount of capital in its new fund, Blackstone was one of a handful of private equity investors capable of completing large transactions in the adverse conditions of the early 2000s recession. At the end of 2002, Blackstone, together with Thomas H. Lee Partners and Bain Capital, acquired Houghton Mifflin Company for $1.28 billion. The transaction represented one of the first large club deals, completed since the collapse of the Dot-com bubble.[79]
In 2002, Hamilton E. James joined global alternative asset manager Blackstone, where he currently serves as president and chief operating officer. He also serves on the firm's executive and management committees, and its board of directors.[80] In late 2002, Blackstone remained active acquiring TRW Automotive in a $4.7 billion buyout, the largest private equity deal announced that year (the deal was completed in early 2003). TRW's parent was acquired by Northrop Grumman, while Blackstone purchased its automotive parts business, a major supplier of automotive systems.[81][82] Blackstone also purchased a majority interest in Columbia House, a music buying club, in mid-2002.[83]
Blackstone made a significant investment in Financial Guaranty Insurance Company (FGIC), a monoline bond insurer alongside PMI Group, The Cypress Group and CIVC Partners. FGIC incurred heavy losses, along with other bond insurers in the 2008 credit crisis.[84]
Two years later, in 2005, Blackstone was one of seven private equity firms involved in the buyout of SunGard in a transaction valued at $11.3 billion. Blackstone's partners in the acquisition were Silver Lake Partners, Bain Capital, Goldman Sachs Capital Partners, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, Providence Equity Partners, and TPG Capital. This represented the largest leveraged buyout completed since the takeover of RJR Nabisco at the end of the 1980s leveraged buyout boom. Also, at the time of its announcement, SunGard would be the largest buyout of a technology company in history, a distinction it would cede to the buyout of Freescale Semiconductor. The SunGard transaction is also notable in the number of firms involved in the transaction, the largest club deal completed to that point.[85] The involvement of seven firms in the consortium was criticized by investors in private equity who considered cross-holdings among firms to be generally unattractive.[86][87]
In 2006, Blackstone launched its new long / short equity hedge fund business, Kailix Advisors. According to Blackstone, as of September 30, 2008, Kailix Advisors had $1.9 billion of assets under management. In December 2008, Blackstone announced that Kailix would be spun off to its management team to form a new fund as an independent entity backed by Blackstone.[26]
While Blackstone was active on the corporate investment side, it was also busy pursuing real estate investments. Blackstone acquired Prime Hospitality[88] and Extended Stay America in 2004. Blackstone followed these investments with the acquisition of La Quinta Inns & Suites in 2005. Blackstone's largest transaction, the buyout of Hilton Hotels Corporation occurred in 2007. Extended Stay Hotels was sold to The Lightstone Group in July 2007 and Prime Hospitality's Wellesley Inns were folded into La Quinta.[89] La Quinta Inns & Suites went public in 2014 and is now controlled by La Quinta Holdings as the parent organization.[90]
Buyout boom (2005–2007)[edit]
During the buyout boom of 2006 and 2007, Blackstone completed some of the largest leveraged buyouts. Blackstone's most notable transactions during this period included the following:


Investment
Year
Company Description
Ref.


TDC
2005
In December 2005, Blackstone together with a group of firms, including Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, Permira, Apax Partners and Providence Equity Partners, acquired Tele-Denmark Communications. The firms acquired the former telecom monopoly in Denmark, under the banner Nordic Telephone Company (NTC) for approximately $11 billion.
[91]


Equity Office
2006
Blackstone completes the $37.7 billion acquisition of one of the largest owners of commercial office properties in the US. At the time of its announcement, the Equity Office buyout became the largest in history, surpassing the buyout of HCA. It would later be surpassed by KKR's buyout of TXU. Vornado Realty Trust bid against Blackstone, pushing up the final price.
[92][93]


Freescale Semiconductor
2006
A consortium led by Blackstone and including the Carlyle Group, Permira and the TPG Capital completed the $17.6 billion takeover of the semiconductor company. At the time of its announcement, Freescale would be the largest leveraged buyout of a technology company ever, surpassing the 2005 buyout of SunGard. The buyers were forced to pay an extra $800 million because KKR made a last minute bid as the original deal was about to be signed. Shortly after the deal closed in late 2006, cell phone sales at Motorola Corp., Freescale's former corporate parent and a major customer, began dropping sharply. In addition, in the recession of 2008–2009, Freescale's chip sales to automakers fell off, and the company came under great financial strain.
[94][95]


Michaels
2006
Blackstone, together with Bain Capital, acquired Michaels, the largest arts and crafts retailer in North America in a $6.0 billion leveraged buyout in October 2006. Bain and Blackstone narrowly beat out Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and TPG Capital in an auction for the company.
[96]


Nielsen Holdings
2006
Blackstone together with AlpInvest Partners, Carlyle Group, Hellman & Friedman, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and Thomas H. Lee Partners acquired the global information and media company formerly known as VNU.
[97][98][99]


Orangina[100]
2006
Blackstone, together with Lion Capital acquired Orangina, the bottler, distributor and franchisor of a number of carbonated and other soft drinks in Europe from Cadbury Schweppes for €1.85 billion
[101]


Travelport
2006
Travelport, the parent of the travel web site Orbitz.com, was acquired from Cendant by Blackstone and Technology Crossover Ventures in a deal valued at $4.3 billion. The sale of Travelport followed the spin-offs of Cendant's real estate and hospitality businesses, Realogy Corporation and Wyndham Worldwide Corporation, respectively, in July 2006. (Later in the year, TPG and Silver Lake would acquire Travelport's chief competitor Sabre Holdings.) Soon after the Travelport buyout, Travelport spun off part of its subsidiary Orbitz Worldwide in an IPO and bought a Travelport competitor, Worldspan.
[102][103][104]


United Biscuits
2006
In October 2006 Blackstone, together with PAI Partners announced the acquisition of the British biscuit producer. The deal was completed in December 2006.
[105][106]


RGIS Inventory Specialists
2007
In March 2007, RGIS announced that Blackstone Group purchased a controlling interest in the company, the terms of the transaction were not disclosed.
[107]


Biomet
2007
Blackstone, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, TPG Capital and Goldman Sachs Capital Partners acquired the medical devices company for $11.6 billion.
[108]


Hilton Worldwide
2007
Blackstone acquired the premium hotel operator for approximately $26 billion, representing a 25% premium to Hilton's all-time high stock price. The Hilton deal, announced on July 3, 2007 is often referred to as the deal that marked the "high water mark" and the beginning of the end of the multi-year boom in leveraged buyouts. The company restructured its debt in 2010.
[109][110][111]


Initial public offering in 2007[edit]
In 2004, Blackstone had explored the possibility of creating a business development company (BDC), Blackridge Investments, similar to vehicles pursued by Apollo Management.[112] However, Blackstone failed to raise capital through an initial public offering that summer, and the project was shelved.[113] It also planned to raise a fund on the Amsterdam stock exchange in 2006, but its rival, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co., launched a $5 billion fund there that soaked up all demand for such funds, and Blackstone abandoned its project.[114]
By the summer of 2006, Blackstone had a more ambitious goal and secretly began laying the groundwork for an IPO of the firm itself, and managed to keep the project quiet for eight or nine months.[7][115] On March 22, 2007, Blackstone filed with the SEC[10] to raise $4 billion in an initial public offering. On June 3, 2007, Blackstone announced the acquisition of Alliant Insurance Services, Inc., one of the nation's largest insurance brokerage firms.[116] On June 21, Blackstone sold a 12.3% stake in its ownership for $4.13 billion in the largest U.S. IPO since 2002. Traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol BX, Blackstone priced at $31 per share on June 22, 2007.[8][117] In July 2007, less than two weeks after the Blackstone IPO, its rival private equity firm, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, filed with the SEC.[118] In October 2009, KKR listed its shares on the Euronext exchange and anticipates a listing on the New York Stock Exchange.[119]
2008 to 2010[edit]
Since the closure of the credit markets in 2007 and 2008, Blackstone has managed to close only a small number of sizable transactions. In January 2008, Blackstone made a small co-investment alongside TPG Capital and Apollo Management in their buyout of Harrah's Entertainment, although that transaction had been announced during the buyout boom period. Other notable investments that Blackstone completed in 2008 and 2009 included AlliedBarton, Performance Food Group,[120][121] Apria Healthcare and CMS Computers.
Among the firm's two largest investments since the buyout boom have been The Weather Channel and the announced acquisition of Busch Entertainment. In July 2008, Blackstone, together with NBC Universal and Bain Capital agreed to purchase The Weather Channel from Landmark Communications.[122][123] In October 2009, Anheuser-Busch InBev announced the sale of its Busch Entertainment Corporation theme parks division to Blackstone for $2.7 billion.[124][125] The Financial Times reported that Merlin Entertainments owned by Blackstone Group will file an IPO[126] in the 2nd quarter of 2010. Merlin will be listed on the London Stock Exchange. If true this would be the second of 8 reported IPOs Blackstone plans,[127] the first being Team Health Holdings, Inc.[128] Blackstone reported at the end of 2009 revenues of $1.8bln, compared to -$349mln revenues in 2008.[129] On August 13, 2010 Blackstone announced it would buy Dynegy, an energy firm, for nearly $5 billion.[130]
In 2010, Blackstone Alternative Asset Management, received Institutional Investor magazine's 8th Annual Hedge Fund Industry award for Large Fund of Hedge Funds of the Year.[131]
Investments since 2011[edit]

In February 2011 Blackstone Group LP acquired 588 malls of Centro's U.S. shopping centers for $9.4 billion. Centro's Australian continues their operation independently.[132]
In August 2011 Blackstone Group LP bought Medical-Biller Emdeon Inc. for around $3 billion. Since Blackstone Group LP was the world's biggest private-equity firm, tender offer of Emdeon Inc. public company should be done with a cash payment of $19 a share, a 44 percent premium.[133]
In late 2011 Blackstone Group LP acquired the German outdoor company Jack Wolfskin. Blackstone moved some of its accounting functions to India.
In 2012, Blackstone was part of a consortium that financed Knight Capital after a software glitch threatened Knight's ability to continue operations.
In October 2012, the Blackstone Group acquired G6 Hospitality better known as Motel 6 & Studio 6 motels for 1.9 billion.
In November 2012, the Blackstone Group acquired a controlling interest in Vivint, Vivint Solar, and 2GIG Technologies.[134]
In April 2013, the company confirmed that it backed out of the proposed Dell buyout.[135]
In September 2013, Blackstone announced a strategic investment in ThoughtFocus Technologies LLC, a leading IT Service provider. The investment will establish the 'Blackstone Center of Excellence', an IT outsourcing and offshore delivery center, to provide technology and other administrative service.[136]
In August 2013 Blackstone bought Strategic Partners, manager of secondaryfunds, from CreditSuisse, with which Blackstone is raising its 6th fund, targeting $4 billion.[137]
In February 2014, Blackstone purchased a 20 percent stake in the Italian luxury brand Versace for €150 million.[138][139]
In April 2014 Blackstone's charitable arm, the Blackstone Charitable Foundation, donated $4 million to create the Blackstone Entrepreneurs Network in Colorado. The program encourages increased collaboration among local business leaders with the goal of retaining high-growth companies in the state.[140]
In May 2014, Blackstone Group purchased the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas resort from Deutsche Bank for $1.73 billion.[141]
In August 2014, Blackstone Group was in advanced talks to acquire Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSA)'s 50 percent stake in a shale-gas field in Louisiana. Blackstone would pay about $1.2 billion for Shell’s half-interest in the Haynesville formation.[142]
In January 2015, Blackstone announced it would sell a Sydney-based office building to Dalian Wanda Group for around $327 million.[143]
In April 2015, Blackstone announced it would acquire Excel Trust Inc, a real estate investment trust, for around $2 billion.[144]
In October 2015, Blackstone agreed to purchase BioMed Realty Trust Inc for a sum of around $8 billion.[145]
In November 2015, Blackstone Group agreed to sell facility management firm GCA Services Group Inc to a consortium of Goldman Sachs’ private equity arm and Thomas H. Lee Partners.[146]
As of Q4 2015, the firm is in talks to sell of some of its trophy office assets in the Los Angeles market. Douglas Emmett Inc. is in advanced talks to purchase four buildings for more than $1 billion. The buildings total 1.7 million square feet and are located in the Westwood area.[147]
On February 10, 2017, Aon PLC agreed to sell its human resources outsourcing platform for $4.3 billion to Blackstone Group L.P., creating a new company.[148]
On June 19, 2017, Blackstone acquired the majority interest in The Office Group, valuing the whole company at $640 million.[149]

Self-dealing[edit]
In 2013, Bloomberg uncovered how the Blackstone Group was self-dealing after its affiliate GSO Capital Partners purchased debt and credit default swaps in Codere SA, a Spanish betting, online gambling and gaming company.[150]

In the first half of 2013, Blackstone GSO and another firm later purchased a €100 million bank loan (via secondary markets) that Codere already had on the books, and then convinced Codere to delay repayment on the debt related to the aforementioned credit default swaps. That delay triggered the CDS, resulting in upwards of $18.7 million in profit for GSO.[151]

The GSO director defended the move with "Codere (working with us...) had to trigger the credit default swaps, as it was the only way to compel certain bondholders to negotiate." and blamed credit default swap investors for their loss:

Unlike Blackstone, who invested directly into Codere, these financial investors [of hedge funds using credit default swaps] were not aligned with the interests of Codere, but instead through their use of credit default swaps, were betting on when the Company would default[...]having no interest in the outcome of the game.[151]

See also[edit]


Companies portal



List of outdoor industry parent companies
List of venture capital firms

References[edit]


^ Stephen Schwarzman speaks with Betty Liu and Erik Schatzke on "In the Loop" (April 16, 2015). Schwarzman Says Fundraising Environment Is 'Remarkable' (Television production). Bloomberg. Event occurs at 00:22 minutes in. Retrieved March 16, 2016. You've got assets now at three hundred billion dollars. 
^ "Blackstone Reports Third Quarter Results" (PDF). The Blackstone Group. January 31, 2013. Archived from the original (PDF) on October 30, 2014. 
^ a b Wiliam Alden (April 18, 2013). "Public Offering Values SeaWorld at $2.5 Billion". The New York Times. Retrieved April 19, 2013. 
^ "The Blackstone Group". The New York Times. Retrieved 12 January 2016. 
^ Kim, Soyoung (September 19, 2012). "Blackstone buys security firm Vivint for over $2 billion". Reuters. Retrieved 2013-03-23. 
^ a b Blackstone Group: Private Equity Archived February 4, 2009, at the Wayback Machine. (company website). See also: Blackstone Private Equity Investment by Transaction Size Archived January 17, 2009, at the Wayback Machine. (company website), Team (company website). Accessed 2009-02-20
^ a b c Blackstone Said to Prepare for I.P.O. New York Times, March 16, 2007
^ a b Anderson, Jenny. "Blackstone Founders Prepare to Count Their Billions." New York Times, June 12, 2007.
^ "Blackstone - Our Offices overview". Blackstone. 
^ a b c d e f g h i The Blackstone Group L.P., Form S-1, Securities And Exchange Commission, March 22, 2007
^ New bosses, new rules. Los Angeles Times, August 12, 2007
^ a b Data collected from Preqin, a private equity database system
^ a b A trash hauler is buying a much bigger rival, a type of deal that makes Wall Street a bit nervous. New York Times, March 9, 1999
^ Equity Firm Attracted to Attractions. New York Times, March 6, 2007
^ Blackstone Private Equity Investment by Transaction Size (company website). Accessed 2009-02-20 Archived January 17, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Kim, Soyoung; Roumeliotis, Greg (9 September 2012). "Blackstone buys security firm Vivint for over $2 billion". Reuters. Retrieved 4 January 2013. 
^ Blackstone Real Estate Overview. (company website). Accessed 2009-02-20 Archived January 6, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b "Blackstone amasses more capital for latest Europe RE pool". AltAssets. 20 December 2016. Retrieved 2016-12-20. 
^ Blackstone Real Estate Investment Portfolio ( at company website). Accessed 2009-02-20 Archived January 17, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Alex Hawkes "Blackstone denies blame for Southern Cross's plight" The Guardian, Thursday 2 June 2011
^ Nils Pratley "Was Southern Cross always sickly underneath?" The Guardian, Thursday 2 June 2011
^ Karmin, Craig (August 12, 2013). "Blackstone to Buy Stakes in Apartment Complexes From GE Unit". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Alden, William (December 8, 2014). "Blackstone to Sell California Office Buildings for $3.5 Billion". New York Times. Retrieved 2014-12-19. 
^ Blackstone to Buy GSO Capital. New York Times, January 10, 2008
^ Blackstone to Buy Hedge Fund to Strengthen Credit Operations. New York Times, January 11, 2008
^ a b Blackstone To Rationalize Single Manager Hedge Funds Businesses In Efficiency Move. Press Release, December 23, 2008
^ Schwarzman Unbowed. Bloomberg Markets, March 2009
^ Blackstone Financial Advisory: Selected Clients (company website). Accessed 2009-02-20 Archived February 16, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Moore, Heidi N. (December 12, 2008). "GM Hires Blackstone". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2008-12-12. 
^ "Blackstoin Restructuring & Reorganization: Selected Transactions". (Company website) Accessed 10/20/2012
^ Blackstone: Private Placement Advisory Overview (The Park Hill Group). Company website, Accessed 2009-02-20 Archived December 18, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Park Hill Group: About Us. Company website, Accessed 2011-1-26
^ Moyer, Liz. "Hitting A Brick Wall". Forbes. May 18, 2006.
^ a b "John Studzinski Joins Blackstone". The Blackstone Group. May 18, 2006.
^ Wachman, Richard. "Cracking the Studzinski code". The Observer. October 7, 2006.
^ John Studzinski CBE. FT Business of Luxury Summit, 30 May – 1 June 2012. Financial Times. 2012.
^ About John Studzinski. John Studzinski's blog.
^ "Blackstone to list advisory arm early 2015". Financial Times. October 2014.
^ Dezember, Ryan. "Blackstone Group to Spin Off Financial Advisory Business". Wall Street Journal. October 10, 2014.
^ Blackstone – History: 2014. Blackstone. Blackstone.com. Retrieved March 30, 2015.
^ Roumeliotis, Greg and Paritosh Bansal. "UPDATE 4-Blackstone gives up its roots in advisory unit spin-off". Reuters. October 10, 2014.
^ a b John Studzinski – Official profile, Blackstone.
^ "E.U. Estrangement Before The Divorce (a.k.a Volatility)". Fund Portfolio Management. January 23, 2015.
^ David Carey and John E. Morris, King of Capital: The Remarkable Rise, Fall and Rise Again of Steve Schwarzman and Blackstone (Crown 2010), pp. 45–56
^ Private equity power list: #1 The Blackstone Group. Fortune, July 2, 2007
^ Blackstone etymology. The Deal, June 26, 2007
^ Alden, William. "Blackstone's Chief Has a Warning for Wall Street's Entrepreneurs". DealBook. Retrieved 2017-01-27. 
^ Hutton-Shearson Deal Announced". New York Times, December 4, 1987.
^ "Hutton Sets Fees". New York Times, December 9, 1987
^ King of Capital, pp. 45-56
^ A Big Fund Ready to Capitalize on Hard Times. New York Times, November 13, 1987
^ "Mortgage Unit Leaders To Join Blackstone". New York Times, March 4, 1988
^ "Nikko Acquires 20% of Blackstone Group". New York Times, December 13, 1988
^ King of Capital, pp. 144–147
^ "Stockman Forming Own Buyout Concern". New York Times, September 17, 1999
^ "Stockman Is Charged With Fraud". New York Times, March 27, 2007
^ "Sony and CBS Records: What a Romance!". New York Times, September 18, 1988
^ "CNW Accepts Buyout Bid From Blackstone Group". New York Times, June 7, 1989
^ "2 Wall Street Firms Join To Buy Savings Units". New York Times, May 12, 1989
^ U.S. Mergers Firm Is Forming British Link. New York Times, April 23, 1990
^ Chairman Is Named For Blackstone Unit. New York Times, April 5, 1991
^ Prime to Sell Interest in Inns to Blackstone. New York Times, May 24, 1990
^ Blackstone Unit to Buy Days Inns. New York Times, October 1, 1991
^ Hospitality to Acquire Super 8 Motels. New York Times, February 17, 1993
^ The Loewen Group and Blackstone Capital Partners form corporate venture to acquire Prime Succession. Business Wire, June 17, 1996. Accessed 2009-02-20.
^ Loewen And Blackstone To Make Joint Purchase. New York Times, June 18, 1996
^ Loewen Buys Big Cemetery, And Its Suitor Criticizes Deal. New York Times, September 21, 1996
^ Blackstone Raises $4 Billion for Fund. New York Times, October 10, 1997
^ Red-Hot Revival in Real Estate; Overheating Is Feared With Surge in Vulture Investing. New York Times, November 6, 1997
^ A.I.G. Will Put $1.35 Billion Into Blackstone. New York Times, July 31, 1998
^ Blackstone to Form a New Financing Unit. New York Times, April 8, 1999
^ King of Capital, pp. 145-146
^ King of Capital, pp. 148–155
^ Cube, Christine (Nov 25, 2002). "Watergate Hotel For Sale". Washington Business Journal. 
^ Staff Report (Aug 19, 2004). "Monument Realty Buys Watergate Hotel". Commercial Real Estate Direct. 
^ "Blackstone Acquires Debt on 7 World Trade Center". Business Wire. October 17, 2000. 
^ Photographed at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland in January 2008.
^ Blackstone Amasses a Record Equity Fund. New York Times, July 17, 2002
^ Vivendi Finishes Sale of Houghton Mifflin To Investors. New York Times, January 1, 2003
^ Sender, Henny. "At Blackstone, James Builds A Following". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 23 March 2007. 
^ King of Capital, pp. 176, 197, 206-207
^ Blackstone Group May Purchase Auto Parts Business From TRW. New York Times, November 13, 2002
^ Blackstone Buys Majority Stake in Columbia House. New York Times, May 15, 2002
^ A Split-Up of Insurers of Bonds Is Considered. New York Times, February 16, 2008
^ King of Capital, p. 225
^ "Capital Firms Agree to Buy SunGard Data in Cash Deal." Bloomberg L.P., March 29, 2005
^ Do Too Many Cooks Spoil the Takeover Deal?. New York Times, April 3, 2005
^ The Blackstone Group to Acquire Prime Hospitality Corp. Press Release, August 18, 2004. Accessed 2009-02-20 Archived March 8, 2005, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Private-Equity Firm Sees Room for Value in Hotels. Wall Street Journal, August 17, 2005
^ http://ir.lq.com/Cache/1500058950.PDF?Y=&O=PDF&D=&FID=1500058950&T=&IID=4424891
^ Equity Firms Buy Danish Phone Company. New York Times, December 1, 2005
^ King of Capital, pp. 239–254
^ Blackstone's Bid for Equity Office Prevails New York Times, February 8, 2007
^ King of Capital, 231-235
^ Sorkin, Andrew Ross and Flynn, Laurie J. "Blackstone Alliance to Buy Chip Maker for $17.6 Billion." New York Times, September 16, 2006
^ Consortium Buys Michaels for $6 Billion. New York Times, July 1, 2006
^ VNU Shareholders Reject $8.9 Bln Offer From KKR Group. Bloomberg, March 8, 2006
^ Buyout Bid For Parent Of Nielsen. New York Times, January 17, 2006
^ VNU Agrees To Public Offer From Private Equity Group. Press Release, March 8, 2006
^ "Company News Headlines". NASDAQ.com. June 2, 2011. Retrieved 2013-01-29. 
^ Cadbury Sells Beverage Unit to Two Firms. New York Times, November 22, 2005
^ King of Capital, pp. 314-318
^ Sachdev, Ameet. " Orbitz travels to 4th owner: Blackstone Group to buy from Cendant.", Chicago Tribune, July 1, 2006. Accessed September 15, 2007.
^ Fineman, Josh. "Cendant to sell Orbitz to Blackstone for $4.3 Bln", Bloomberg.com, June 30, 2006. Accessed September 15, 2007.
^ Parkinson, Gary (October 26, 2006). "Private-equity companies snap up United Biscuits in a £1.6bn deal". The Independent. Retrieved 2007-04-12. 
^ "Blackstone and PAI complete purchase of UB" (Press release). United Biscuits. December 15, 2006. Archived from the original on September 27, 2007. Retrieved 2007-04-12. 
^ [1]. RGIS Press Release, March, 21st 2007
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Biomet Accepts Sweetened Takeover Offer." New York Times, June 8, 2007.
^ Blackstone to Buy Hilton Hotels for $26 Billion. New York Times, July 4, 2007
^ High-Water Mark. New York Times, July 4, 2008
^ King of Capital, pp. 299–300
^ Private Firms Use Closed-End Funds to Tap the Market. New York Times, April 17, 2004
^ Blackstone Group Postpones Fund Offering. New York Times, July 16, 2004
^ King of Capital, pp. 221–223
^ King of Capital, pp. 255–267
^ Alliant Insurance Services, Inc. to be acquired by Blackstone and Management, June 3, 2007 Archived March 4, 2016, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Sorkin, Andrew Ross and de la Merced, Michael J. "News Analysis Behind the Veil at Blackstone? Probably Another Veil." New York Times, March 19, 2007.
^ KKR & Co. L.P., Form S-1, Securities And Exchange Commission, July 3, 2007
^ KKR lists on Euronext; NYSE is next. Reuters, October 1, 2009[dead link]
^ Equity Firms Acquiring Food Supplier. Bloomberg, January 19, 2008
^ Blackstone, Wellspring to acquire Performance Food Group in $1.3bn deal. AltAssets, January 18, 2008 Archived June 11, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Michael J. de la Merced (July 7, 2008). "Weather Channel Is Sold to NBC and Equity Firms". New York Times. Retrieved 2008-09-17. 
^ Robert Marich. "The Weather Channel Sale Wraps". Broadcasting & Cable. Archived from the original on September 15, 2008. Retrieved 2008-09-26. 
^ Blackstone to buy A-B InBev's theme parks for $2.7 billion. MarketWatch, Oct. 7, 2009
^ InBev may sell US theme parks. Boston Globe, July 16, 2008[dead link]
^ "Blackstone's Merlin Entertainment to Go Public in '10, FT Says". Bloomberg. October 23, 2009. 
^ "Blackstone plans portfolio IPOs: source". Reuters. October 12, 2009. 
^ Wahba, Phil (October 6, 2009). "Blackstone-owned hospital staffing company files IPO". Reuters. 
^ Opalesque (26 February 2010). "Blackstone revenues in 2009 show strong bounce back from 2008". 
^ "Finance after the crisis: Survival of the richest". The Economist. The Economist Newspaper Limited. 396 (8696): 59. 21–27 August 2010. 
^ [2] Hedge Fund Industry Awards, The 8th Annual Hedge Fund Awards, Retrieved June 2011
^ Whitley, Angus; Saminather, Nichola (February 28, 2011). "Blackstone Said to Acquire Centro's U.S. Shopping Centers for $9.4 Billion". Bloomberg. 
^ Nussbaum, Alex; Kelly, Jason (August 4, 2011). "Blackstone Group Agrees to Acquire Medical-Biller Emdeon for $3 Billion". Bloomberg. 
^ De, Michael J. "The Blackstone Group News". New York Times. Retrieved 2013-01-29. 
^ Jolie O'Dell, VentureBeat. "Blackstone just backed out of its proposed Dell buyout." April 19, 2013. Retrieved on April 19, 2013.
^ Blackstone Announces Strategic Investment in ThoughtFocus Technologie. Wall Street Journal (2013-09-30). Retrieved on 2013-12-06.
^ Ryan, Dezember (April 24, 2014). "Bargain Bin Is Now Big Deal". WSJ. Retrieved 29 April 2014. 
^ Versace deal with Blackstone values group at 1 billion euros, Reuters, February 26, 2014
^ Zargani, Luisa (27 February 2014). "Versace Sells Minority Stake to Blackstone". Women's Wear Daily. Retrieved 27 February 2014. 
^ Vuong, Andy (April 20, 2014). "Blackstone grants $4 million to create Colorado entrepreneurs network". The Denver Post. Retrieved 22 April 2014. 
^ Arno Schuetze & Edward Taylor (May 15, 2014). "Deutsche Bank sells casino to Blackstone for $1.7 billion". Reuters. 
^ By David Carey, Bloomberg. "[3]." August 10, 2014. August 13, 2014.
^ Blackstone to sell prime Sydney property to Dalian Wanda for $327 million. Reuters, 26 January 2015
^ "Blackstone to buy Excel Trust for about $2 billion" (Press release). Reuters. 10 April 2015. 
^ "Blackstone to buy BioMed Realty in $8 billion deal". Reuters. 8 October 2015. 
^ "Blackstone to sell GCA Services to Thomas Lee, Goldman Sachs". Reuters. 16 November 2015. 
^ Brown, Eliot (24 November 2015). "Blackstone in Talks to Sell Four Los Angeles Office Towers". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2015-12-05. 
^ Jamerson, Joshua (February 10, 2017), Blackstone to Buy Aon’s Human Resources Outsourcing Platform for $4.3 Billion, New York City: The Wall Street Journal, retrieved February 12, 2017 
^ http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-officegroup-m-a-blackstone-idUKKBN19A1J4
^ Stephanie Ruhle; Mary Childs; Julie Miecamp (22 October 2013). "Blackstone Unit Wins in No-Lose Codere Trade: Corporate Finance". Bloomberg News. 
^ a b Dan Primack (5 December 2013). "Blackstone responds to Jon Stewart". finance.fortune.cnn.com. 




David Carey, John E. Morris (2010). King of Capital: The Remarkable Rise, Fall, and Rise Again of Steve Schwarzman and Blackstone.
The Making of a Wise Man. New York Times, November 28, 2004


External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


The Blackstone Group



Founders



Peter George Peterson
Stephen A. Schwarzman





Business Services



CMS Computers
RGIS
SunGard (minority shareholder)





Consumer/Retail



Michaels (Joint Control)
Performance Food Group
Pinnacle Foods
United Biscuits





Financial Services



BankUnited (minority stake)
HealthMarkets (minority stake)
FGIC (minority stake)





Healthcare



Biomet
Emcure Pharmaceuticals (investment)
Vanguard Health Systems





Industrial



Freescale (Joint Control)
Klöckner Pentaplast
TRW Automotive (Control)





Media/Telecommunications



eAccess (investment)
Nielsen Holdings (minority stake)
Axtel (minority stake)
Deutsche Telekom (minority stake)
TDC (minority stake)
The Weather Channel (minority stake)





Travel & Leisure



Hilton Worldwide
Center Parcs Europe (freehold)
Caesars Entertainment Corporation (minority stake)
Merlin Entertainments (minority stake)
SeaWorld Entertainment
Tragus Group
Travelport





Real estate



Extended Stay America (minority stake)
Equity Office
Luxury Resorts (LXR)
La Quinta Inns & Suites












v
t
e


Private equity and venture capital



Basic investment types



Buyout
Venture
Mezzanine
Growth
Secondaries
Equity co-investment








History



History of private equity and venture capital
Early history of private equity
Private equity in the 1980s
Private equity in the 1990s
Private equity in the 2000s





Terms and concepts





Buyout




Financial sponsor
Management buyout
Divisional buyout
Buy–sell agreement
Leveraged recapitalization
Dividend recapitalization






Venture




Angel investor
Business incubator
Post-money valuation
Pre-money valuation
Seed money
Startup company
Venture capital financing
Venture debt
Venture round






Structure




Private equity firms and funds
Limited partnership
Limited liability company
Carried interest
Management fee
Publicly traded private equity

Business Development Company
Venture capital trust


Private investment in public equity (PIPE)
Pledge fund








Investors



Corporations
Institutional investors
Pension funds
Insurance companies
Fund of funds
Endowments
Foundations
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Commercial banks
High-net-worth individuals
Family offices
Sovereign wealth funds
Crowdfunding





Related financial terms



AUM
Cap table
Capital call
Capital commitment
Capital structure
Distribution waterfall
EBITDA
Envy ratio
High-yield debt
IPO
IRR
Leverage
Liquidation preference
M&A
PME
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Undercapitalization
Vintage year








Private equity and venture capital investors
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Angel investors
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Largest private equity investment firms






3i Group
AAC Capital Partners
Advent International
AlpInvest Partners
American Capital
Apax Partners
Apollo Global Management
Ares Management
Bain Capital
BC Partners
Berkshire Partners
The Blackstone Group
Bridgepoint Capital
The Carlyle Group
CCMP Capital
Cerberus Capital Management
Charterhouse Capital Partners
Cinven
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice
CVC Capital Partners
Doughty Hanson & Co
EnCap Investments
EQT Partners
First Reserve Corporation
Fortress Investment Group
General Atlantic
Goldman Sachs Capital Partners
GTCR
Hellman & Friedman
H.I.G. Capital
JRK Property Holdings
KKR
Trilantic Capital Partners
Leonard Green & Partners
Madison Dearborn Partners
Nordic Capital
Oak Investment Partners
Oaktree Capital Management
Onex
Teachers' Private Capital
Pacific Equity Partners
PAI Partners
Permira
Providence Equity Partners
Sentinel Capital Partners
Silver Lake Partners
Summit Partners
Sun Capital Partners
TA Associates
Terra Firma Capital Partners
Thomas H. Lee Partners
TPG Capital
Warburg Pincus
Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe











Private equity
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List












v
t
e


The Weather Channel



Network information
and ownership



History
Landmark Communications (former)
NBCUniversal
Bain Capital
The Blackstone Group
List of meteorologists
International presence
Local on the 8s





Programs (list)





Live programs




AMHQ
PM Edition
Weather Center Live
Weather Geeks
Weather Underground
Weekend Recharge






Recorded programs




23.5° with Sam Champion
3 Scientists Walk Into a Bar
100 Biggest Weather Moments (2007 miniseries)
American Super/Natural
Fat Guys in the Woods
Highway Thru Hell
Natural Born Monsters
Prospectors
Raging Nature
Secrets of the Earth
So You Think You'd Survive?
Strangest Weather on Earth
Storm Stories
Tornado Alley
Weather Caught on Camera
Weather Gone Viral
Why Planes Crash








Weather Stars



III
4000
XL
IntelliStar





Related operations



Local Now
Weatherscan





Albums



The Best of Smooth Jazz
Smooth Jazz II










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=The_Blackstone_Group&oldid=788560248"					
Categories: Blackstone GroupCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies established in 1985Investment banks in the United StatesPrivate equity firms of the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2016Good articlesPages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2011All articles containing potentially dated statements 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


БългарскиCatalàDeutschEestiفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoLietuviųNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSuomiSvenskaTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 03:13.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









The Blackstone Group - Wikipedia






















 







The Blackstone Group

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Blackstone Group)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with BlackRock Inc, an investment management firm.

The Blackstone Group L.P.





Type

Master limited partnership


Traded as
NYSE: BX


Industry
Financial services


Founded
1985; 32 years ago (1985)


Founder
Peter George Peterson
Stephen A. Schwarzman


Headquarters
345 Park Avenue, Manhattan, New York City, New York, United States



Key people

Stephen A. Schwarzman
(Chairman and CEO)
Hamilton E. James
(President & COO)
J. Tomilson Hill
(Vice Chairman)
Jonathan D. Gray
(Global Head of Real estate)


Products
Private equity
Investment management
Asset management


Revenue
 US$ 7.484 billion (2014)



Net income

 US$ 1.584 billion (2014)


AUM
 US$ 311 billion (2015)[1][2]


Total assets
 US$ 31.510 billion (2014)



Number of employees

2,190 (2014)


Website
www.blackstone.com


The Blackstone Group L.P. is an American multinational private equity, alternative asset management and financial services firm based in New York City. As the largest alternative investment firm in the world,[3] Blackstone specializes in private equity, credit and hedge fund investment strategies.[4]
Blackstone's private equity business has been one of the largest investors in leveraged buyout transactions over the last decade, while its real estate business has actively acquired commercial real estate. Since its inception, Blackstone has completed investments in such notable companies as Hilton Worldwide, Merlin Entertainments Group, Performance Food Group, Equity Office Properties, Republic Services, AlliedBarton, United Biscuits, Freescale Semiconductor, Vivint,[5] and Travelport.[6]
Blackstone was founded in 1985 as a mergers and acquisitions boutique by Peter G. Peterson and Stephen A. Schwarzman, who had previously worked together at Lehman Brothers, Kuhn, Loeb Inc. Over the course of two decades, Blackstone has evolved into one of the world's largest private equity investment firms.[3] In 2007, Blackstone completed a $4 billion initial public offering to become one of the first major private equity firms to list shares in its management company on a public exchange.[7][8] Blackstone is headquartered at 345 Park Avenue in Manhattan, New York City, with eight additional offices in the United States, as well as offices in London, Paris, Düsseldorf, Sydney, Tokyo, Hong Kong, Singapore, Beijing, Shanghai, Madrid, Mumbai, and Dubai.[9]



Contents


1 Business segments

1.1 Corporate private equity
1.2 Real estate
1.3 Marketable alternative asset management
1.4 Financial advisory services


2 History

2.1 Founding and early history
2.2 1990s
2.3 Early 2000s
2.4 Buyout boom (2005–2007)
2.5 Initial public offering in 2007
2.6 2008 to 2010
2.7 Investments since 2011


3 Self-dealing
4 See also
5 References
6 External links



Business segments[edit]
Blackstone is organized into four business segments:[10]

Corporate private equity – Management of Blackstone's family of private equity funds investing in leveraged buyout transactions;
Investment Banking and Financial Advisory – Includes Blackstone's mergers and acquisitions advisory services, restructuring and reorganization advisory services, and fund placement services for alternative investment funds;
Marketable Alternative Asset Management – Management of Blackstone's funds of hedge funds, mezzanine funds, senior debt vehicles, and closed-end mutual funds;
Real Estate – Management of Blackstone's family of real estate investment funds.

Corporate private equity[edit]
As of 2011[update], Blackstone is the world's fifth-largest private equity firm by committed capital, focusing primarily on leveraged buyouts of more mature companies.[7] The firm also invests through minority investments, corporate partnerships, and industry consolidations, and occasionally, start-up investments in new entrants into existing industries. The firm focuses on friendly investments in large capitalization companies.[10]
Blackstone's private equity business employs approximately 120 investment employees in New York City; London; Menlo Park, California; Mumbai; Hong Kong; and Beijing.[6]
Historically, Blackstone has primarily relied on private equity funds, pools of committed capital from pension funds, insurance companies, endowments, fund of funds, high-net-worth individuals, sovereign wealth funds, and other institutional investors.[11] As of the end of 2008, Blackstone had completed fundraising for six funds with total investor commitments of over $36 billion, including five traditional private equity fund and a separate fund focusing on telecommunications investments.
Below is a summary of Blackstone's private equity funds raised from its inception through the beginning of 2009:[12]


Fund
Vintage
Year
Committed
Capital ($b)


Blackstone Capital Partners I
1987
$0.8


Blackstone Capital Partners II
1994
$1.27


Blackstone Capital Partners III
1997
$3.78


Blackstone Communications Partners I
2000
$2.02


Blackstone Capital Partners IV
2003
$6.45


Blackstone Capital Partners V
2006
$21.7


Blackstone Capital Partners VI
2010
$13.5


From 1987 to the time of its IPO filing in 2007, Blackstone invested approximately $20 billion in capital in 109 private equity transactions.[10]
Blackstone's most notable investments include Allied Waste,[13] AlliedBarton Security Services, Graham Packaging, Celanese, Nalco, HealthMarkets, Houghton Mifflin, American Axle, TRW Automotive, Catalent Pharma Solutions, Prime Hospitality, Legoland, Madame Tussauds,[14] Luxury Resorts (LXR), Pinnacle Foods, Hilton Hotels Corporation, Apria Healthcare, Travelport, The Weather Channel (United States) and The PortAventura Resort. In 2009 Blackstone purchased Busch Entertainment (comprising the Sea World Parks, Busch Garden Parks and the 2 water parks).[15]
In 2012, Blackstone acquired a controlling interest in Utah-based Vivint, Inc., a home automation, security, and energy company.[16]
Former notable investments include Universal Studios Parks, which was sold to Comcast.
Real estate[edit]
Blackstone began building its real estate investment business in 1992 with the acquisition of a series of hotel businesses and has built it into a global operation with 122 investment professionals in the United States, Europe and Asia. The real estate business has raised approximately $28 billion for a variety of fund vehicles, including six US-focused funds and three International opportunity funds. Blackstone also raised a real estate special situations fund focusing on non-controlling debt and equity investment opportunities. The special situations fund invests directly in real estate as well as private and publicly traded real estate-related securities.[10][17]
The following is a summary of Blackstone's real estate funds raised from inception through November 2009:[12]


Fund
Vintage
Year
Committed
Capital ($b)


Blackstone Real Estate Partners I
1994
$0.48


Blackstone Real Estate Partners II
1996
$1.3


Blackstone Real Estate Partners III
1999
$1.5


Blackstone Real Estate Partners International (Europe)
2001
€0.8


Blackstone Real Estate Partners IV
2003 (alt value 2004)[18]
$2.5 (alt value €6.7bn)[18]


Blackstone Real Estate Partners International (Europe) II
2006
€1.55


Blackstone Real Estate Partners V
2006
$5.25


Blackstone Real Estate Partners VI
2007
$10.9


Blackstone Real Estate Special Situations PE Fund
2008
$1.0


Blackstone Real Estate Partners Europe III
2009
€3.1


From 1987 through the time of its IPO filing in 2007, Blackstone invested more than $13 billion in 212 real estate transactions and is a major owner of real estate throughout the US and Europe.[10] Blackstone's most notable real estate investments have included Equity Office Properties, Hilton Hotels Corporation, Trizec Properties, Center Parcs UK, La Quinta Inns & Suites, Motel 6, Wyndham Worldwide, Southern Cross Healthcare and Vicinity Centres.[19]
The purchase and subsequent profitable IPO of Southern Cross led to controversy in the UK. Part of the purchase involved splitting the business into a property company, NHP, and a care home business, which Blackstone claimed would become "the leading company in the elderly care market". In May 2011, Southern Cross, now independent, was almost bankrupt, jeopardising 31,000 elderly residents in 750 care homes. It denied blame, although Blackstone was widely accused in the media for selling on the company with an unsustainable business model and crippled with an impossible sale and leaseback strategy.[20][21]
After the subprime mortgage crisis, Blackstone Group LP has bought more than $5.5 billion single-family homes for rent, to be sold when the prices rise.[22]
Blackstone has agreed to sell a selection of Northern California office buildings for the sum of $3.5 billion, in the latest sale of real estate by the firm.[23]
Marketable alternative asset management[edit]
Main article: GSO Capital Partners
In 1990, Blackstone created a fund of hedge funds business to manage the internal assets for Blackstone and its senior managers. Over the years, this business evolved into Blackstone's marketable alternative asset management segment, which was opened to institutional investors. Among the investments included in this segment are funds of hedge funds, mezzanine funds, senior debt vehicles, proprietary hedge funds and closed-end mutual funds.[10]
In March 2008, Blackstone acquired GSO Capital Partners, a credit-oriented alternative asset manager, for $620 million in cash and stock and up to $310 million through an earnout over the next five years based on certain earnings targets. The combination of Blackstone and GSO created one of the largest credit platforms in the alternative asset management business, with over $21 billion of total assets under management.[24] GSO was founded in 2005 by Bennett Goodman, Tripp Smith and Doug Ostrover. The GSO team had previously managed the leveraged finance businesses at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette and later Credit Suisse First Boston, after the acquisition of DLJ. Blackstone had existing relationships with the GSO team as an original investor in GSO's funds. Following the completion of the acquisition, Blackstone merged GSO's operations with its existing debt investment operations.[25][26]
Financial advisory services[edit]
Blackstone's financial advisory business is composed of three businesses:[10]

Corporate and Mergers and Acquisitions Advisory
Restructuring & Reorganization Advisory
Private Placement Advisory

Blackstone was founded by Peterson and Schwarzman in 1985 as a boutique investment banking firm that provides mergers and acquisitions advisory services. Among Blackstone's most notable corporate and mergers and acquisitions, advisory clients include Microsoft, Procter & Gamble, Verizon, Comcast, Sony and AIG.[27][28]
In 1991, with the collapse of the 1980s buyout boom, Blackstone began to offer advisory services in corporate restructurings as well. Blackstone's most notable restructuring clients have included General Motors[29] Xerox, Enron,[30] Bally Total Fitness and Global Crossing.
Blackstone's fund placement advisory group, The Park Hill Group, was formed in 2005 with a team of professionals from Atlantic-Pacific Capital and Credit Suisse. The group focuses on raising capital from institutional investors for private investment vehicles that invest in private equity, mezzanine, real estate, venture capital, and hedge funds.[31] Park Hill Group also provides secondary advisory services to investors seeking portfolio liquidity and unfunded commitment relief.[32]
In 2006 John Studzinski joined The Blackstone Group as the senior managing director in its investment and advisory group and as a member of the firm's executive committee.[33][34] He was recruited to oversee and develop Blackstone’s mergers-and-acquisitions advisory business, Blackstone Advisory Partners, in the United States and Europe, and to open an office in London.[34][35] His primary role as global head of Blackstone Advisory Partners was to oversee Blackstone's corporate M&A advisory services business in the U.S., and further develop the corporate M&A advisory business in Europe and Asia.[36][37] In early 2015, Blackstone began spinning off three of its divisions, including its M&A advisory group, to avoid any potential conflicts of interest with its primary private-equity business.[38][39][40] After assisting with the transition,[41] Studzinski became Vice Chairman of Investor Relations and Business Development at The Blackstone Group.[42][43] In this capacity, he holds responsibility for a number of sovereign and international institutional relationships, as well as ultra high-net-worth families outside the U.S.[42]
History[edit]


History of private equity
and venture capital


Early history


(Origins of modern private equity)


The 1980s


(Leveraged buyout boom)


The 1990s


(Leveraged buyout and the venture capital bubble)


The 2000s


(Dot-com bubble to the credit crunch)





v
t
e





Founding and early history[edit]
The Blackstone Group was founded in 1985 by Peter G. Peterson & Stephen A. Schwarzman and Richard Bennett with $400,000 in seed capital.[44][45] The founders named their firm "Blackstone", which was a cryptogram derived from the names of the two founders (Schwarzman and Peterson): "Schwarz" is German for "black"; "Peter", or "Petra" in Greek, means "stone" or "rock".[46] The two founders had previously worked together at Lehman Brothers, Kuhn, Loeb Inc. At Lehman, Schwarzman served as head of Lehman Brothers' global mergers and acquisitions business.[47] Prominent investment banker Roger C. Altman, another Lehman veteran, left his position as a managing director of Shearson Lehman Brothers to join Peterson and Schwarzman at Blackstone in 1987, but left in 1992 to join the Clinton Administration as Deputy Treasury Secretary.
Blackstone was originally formed as a mergers and acquisitions advisory boutique. Blackstone advised on the 1987 merger of investment banks E. F. Hutton & Co. and Shearson Lehman Brothers, collecting a $3.5 million fee.[48][49]




Blackstone co-founder Peter Peterson was former chairman of Lehman Brothers, Kuhn, Loeb Inc.


From the outset in 1985, Schwarzman and Peterson planned to enter the private equity business, but had difficulty in raising their first fund because neither had ever led a leveraged buyout.[50] Blackstone finalized fundraising for its first private equity fund in the aftermath of the October 1987 stock market crash. After two years of providing strictly advisory services, Blackstone decided to pursue a merchant banking model after its founders determined that many situations required an investment partner rather than just an advisor. The largest investors in the first fund included Prudential Insurance Company, Nikko Securities and the General Motors pension fund.[51]
Blackstone also ventured into other businesses, most notably investment management. In 1987 Blackstone entered into a 50–50 partnership with the founders of BlackRock, Larry Fink and Ralph Schlosstein. The two founders, who had previously run the mortgage-backed securities divisions at First Boston and Lehman Brothers Kuhn Loeb, respectively, initially joined Blackstone to manage an investment fund and provide advice to financial institutions. They also planned to use a Blackstone fund to invest in financial institutions and help build an asset management business specializing in fixed income investments.[10][52]
As the business grew, Japanese bank Nikko Securities acquired a 20% interest in Blackstone for a $100 million investment in 1988 (valuing the firm at $500 million). Nikko's investment allowed for a major expansion of the firm and its investment activities.[53] The growth firm also recruited politician and investment banker David Stockman from Salomon Brothers in 1988. Stockman led many key deals in his time at the firm, but had a mixed record with his investments.[54] He left Blackstone in 1999 to start his own private equity firm, Heartland Industrial Partners, based in Greenwich, Connecticut.[55][56]
The firm advised CBS Corporation on its 1988 sale of CBS Records to Sony to form what would become Sony Music Entertainment.[57] In June 1989, Blackstone acquired freight railroad operator, CNW Corporation.[58] That same year, Blackstone partnered with Salomon Brothers to raise $600 million to acquire distressed thrifts in the midst of the savings and loan crisis.[59]
1990s[edit]




The Blackstone Group logo in use prior to the firm's rebranding as simply Blackstone


As the 1990s began, Blackstone continued its growth and expansion into new businesses. In 1990, Blackstone launched its fund of hedge funds business, initially intended to manage investments for Blackstone senior management. Also in 1990, Blackstone extended its ambitions to Europe, forming a partnership with J. O. Hambro Magan in the UK and Indosuez in France. In 1991, Blackstone created its Europe unit to enhance the firm's presence internationally.[60][61]
In 1991, Blackstone launched its real estate investment business with the acquisition of a series of hotel businesses under the leadership of Henry Silverman. In 1990, Blackstone and Silverman acquired a 65% interest in Prime Motor Inn's Ramada and Howard Johnson franchises for $140 million, creating Hospitality Franchise Systems as a holding company.[62] In October 1991, Blackstone and Silverman added Days Inns of America for $250 million.[63] Then, in 1993, Hospitality Franchise Systems acquired Super 8 Motels for $125 million.[64] Silverman would ultimately leave Blackstone to serve as CEO of HFS, which would later become Cendant Corporation.
Blackstone made a number of notable investments in the early and mid-1990s, including Great Lakes Dredge and Dock Company (1991), Six Flags (1991), US Radio (1994), Centerplate (1995), MEGA Brands (1996). Also, in 1996, Blackstone partnered with the Loewen Group, the second largest funeral home and cemetery operator in North America, to acquire funeral home and cemetery businesses. The partnership's first acquisition was a $295 million buyout of Prime Succession from GTCR.[65][66][67]
Through the mid and late 1990s, Blackstone continued to grow. In 1997, Blackstone completed fundraising for its third private equity fund, with approximately $4 billion of investor commitments[68] and a $1.1 billion real estate investment fund.[69] In the following year, in 1998, Blackstone sold a 7% interest in its management company to AIG, replacing Nikko Securities as its largest investor and valuing Blackstone at $2.1 billion.[70] Then, in 1999, Blackstone launched its mezzanine capital business. Blackstone brought in five professionals, led by Howard Gellis from Nomura Holding America's Leveraged Capital Group to manage the business.[71]
Blackstone's investments in the late 1990s included AMF Group (1996), Haynes International (1997), American Axle (1997), Premcor (1997), CommNet Cellular (1998), Graham Packaging (1998), Centennial Communications (1999), Bresnan Communications (1999), PAETEC Holding Corp. (1999). Haynes and Republic Technologies International, a specialty steel maker in which Blackstone invested in 1996, both had problems and ultimately filed bankruptcy.[72]
Also, in 1997, Blackstone made its first investment in Allied Waste. Two years later, in 1999, Blackstone, together with Apollo Management provided capital for Allied Waste's acquisition of Browning-Ferris Industries in 1999 to create the second largest waste management company in the US. Blackstone's investment in Allied was one of its largest to that point in the firm's history.[13]
Its investments in telecommunications businesses—four cable TV systems in rural areas (TW Fanch 1 and 2, Bresnan Communications and Intermedia Partners IV) and a cell phone operator in the Rocky Mountain states (CommNet Cellular) were among the most successful of the era, generating $1.5 billion of profits for Blackstone's funds.[73]
Blackstone Real Estate Advisers, its real estate affiliate, bought the Watergate Complex in Washington D.C. in July 1998 for $39 million[74] and sold it to Monument Reality in August 2004.[75]
Early 2000s[edit]
Blackstone acquired the mortgage for 7 World Trade Center in October 2000 from the Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association.[76]




Schwarzman's Blackstone Group completed the first major IPO of a private equity firm in June 2007.[77]


In July 2002, Blackstone completed fundraising for a $6.45 billion private equity fund, Blackstone Capital Partners IV, the largest private equity fund ever raised to that point. More than $4 billion of the capital was raised by the end of 2001 and Blackstone was able to secure the remaining commitments despite adverse market conditions.[78]
With a significant amount of capital in its new fund, Blackstone was one of a handful of private equity investors capable of completing large transactions in the adverse conditions of the early 2000s recession. At the end of 2002, Blackstone, together with Thomas H. Lee Partners and Bain Capital, acquired Houghton Mifflin Company for $1.28 billion. The transaction represented one of the first large club deals, completed since the collapse of the Dot-com bubble.[79]
In 2002, Hamilton E. James joined global alternative asset manager Blackstone, where he currently serves as president and chief operating officer. He also serves on the firm's executive and management committees, and its board of directors.[80] In late 2002, Blackstone remained active acquiring TRW Automotive in a $4.7 billion buyout, the largest private equity deal announced that year (the deal was completed in early 2003). TRW's parent was acquired by Northrop Grumman, while Blackstone purchased its automotive parts business, a major supplier of automotive systems.[81][82] Blackstone also purchased a majority interest in Columbia House, a music buying club, in mid-2002.[83]
Blackstone made a significant investment in Financial Guaranty Insurance Company (FGIC), a monoline bond insurer alongside PMI Group, The Cypress Group and CIVC Partners. FGIC incurred heavy losses, along with other bond insurers in the 2008 credit crisis.[84]
Two years later, in 2005, Blackstone was one of seven private equity firms involved in the buyout of SunGard in a transaction valued at $11.3 billion. Blackstone's partners in the acquisition were Silver Lake Partners, Bain Capital, Goldman Sachs Capital Partners, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, Providence Equity Partners, and TPG Capital. This represented the largest leveraged buyout completed since the takeover of RJR Nabisco at the end of the 1980s leveraged buyout boom. Also, at the time of its announcement, SunGard would be the largest buyout of a technology company in history, a distinction it would cede to the buyout of Freescale Semiconductor. The SunGard transaction is also notable in the number of firms involved in the transaction, the largest club deal completed to that point.[85] The involvement of seven firms in the consortium was criticized by investors in private equity who considered cross-holdings among firms to be generally unattractive.[86][87]
In 2006, Blackstone launched its new long / short equity hedge fund business, Kailix Advisors. According to Blackstone, as of September 30, 2008, Kailix Advisors had $1.9 billion of assets under management. In December 2008, Blackstone announced that Kailix would be spun off to its management team to form a new fund as an independent entity backed by Blackstone.[26]
While Blackstone was active on the corporate investment side, it was also busy pursuing real estate investments. Blackstone acquired Prime Hospitality[88] and Extended Stay America in 2004. Blackstone followed these investments with the acquisition of La Quinta Inns & Suites in 2005. Blackstone's largest transaction, the buyout of Hilton Hotels Corporation occurred in 2007. Extended Stay Hotels was sold to The Lightstone Group in July 2007 and Prime Hospitality's Wellesley Inns were folded into La Quinta.[89] La Quinta Inns & Suites went public in 2014 and is now controlled by La Quinta Holdings as the parent organization.[90]
Buyout boom (2005–2007)[edit]
During the buyout boom of 2006 and 2007, Blackstone completed some of the largest leveraged buyouts. Blackstone's most notable transactions during this period included the following:


Investment
Year
Company Description
Ref.


TDC
2005
In December 2005, Blackstone together with a group of firms, including Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, Permira, Apax Partners and Providence Equity Partners, acquired Tele-Denmark Communications. The firms acquired the former telecom monopoly in Denmark, under the banner Nordic Telephone Company (NTC) for approximately $11 billion.
[91]


Equity Office
2006
Blackstone completes the $37.7 billion acquisition of one of the largest owners of commercial office properties in the US. At the time of its announcement, the Equity Office buyout became the largest in history, surpassing the buyout of HCA. It would later be surpassed by KKR's buyout of TXU. Vornado Realty Trust bid against Blackstone, pushing up the final price.
[92][93]


Freescale Semiconductor
2006
A consortium led by Blackstone and including the Carlyle Group, Permira and the TPG Capital completed the $17.6 billion takeover of the semiconductor company. At the time of its announcement, Freescale would be the largest leveraged buyout of a technology company ever, surpassing the 2005 buyout of SunGard. The buyers were forced to pay an extra $800 million because KKR made a last minute bid as the original deal was about to be signed. Shortly after the deal closed in late 2006, cell phone sales at Motorola Corp., Freescale's former corporate parent and a major customer, began dropping sharply. In addition, in the recession of 2008–2009, Freescale's chip sales to automakers fell off, and the company came under great financial strain.
[94][95]


Michaels
2006
Blackstone, together with Bain Capital, acquired Michaels, the largest arts and crafts retailer in North America in a $6.0 billion leveraged buyout in October 2006. Bain and Blackstone narrowly beat out Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and TPG Capital in an auction for the company.
[96]


Nielsen Holdings
2006
Blackstone together with AlpInvest Partners, Carlyle Group, Hellman & Friedman, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and Thomas H. Lee Partners acquired the global information and media company formerly known as VNU.
[97][98][99]


Orangina[100]
2006
Blackstone, together with Lion Capital acquired Orangina, the bottler, distributor and franchisor of a number of carbonated and other soft drinks in Europe from Cadbury Schweppes for €1.85 billion
[101]


Travelport
2006
Travelport, the parent of the travel web site Orbitz.com, was acquired from Cendant by Blackstone and Technology Crossover Ventures in a deal valued at $4.3 billion. The sale of Travelport followed the spin-offs of Cendant's real estate and hospitality businesses, Realogy Corporation and Wyndham Worldwide Corporation, respectively, in July 2006. (Later in the year, TPG and Silver Lake would acquire Travelport's chief competitor Sabre Holdings.) Soon after the Travelport buyout, Travelport spun off part of its subsidiary Orbitz Worldwide in an IPO and bought a Travelport competitor, Worldspan.
[102][103][104]


United Biscuits
2006
In October 2006 Blackstone, together with PAI Partners announced the acquisition of the British biscuit producer. The deal was completed in December 2006.
[105][106]


RGIS Inventory Specialists
2007
In March 2007, RGIS announced that Blackstone Group purchased a controlling interest in the company, the terms of the transaction were not disclosed.
[107]


Biomet
2007
Blackstone, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, TPG Capital and Goldman Sachs Capital Partners acquired the medical devices company for $11.6 billion.
[108]


Hilton Worldwide
2007
Blackstone acquired the premium hotel operator for approximately $26 billion, representing a 25% premium to Hilton's all-time high stock price. The Hilton deal, announced on July 3, 2007 is often referred to as the deal that marked the "high water mark" and the beginning of the end of the multi-year boom in leveraged buyouts. The company restructured its debt in 2010.
[109][110][111]


Initial public offering in 2007[edit]
In 2004, Blackstone had explored the possibility of creating a business development company (BDC), Blackridge Investments, similar to vehicles pursued by Apollo Management.[112] However, Blackstone failed to raise capital through an initial public offering that summer, and the project was shelved.[113] It also planned to raise a fund on the Amsterdam stock exchange in 2006, but its rival, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co., launched a $5 billion fund there that soaked up all demand for such funds, and Blackstone abandoned its project.[114]
By the summer of 2006, Blackstone had a more ambitious goal and secretly began laying the groundwork for an IPO of the firm itself, and managed to keep the project quiet for eight or nine months.[7][115] On March 22, 2007, Blackstone filed with the SEC[10] to raise $4 billion in an initial public offering. On June 3, 2007, Blackstone announced the acquisition of Alliant Insurance Services, Inc., one of the nation's largest insurance brokerage firms.[116] On June 21, Blackstone sold a 12.3% stake in its ownership for $4.13 billion in the largest U.S. IPO since 2002. Traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol BX, Blackstone priced at $31 per share on June 22, 2007.[8][117] In July 2007, less than two weeks after the Blackstone IPO, its rival private equity firm, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, filed with the SEC.[118] In October 2009, KKR listed its shares on the Euronext exchange and anticipates a listing on the New York Stock Exchange.[119]
2008 to 2010[edit]
Since the closure of the credit markets in 2007 and 2008, Blackstone has managed to close only a small number of sizable transactions. In January 2008, Blackstone made a small co-investment alongside TPG Capital and Apollo Management in their buyout of Harrah's Entertainment, although that transaction had been announced during the buyout boom period. Other notable investments that Blackstone completed in 2008 and 2009 included AlliedBarton, Performance Food Group,[120][121] Apria Healthcare and CMS Computers.
Among the firm's two largest investments since the buyout boom have been The Weather Channel and the announced acquisition of Busch Entertainment. In July 2008, Blackstone, together with NBC Universal and Bain Capital agreed to purchase The Weather Channel from Landmark Communications.[122][123] In October 2009, Anheuser-Busch InBev announced the sale of its Busch Entertainment Corporation theme parks division to Blackstone for $2.7 billion.[124][125] The Financial Times reported that Merlin Entertainments owned by Blackstone Group will file an IPO[126] in the 2nd quarter of 2010. Merlin will be listed on the London Stock Exchange. If true this would be the second of 8 reported IPOs Blackstone plans,[127] the first being Team Health Holdings, Inc.[128] Blackstone reported at the end of 2009 revenues of $1.8bln, compared to -$349mln revenues in 2008.[129] On August 13, 2010 Blackstone announced it would buy Dynegy, an energy firm, for nearly $5 billion.[130]
In 2010, Blackstone Alternative Asset Management, received Institutional Investor magazine's 8th Annual Hedge Fund Industry award for Large Fund of Hedge Funds of the Year.[131]
Investments since 2011[edit]

In February 2011 Blackstone Group LP acquired 588 malls of Centro's U.S. shopping centers for $9.4 billion. Centro's Australian continues their operation independently.[132]
In August 2011 Blackstone Group LP bought Medical-Biller Emdeon Inc. for around $3 billion. Since Blackstone Group LP was the world's biggest private-equity firm, tender offer of Emdeon Inc. public company should be done with a cash payment of $19 a share, a 44 percent premium.[133]
In late 2011 Blackstone Group LP acquired the German outdoor company Jack Wolfskin. Blackstone moved some of its accounting functions to India.
In 2012, Blackstone was part of a consortium that financed Knight Capital after a software glitch threatened Knight's ability to continue operations.
In October 2012, the Blackstone Group acquired G6 Hospitality better known as Motel 6 & Studio 6 motels for 1.9 billion.
In November 2012, the Blackstone Group acquired a controlling interest in Vivint, Vivint Solar, and 2GIG Technologies.[134]
In April 2013, the company confirmed that it backed out of the proposed Dell buyout.[135]
In September 2013, Blackstone announced a strategic investment in ThoughtFocus Technologies LLC, a leading IT Service provider. The investment will establish the 'Blackstone Center of Excellence', an IT outsourcing and offshore delivery center, to provide technology and other administrative service.[136]
In August 2013 Blackstone bought Strategic Partners, manager of secondaryfunds, from CreditSuisse, with which Blackstone is raising its 6th fund, targeting $4 billion.[137]
In February 2014, Blackstone purchased a 20 percent stake in the Italian luxury brand Versace for €150 million.[138][139]
In April 2014 Blackstone's charitable arm, the Blackstone Charitable Foundation, donated $4 million to create the Blackstone Entrepreneurs Network in Colorado. The program encourages increased collaboration among local business leaders with the goal of retaining high-growth companies in the state.[140]
In May 2014, Blackstone Group purchased the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas resort from Deutsche Bank for $1.73 billion.[141]
In August 2014, Blackstone Group was in advanced talks to acquire Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSA)'s 50 percent stake in a shale-gas field in Louisiana. Blackstone would pay about $1.2 billion for Shell’s half-interest in the Haynesville formation.[142]
In January 2015, Blackstone announced it would sell a Sydney-based office building to Dalian Wanda Group for around $327 million.[143]
In April 2015, Blackstone announced it would acquire Excel Trust Inc, a real estate investment trust, for around $2 billion.[144]
In October 2015, Blackstone agreed to purchase BioMed Realty Trust Inc for a sum of around $8 billion.[145]
In November 2015, Blackstone Group agreed to sell facility management firm GCA Services Group Inc to a consortium of Goldman Sachs’ private equity arm and Thomas H. Lee Partners.[146]
As of Q4 2015, the firm is in talks to sell of some of its trophy office assets in the Los Angeles market. Douglas Emmett Inc. is in advanced talks to purchase four buildings for more than $1 billion. The buildings total 1.7 million square feet and are located in the Westwood area.[147]
On February 10, 2017, Aon PLC agreed to sell its human resources outsourcing platform for $4.3 billion to Blackstone Group L.P., creating a new company.[148]
On June 19, 2017, Blackstone acquired the majority interest in The Office Group, valuing the whole company at $640 million.[149]

Self-dealing[edit]
In 2013, Bloomberg uncovered how the Blackstone Group was self-dealing after its affiliate GSO Capital Partners purchased debt and credit default swaps in Codere SA, a Spanish betting, online gambling and gaming company.[150]

In the first half of 2013, Blackstone GSO and another firm later purchased a €100 million bank loan (via secondary markets) that Codere already had on the books, and then convinced Codere to delay repayment on the debt related to the aforementioned credit default swaps. That delay triggered the CDS, resulting in upwards of $18.7 million in profit for GSO.[151]

The GSO director defended the move with "Codere (working with us...) had to trigger the credit default swaps, as it was the only way to compel certain bondholders to negotiate." and blamed credit default swap investors for their loss:

Unlike Blackstone, who invested directly into Codere, these financial investors [of hedge funds using credit default swaps] were not aligned with the interests of Codere, but instead through their use of credit default swaps, were betting on when the Company would default[...]having no interest in the outcome of the game.[151]

See also[edit]


Companies portal



List of outdoor industry parent companies
List of venture capital firms

References[edit]


^ Stephen Schwarzman speaks with Betty Liu and Erik Schatzke on "In the Loop" (April 16, 2015). Schwarzman Says Fundraising Environment Is 'Remarkable' (Television production). Bloomberg. Event occurs at 00:22 minutes in. Retrieved March 16, 2016. You've got assets now at three hundred billion dollars. 
^ "Blackstone Reports Third Quarter Results" (PDF). The Blackstone Group. January 31, 2013. Archived from the original (PDF) on October 30, 2014. 
^ a b Wiliam Alden (April 18, 2013). "Public Offering Values SeaWorld at $2.5 Billion". The New York Times. Retrieved April 19, 2013. 
^ "The Blackstone Group". The New York Times. Retrieved 12 January 2016. 
^ Kim, Soyoung (September 19, 2012). "Blackstone buys security firm Vivint for over $2 billion". Reuters. Retrieved 2013-03-23. 
^ a b Blackstone Group: Private Equity Archived February 4, 2009, at the Wayback Machine. (company website). See also: Blackstone Private Equity Investment by Transaction Size Archived January 17, 2009, at the Wayback Machine. (company website), Team (company website). Accessed 2009-02-20
^ a b c Blackstone Said to Prepare for I.P.O. New York Times, March 16, 2007
^ a b Anderson, Jenny. "Blackstone Founders Prepare to Count Their Billions." New York Times, June 12, 2007.
^ "Blackstone - Our Offices overview". Blackstone. 
^ a b c d e f g h i The Blackstone Group L.P., Form S-1, Securities And Exchange Commission, March 22, 2007
^ New bosses, new rules. Los Angeles Times, August 12, 2007
^ a b Data collected from Preqin, a private equity database system
^ a b A trash hauler is buying a much bigger rival, a type of deal that makes Wall Street a bit nervous. New York Times, March 9, 1999
^ Equity Firm Attracted to Attractions. New York Times, March 6, 2007
^ Blackstone Private Equity Investment by Transaction Size (company website). Accessed 2009-02-20 Archived January 17, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Kim, Soyoung; Roumeliotis, Greg (9 September 2012). "Blackstone buys security firm Vivint for over $2 billion". Reuters. Retrieved 4 January 2013. 
^ Blackstone Real Estate Overview. (company website). Accessed 2009-02-20 Archived January 6, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b "Blackstone amasses more capital for latest Europe RE pool". AltAssets. 20 December 2016. Retrieved 2016-12-20. 
^ Blackstone Real Estate Investment Portfolio ( at company website). Accessed 2009-02-20 Archived January 17, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Alex Hawkes "Blackstone denies blame for Southern Cross's plight" The Guardian, Thursday 2 June 2011
^ Nils Pratley "Was Southern Cross always sickly underneath?" The Guardian, Thursday 2 June 2011
^ Karmin, Craig (August 12, 2013). "Blackstone to Buy Stakes in Apartment Complexes From GE Unit". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Alden, William (December 8, 2014). "Blackstone to Sell California Office Buildings for $3.5 Billion". New York Times. Retrieved 2014-12-19. 
^ Blackstone to Buy GSO Capital. New York Times, January 10, 2008
^ Blackstone to Buy Hedge Fund to Strengthen Credit Operations. New York Times, January 11, 2008
^ a b Blackstone To Rationalize Single Manager Hedge Funds Businesses In Efficiency Move. Press Release, December 23, 2008
^ Schwarzman Unbowed. Bloomberg Markets, March 2009
^ Blackstone Financial Advisory: Selected Clients (company website). Accessed 2009-02-20 Archived February 16, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Moore, Heidi N. (December 12, 2008). "GM Hires Blackstone". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2008-12-12. 
^ "Blackstoin Restructuring & Reorganization: Selected Transactions". (Company website) Accessed 10/20/2012
^ Blackstone: Private Placement Advisory Overview (The Park Hill Group). Company website, Accessed 2009-02-20 Archived December 18, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Park Hill Group: About Us. Company website, Accessed 2011-1-26
^ Moyer, Liz. "Hitting A Brick Wall". Forbes. May 18, 2006.
^ a b "John Studzinski Joins Blackstone". The Blackstone Group. May 18, 2006.
^ Wachman, Richard. "Cracking the Studzinski code". The Observer. October 7, 2006.
^ John Studzinski CBE. FT Business of Luxury Summit, 30 May – 1 June 2012. Financial Times. 2012.
^ About John Studzinski. John Studzinski's blog.
^ "Blackstone to list advisory arm early 2015". Financial Times. October 2014.
^ Dezember, Ryan. "Blackstone Group to Spin Off Financial Advisory Business". Wall Street Journal. October 10, 2014.
^ Blackstone – History: 2014. Blackstone. Blackstone.com. Retrieved March 30, 2015.
^ Roumeliotis, Greg and Paritosh Bansal. "UPDATE 4-Blackstone gives up its roots in advisory unit spin-off". Reuters. October 10, 2014.
^ a b John Studzinski – Official profile, Blackstone.
^ "E.U. Estrangement Before The Divorce (a.k.a Volatility)". Fund Portfolio Management. January 23, 2015.
^ David Carey and John E. Morris, King of Capital: The Remarkable Rise, Fall and Rise Again of Steve Schwarzman and Blackstone (Crown 2010), pp. 45–56
^ Private equity power list: #1 The Blackstone Group. Fortune, July 2, 2007
^ Blackstone etymology. The Deal, June 26, 2007
^ Alden, William. "Blackstone's Chief Has a Warning for Wall Street's Entrepreneurs". DealBook. Retrieved 2017-01-27. 
^ Hutton-Shearson Deal Announced". New York Times, December 4, 1987.
^ "Hutton Sets Fees". New York Times, December 9, 1987
^ King of Capital, pp. 45-56
^ A Big Fund Ready to Capitalize on Hard Times. New York Times, November 13, 1987
^ "Mortgage Unit Leaders To Join Blackstone". New York Times, March 4, 1988
^ "Nikko Acquires 20% of Blackstone Group". New York Times, December 13, 1988
^ King of Capital, pp. 144–147
^ "Stockman Forming Own Buyout Concern". New York Times, September 17, 1999
^ "Stockman Is Charged With Fraud". New York Times, March 27, 2007
^ "Sony and CBS Records: What a Romance!". New York Times, September 18, 1988
^ "CNW Accepts Buyout Bid From Blackstone Group". New York Times, June 7, 1989
^ "2 Wall Street Firms Join To Buy Savings Units". New York Times, May 12, 1989
^ U.S. Mergers Firm Is Forming British Link. New York Times, April 23, 1990
^ Chairman Is Named For Blackstone Unit. New York Times, April 5, 1991
^ Prime to Sell Interest in Inns to Blackstone. New York Times, May 24, 1990
^ Blackstone Unit to Buy Days Inns. New York Times, October 1, 1991
^ Hospitality to Acquire Super 8 Motels. New York Times, February 17, 1993
^ The Loewen Group and Blackstone Capital Partners form corporate venture to acquire Prime Succession. Business Wire, June 17, 1996. Accessed 2009-02-20.
^ Loewen And Blackstone To Make Joint Purchase. New York Times, June 18, 1996
^ Loewen Buys Big Cemetery, And Its Suitor Criticizes Deal. New York Times, September 21, 1996
^ Blackstone Raises $4 Billion for Fund. New York Times, October 10, 1997
^ Red-Hot Revival in Real Estate; Overheating Is Feared With Surge in Vulture Investing. New York Times, November 6, 1997
^ A.I.G. Will Put $1.35 Billion Into Blackstone. New York Times, July 31, 1998
^ Blackstone to Form a New Financing Unit. New York Times, April 8, 1999
^ King of Capital, pp. 145-146
^ King of Capital, pp. 148–155
^ Cube, Christine (Nov 25, 2002). "Watergate Hotel For Sale". Washington Business Journal. 
^ Staff Report (Aug 19, 2004). "Monument Realty Buys Watergate Hotel". Commercial Real Estate Direct. 
^ "Blackstone Acquires Debt on 7 World Trade Center". Business Wire. October 17, 2000. 
^ Photographed at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland in January 2008.
^ Blackstone Amasses a Record Equity Fund. New York Times, July 17, 2002
^ Vivendi Finishes Sale of Houghton Mifflin To Investors. New York Times, January 1, 2003
^ Sender, Henny. "At Blackstone, James Builds A Following". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 23 March 2007. 
^ King of Capital, pp. 176, 197, 206-207
^ Blackstone Group May Purchase Auto Parts Business From TRW. New York Times, November 13, 2002
^ Blackstone Buys Majority Stake in Columbia House. New York Times, May 15, 2002
^ A Split-Up of Insurers of Bonds Is Considered. New York Times, February 16, 2008
^ King of Capital, p. 225
^ "Capital Firms Agree to Buy SunGard Data in Cash Deal." Bloomberg L.P., March 29, 2005
^ Do Too Many Cooks Spoil the Takeover Deal?. New York Times, April 3, 2005
^ The Blackstone Group to Acquire Prime Hospitality Corp. Press Release, August 18, 2004. Accessed 2009-02-20 Archived March 8, 2005, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Private-Equity Firm Sees Room for Value in Hotels. Wall Street Journal, August 17, 2005
^ http://ir.lq.com/Cache/1500058950.PDF?Y=&O=PDF&D=&FID=1500058950&T=&IID=4424891
^ Equity Firms Buy Danish Phone Company. New York Times, December 1, 2005
^ King of Capital, pp. 239–254
^ Blackstone's Bid for Equity Office Prevails New York Times, February 8, 2007
^ King of Capital, 231-235
^ Sorkin, Andrew Ross and Flynn, Laurie J. "Blackstone Alliance to Buy Chip Maker for $17.6 Billion." New York Times, September 16, 2006
^ Consortium Buys Michaels for $6 Billion. New York Times, July 1, 2006
^ VNU Shareholders Reject $8.9 Bln Offer From KKR Group. Bloomberg, March 8, 2006
^ Buyout Bid For Parent Of Nielsen. New York Times, January 17, 2006
^ VNU Agrees To Public Offer From Private Equity Group. Press Release, March 8, 2006
^ "Company News Headlines". NASDAQ.com. June 2, 2011. Retrieved 2013-01-29. 
^ Cadbury Sells Beverage Unit to Two Firms. New York Times, November 22, 2005
^ King of Capital, pp. 314-318
^ Sachdev, Ameet. " Orbitz travels to 4th owner: Blackstone Group to buy from Cendant.", Chicago Tribune, July 1, 2006. Accessed September 15, 2007.
^ Fineman, Josh. "Cendant to sell Orbitz to Blackstone for $4.3 Bln", Bloomberg.com, June 30, 2006. Accessed September 15, 2007.
^ Parkinson, Gary (October 26, 2006). "Private-equity companies snap up United Biscuits in a £1.6bn deal". The Independent. Retrieved 2007-04-12. 
^ "Blackstone and PAI complete purchase of UB" (Press release). United Biscuits. December 15, 2006. Archived from the original on September 27, 2007. Retrieved 2007-04-12. 
^ [1]. RGIS Press Release, March, 21st 2007
^ de la Merced, Michael J. "Biomet Accepts Sweetened Takeover Offer." New York Times, June 8, 2007.
^ Blackstone to Buy Hilton Hotels for $26 Billion. New York Times, July 4, 2007
^ High-Water Mark. New York Times, July 4, 2008
^ King of Capital, pp. 299–300
^ Private Firms Use Closed-End Funds to Tap the Market. New York Times, April 17, 2004
^ Blackstone Group Postpones Fund Offering. New York Times, July 16, 2004
^ King of Capital, pp. 221–223
^ King of Capital, pp. 255–267
^ Alliant Insurance Services, Inc. to be acquired by Blackstone and Management, June 3, 2007 Archived March 4, 2016, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Sorkin, Andrew Ross and de la Merced, Michael J. "News Analysis Behind the Veil at Blackstone? Probably Another Veil." New York Times, March 19, 2007.
^ KKR & Co. L.P., Form S-1, Securities And Exchange Commission, July 3, 2007
^ KKR lists on Euronext; NYSE is next. Reuters, October 1, 2009[dead link]
^ Equity Firms Acquiring Food Supplier. Bloomberg, January 19, 2008
^ Blackstone, Wellspring to acquire Performance Food Group in $1.3bn deal. AltAssets, January 18, 2008 Archived June 11, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Michael J. de la Merced (July 7, 2008). "Weather Channel Is Sold to NBC and Equity Firms". New York Times. Retrieved 2008-09-17. 
^ Robert Marich. "The Weather Channel Sale Wraps". Broadcasting & Cable. Archived from the original on September 15, 2008. Retrieved 2008-09-26. 
^ Blackstone to buy A-B InBev's theme parks for $2.7 billion. MarketWatch, Oct. 7, 2009
^ InBev may sell US theme parks. Boston Globe, July 16, 2008[dead link]
^ "Blackstone's Merlin Entertainment to Go Public in '10, FT Says". Bloomberg. October 23, 2009. 
^ "Blackstone plans portfolio IPOs: source". Reuters. October 12, 2009. 
^ Wahba, Phil (October 6, 2009). "Blackstone-owned hospital staffing company files IPO". Reuters. 
^ Opalesque (26 February 2010). "Blackstone revenues in 2009 show strong bounce back from 2008". 
^ "Finance after the crisis: Survival of the richest". The Economist. The Economist Newspaper Limited. 396 (8696): 59. 21–27 August 2010. 
^ [2] Hedge Fund Industry Awards, The 8th Annual Hedge Fund Awards, Retrieved June 2011
^ Whitley, Angus; Saminather, Nichola (February 28, 2011). "Blackstone Said to Acquire Centro's U.S. Shopping Centers for $9.4 Billion". Bloomberg. 
^ Nussbaum, Alex; Kelly, Jason (August 4, 2011). "Blackstone Group Agrees to Acquire Medical-Biller Emdeon for $3 Billion". Bloomberg. 
^ De, Michael J. "The Blackstone Group News". New York Times. Retrieved 2013-01-29. 
^ Jolie O'Dell, VentureBeat. "Blackstone just backed out of its proposed Dell buyout." April 19, 2013. Retrieved on April 19, 2013.
^ Blackstone Announces Strategic Investment in ThoughtFocus Technologie. Wall Street Journal (2013-09-30). Retrieved on 2013-12-06.
^ Ryan, Dezember (April 24, 2014). "Bargain Bin Is Now Big Deal". WSJ. Retrieved 29 April 2014. 
^ Versace deal with Blackstone values group at 1 billion euros, Reuters, February 26, 2014
^ Zargani, Luisa (27 February 2014). "Versace Sells Minority Stake to Blackstone". Women's Wear Daily. Retrieved 27 February 2014. 
^ Vuong, Andy (April 20, 2014). "Blackstone grants $4 million to create Colorado entrepreneurs network". The Denver Post. Retrieved 22 April 2014. 
^ Arno Schuetze & Edward Taylor (May 15, 2014). "Deutsche Bank sells casino to Blackstone for $1.7 billion". Reuters. 
^ By David Carey, Bloomberg. "[3]." August 10, 2014. August 13, 2014.
^ Blackstone to sell prime Sydney property to Dalian Wanda for $327 million. Reuters, 26 January 2015
^ "Blackstone to buy Excel Trust for about $2 billion" (Press release). Reuters. 10 April 2015. 
^ "Blackstone to buy BioMed Realty in $8 billion deal". Reuters. 8 October 2015. 
^ "Blackstone to sell GCA Services to Thomas Lee, Goldman Sachs". Reuters. 16 November 2015. 
^ Brown, Eliot (24 November 2015). "Blackstone in Talks to Sell Four Los Angeles Office Towers". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2015-12-05. 
^ Jamerson, Joshua (February 10, 2017), Blackstone to Buy Aon’s Human Resources Outsourcing Platform for $4.3 Billion, New York City: The Wall Street Journal, retrieved February 12, 2017 
^ http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-officegroup-m-a-blackstone-idUKKBN19A1J4
^ Stephanie Ruhle; Mary Childs; Julie Miecamp (22 October 2013). "Blackstone Unit Wins in No-Lose Codere Trade: Corporate Finance". Bloomberg News. 
^ a b Dan Primack (5 December 2013). "Blackstone responds to Jon Stewart". finance.fortune.cnn.com. 




David Carey, John E. Morris (2010). King of Capital: The Remarkable Rise, Fall, and Rise Again of Steve Schwarzman and Blackstone.
The Making of a Wise Man. New York Times, November 28, 2004


External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


The Blackstone Group



Founders



Peter George Peterson
Stephen A. Schwarzman





Business Services



CMS Computers
RGIS
SunGard (minority shareholder)





Consumer/Retail



Michaels (Joint Control)
Performance Food Group
Pinnacle Foods
United Biscuits





Financial Services



BankUnited (minority stake)
HealthMarkets (minority stake)
FGIC (minority stake)





Healthcare



Biomet
Emcure Pharmaceuticals (investment)
Vanguard Health Systems





Industrial



Freescale (Joint Control)
Klöckner Pentaplast
TRW Automotive (Control)





Media/Telecommunications



eAccess (investment)
Nielsen Holdings (minority stake)
Axtel (minority stake)
Deutsche Telekom (minority stake)
TDC (minority stake)
The Weather Channel (minority stake)





Travel & Leisure



Hilton Worldwide
Center Parcs Europe (freehold)
Caesars Entertainment Corporation (minority stake)
Merlin Entertainments (minority stake)
SeaWorld Entertainment
Tragus Group
Travelport





Real estate



Extended Stay America (minority stake)
Equity Office
Luxury Resorts (LXR)
La Quinta Inns & Suites












v
t
e


Private equity and venture capital



Basic investment types



Buyout
Venture
Mezzanine
Growth
Secondaries
Equity co-investment








History



History of private equity and venture capital
Early history of private equity
Private equity in the 1980s
Private equity in the 1990s
Private equity in the 2000s





Terms and concepts





Buyout




Financial sponsor
Management buyout
Divisional buyout
Buy–sell agreement
Leveraged recapitalization
Dividend recapitalization






Venture




Angel investor
Business incubator
Post-money valuation
Pre-money valuation
Seed money
Startup company
Venture capital financing
Venture debt
Venture round






Structure




Private equity firms and funds
Limited partnership
Limited liability company
Carried interest
Management fee
Publicly traded private equity

Business Development Company
Venture capital trust


Private investment in public equity (PIPE)
Pledge fund








Investors



Corporations
Institutional investors
Pension funds
Insurance companies
Fund of funds
Endowments
Foundations
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Commercial banks
High-net-worth individuals
Family offices
Sovereign wealth funds
Crowdfunding





Related financial terms



AUM
Cap table
Capital call
Capital commitment
Capital structure
Distribution waterfall
EBITDA
Envy ratio
High-yield debt
IPO
IRR
Leverage
Liquidation preference
M&A
PME
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Undercapitalization
Vintage year








Private equity and venture capital investors
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Angel investors
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Largest private equity investment firms






3i Group
AAC Capital Partners
Advent International
AlpInvest Partners
American Capital
Apax Partners
Apollo Global Management
Ares Management
Bain Capital
BC Partners
Berkshire Partners
The Blackstone Group
Bridgepoint Capital
The Carlyle Group
CCMP Capital
Cerberus Capital Management
Charterhouse Capital Partners
Cinven
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice
CVC Capital Partners
Doughty Hanson & Co
EnCap Investments
EQT Partners
First Reserve Corporation
Fortress Investment Group
General Atlantic
Goldman Sachs Capital Partners
GTCR
Hellman & Friedman
H.I.G. Capital
JRK Property Holdings
KKR
Trilantic Capital Partners
Leonard Green & Partners
Madison Dearborn Partners
Nordic Capital
Oak Investment Partners
Oaktree Capital Management
Onex
Teachers' Private Capital
Pacific Equity Partners
PAI Partners
Permira
Providence Equity Partners
Sentinel Capital Partners
Silver Lake Partners
Summit Partners
Sun Capital Partners
TA Associates
Terra Firma Capital Partners
Thomas H. Lee Partners
TPG Capital
Warburg Pincus
Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe











Private equity
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List












v
t
e


The Weather Channel



Network information
and ownership



History
Landmark Communications (former)
NBCUniversal
Bain Capital
The Blackstone Group
List of meteorologists
International presence
Local on the 8s





Programs (list)





Live programs




AMHQ
PM Edition
Weather Center Live
Weather Geeks
Weather Underground
Weekend Recharge






Recorded programs




23.5° with Sam Champion
3 Scientists Walk Into a Bar
100 Biggest Weather Moments (2007 miniseries)
American Super/Natural
Fat Guys in the Woods
Highway Thru Hell
Natural Born Monsters
Prospectors
Raging Nature
Secrets of the Earth
So You Think You'd Survive?
Strangest Weather on Earth
Storm Stories
Tornado Alley
Weather Caught on Camera
Weather Gone Viral
Why Planes Crash








Weather Stars



III
4000
XL
IntelliStar





Related operations



Local Now
Weatherscan





Albums



The Best of Smooth Jazz
Smooth Jazz II










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=The_Blackstone_Group&oldid=788560248"					
Categories: Blackstone GroupCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies established in 1985Investment banks in the United StatesPrivate equity firms of the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2016Good articlesPages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2011All articles containing potentially dated statements 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


БългарскиCatalàDeutschEestiفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoLietuviųNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSuomiSvenskaTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 03:13.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Insider Trading - Blackstone Holdings II L.P. - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Blackstone Holdings II L.P.





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-11-16Sale
2016-11-186:00 pm
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
16,451,722
$21.87
$359,799,174
13,349,610(Indirect)
View


2016-07-19Sale
2016-07-216:07 pm
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
12,209,704
$20.67
$252,374,583
13,349,610(Indirect)
View


2016-04-19Sale
2016-04-217:32 pm
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
9,272,378
$20
$185,447,560
23,257,068(Indirect)
View


2015-10-06Sale
2015-10-086:02 pm
Performance Food Group Co
PFGC
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
2,301,741
$17.95
$41,327,759
50,409,332(Indirect)
View


2015-04-02Sale
2015-04-075:10 pm
La Quinta Holdings Inc.
LQ
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Brea Iv L.L.C.Brea V L.L.C.Brep Iv Side-by-side Gp L.L.C.Brep V Side-by-side Gp L.L.C.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
3,112,500
$0
$0
13,539,310(Indirect)
View


2015-03-30Sale
2015-04-017:13 pm
La Quinta Holdings Inc.
LQ
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Brea Iv L.L.C.Brea V L.L.C.Brep Iv Side-by-side Gp L.L.C.Brep V Side-by-side Gp L.L.C.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
20,750,000
$0
$0
14,737,416(Indirect)
View




Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-11-28Sale
2016-11-305:07 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
307,659
$32.5
1,907,396(Indirect)
View


2016-11-28Sale
2016-11-305:07 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
107,674
$32.5
1,907,396(Indirect)
View


2016-11-28Sale
2016-11-305:07 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
276,637
$32.5
1,907,396(Indirect)
View


2016-11-28Sale
2016-11-305:07 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
75,642
$32.5
1,907,396(Indirect)
View


2016-11-28Sale
2016-11-305:07 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
30,638
$32.5
1,907,396(Indirect)
View


2016-11-28Sale
2016-11-305:07 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
219,045
$32.5
1,907,396(Indirect)
View


2016-11-28Sale
2016-11-305:07 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
63,793
$32.5
1,907,396(Indirect)
View


2016-11-28Sale
2016-11-305:07 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
133,743
$32.5
1,907,396(Indirect)
View


2016-11-28Sale
2016-11-305:07 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
108,563
$32.5
1,907,396(Indirect)
View


2016-11-28Sale
2016-11-305:07 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
676
$32.5
1,907,396(Indirect)
View


2016-11-28Sale
2016-11-305:07 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
3,868
$32.5
1,907,396(Indirect)
View


2016-11-28Sale
2016-11-305:07 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
13,234
$32.5
1,907,396(Indirect)
View


2016-11-28Sale
2016-11-305:07 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
8,624
$32.5
1,907,396(Indirect)
View


2016-11-28Sale
2016-11-305:07 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
690,000
$32.5
1,907,396(Indirect)
View


2016-11-28Sale
2016-11-305:07 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
3,518,893
$32.5
1,907,396(Indirect)
View


2016-11-28Sale
2016-11-305:07 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
1,231,555
$32.5
1,907,396(Indirect)
View


2016-11-28Sale
2016-11-305:07 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
3,164,080
$32.5
1,907,396(Indirect)
View


2016-11-28Sale
2016-11-305:07 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
865,168
$32.5
1,907,396(Indirect)
View


2016-11-28Sale
2016-11-305:07 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
354,823
$32.5
1,907,396(Indirect)
View


2016-11-28Sale
2016-11-305:07 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
2,451,274
$32.5
1,907,396(Indirect)
View


2016-11-28Sale
2016-11-305:07 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
713,884
$32.5
1,907,396(Indirect)
View


2016-11-28Sale
2016-11-305:07 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
1,496,685
$32.5
1,907,396(Indirect)
View


2016-11-28Sale
2016-11-305:07 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
1,214,894
$32.5
1,907,396(Indirect)
View


2016-11-28Sale
2016-11-305:07 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
7,564
$32.5
1,907,396(Indirect)
View


2016-11-28Sale
2016-11-305:07 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
43,292
$32.5
1,907,396(Indirect)
View


2016-11-28Sale
2016-11-305:07 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
148,092
$32.5
1,907,396(Indirect)
View


2016-11-16Conversion
2016-11-186:00 pm
N/AN/A
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
13,349,610
$0
13,349,610(Indirect)
View


2016-11-16Conversion
2016-11-186:00 pm
N/AN/A
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
2,814,207
$0
13,349,610(Indirect)
View


2016-11-16Conversion
2016-11-186:00 pm
N/AN/A
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
253,891
$0
13,349,610(Indirect)
View


2016-11-16Conversion
2016-11-186:00 pm
N/AN/A
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
21,513
$0
13,349,610(Indirect)
View


2016-11-16Conversion
2016-11-186:00 pm
N/AN/A
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
12,501
$0
13,349,610(Indirect)
View


2016-11-16Conversion
2016-11-186:00 pm
N/AN/A
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
13,349,610
$0
13,349,610(Indirect)
View


2016-11-16Conversion
2016-11-186:00 pm
N/AN/A
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
2,814,207
$0
13,349,610(Indirect)
View


2016-11-16Conversion
2016-11-186:00 pm
N/AN/A
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
253,891
$0
13,349,610(Indirect)
View


2016-11-16Conversion
2016-11-186:00 pm
N/AN/A
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
21,513
$0
13,349,610(Indirect)
View


2016-11-16Conversion
2016-11-186:00 pm
N/AN/A
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
12,501
$0
13,349,610(Indirect)
View


2016-07-21Sale
2016-07-216:49 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
4,214,752
$30.32
1,033,939(Indirect)
View


2016-07-21Sale
2016-07-216:49 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
1,475,093
$30.32
1,033,939(Indirect)
View


2016-07-21Sale
2016-07-216:49 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
3,789,775
$30.32
1,033,939(Indirect)
View


2016-07-21Sale
2016-07-216:49 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
1,036,254
$30.32
1,033,939(Indirect)
View


2016-07-21Sale
2016-07-216:49 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
424,566
$30.32
1,033,939(Indirect)
View


2016-07-21Sale
2016-07-216:49 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
2,941,221
$30.32
1,033,939(Indirect)
View


2016-07-21Sale
2016-07-216:49 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
856,572
$30.32
1,033,939(Indirect)
View


2016-07-21Sale
2016-07-216:49 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
1,795,834
$30.32
1,033,939(Indirect)
View


2016-07-21Sale
2016-07-216:49 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
1,457,720
$30.32
1,033,939(Indirect)
View


2016-07-21Sale
2016-07-216:49 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
9,075
$30.32
1,033,939(Indirect)
View


2016-07-21Sale
2016-07-216:49 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
51,945
$30.32
1,033,939(Indirect)
View


2016-07-21Sale
2016-07-216:49 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
177,693
$30.32
1,033,939(Indirect)
View


2016-07-21Sale
2016-07-216:49 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
9,500
$30.32
1,033,939(Indirect)
View


2016-07-21Sale
2016-07-216:49 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
760,000
$30.32
1,033,939(Indirect)
View


2016-07-19Conversion
2016-07-216:07 pm
N/AN/A
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
9,907,459
$0
13,349,610(Indirect)
View


2016-07-19Conversion
2016-07-216:07 pm
N/AN/A
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
2,088,574
$0
13,349,610(Indirect)
View


2016-07-19Conversion
2016-07-216:07 pm
N/AN/A
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
188,427
$0
13,349,610(Indirect)
View


2016-07-19Conversion
2016-07-216:07 pm
N/AN/A
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
15,966
$0
13,349,610(Indirect)
View


2016-07-19Conversion
2016-07-216:07 pm
N/AN/A
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
9,278
$0
13,349,610(Indirect)
View


2016-07-19Conversion
2016-07-216:07 pm
N/AN/A
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
9,907,459
$0
13,349,610(Indirect)
View


2016-07-19Conversion
2016-07-216:07 pm
N/AN/A
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
2,088,574
$0
13,349,610(Indirect)
View


2016-07-19Conversion
2016-07-216:07 pm
N/AN/A
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
188,427
$0
13,349,610(Indirect)
View


2016-07-19Conversion
2016-07-216:07 pm
N/AN/A
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
15,966
$0
13,349,610(Indirect)
View


2016-07-19Conversion
2016-07-216:07 pm
N/AN/A
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
9,278
$0
13,349,610(Indirect)
View


2016-05-16Sale
2016-05-165:26 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
2,218,292
$29.08
4,522,411(Indirect)
View


2016-05-16Sale
2016-05-165:26 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
776,365
$29.08
4,522,411(Indirect)
View


2016-05-16Sale
2016-05-165:26 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
1,994,618
$29.08
4,522,411(Indirect)
View


2016-05-16Sale
2016-05-165:26 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
545,397
$29.08
4,522,411(Indirect)
View


2016-05-16Sale
2016-05-165:26 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
223,455
$29.08
4,522,411(Indirect)
View


2016-05-16Sale
2016-05-165:26 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
1,548,011
$29.08
4,522,411(Indirect)
View


2016-05-16Sale
2016-05-165:26 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
450,827
$29.08
4,522,411(Indirect)
View


2016-05-16Sale
2016-05-165:26 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
945,176
$29.08
4,522,411(Indirect)
View


2016-05-16Sale
2016-05-165:26 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
767,221
$29.08
4,522,411(Indirect)
View


2016-05-16Sale
2016-05-165:26 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
4,777
$29.08
4,522,411(Indirect)
View


2016-05-16Sale
2016-05-165:26 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
27,339
$29.08
4,522,411(Indirect)
View


2016-05-16Sale
2016-05-165:26 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
93,522
$29.08
4,522,411(Indirect)
View


2016-05-16Sale
2016-05-165:26 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
5,000
$29.08
4,522,411(Indirect)
View


2016-05-16Sale
2016-05-165:26 pm
N/AN/A
Hudson Pacific Properties Inc.
HPP
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Holdings III L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp L.P.Blackstone Holdings III Gp Management L.L.C.Blackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
400,000
$29.08
4,522,411(Indirect)
View


2016-04-19Conversion
2016-04-217:32 pm
N/AN/A
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
7,523,988
$0
23,257,068(Indirect)
View


2016-04-19Conversion
2016-04-217:32 pm
N/AN/A
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
1,586,120
$0
23,257,068(Indirect)
View


2016-04-19Conversion
2016-04-217:32 pm
N/AN/A
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
143,097
$0
23,257,068(Indirect)
View


2016-04-19Conversion
2016-04-217:32 pm
N/AN/A
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
12,126
$0
23,257,068(Indirect)
View


2016-04-19Conversion
2016-04-217:32 pm
N/AN/A
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
7,047
$0
23,257,068(Indirect)
View


2016-04-19Conversion
2016-04-217:32 pm
N/AN/A
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
7,523,988
$0
23,257,068(Indirect)
View


2016-04-19Conversion
2016-04-217:32 pm
N/AN/A
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
1,586,120
$0
23,257,068(Indirect)
View


2016-04-19Conversion
2016-04-217:32 pm
N/AN/A
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
143,097
$0
23,257,068(Indirect)
View


2016-04-19Conversion
2016-04-217:32 pm
N/AN/A
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
12,126
$0
23,257,068(Indirect)
View


2016-04-19Conversion
2016-04-217:32 pm
N/AN/A
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
7,047
$0
23,257,068(Indirect)
View


2016-04-01Other
2016-04-058:02 pm
N/AN/A
Rentech Inc
RTK
Blackstone Holdings I L.P.Gso Advisor Holdings L.L.C.Gso Holdings I LLCBlackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
9,885
$22.2
0(Indirect)
View


2016-04-01Other
2016-04-058:02 pm
N/AN/A
Rentech Inc
RTK
Blackstone Holdings I L.P.Gso Advisor Holdings L.L.C.Gso Holdings I LLCBlackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
3,840
$22.2
0(Indirect)
View


2016-04-01Other
2016-04-058:02 pm
N/AN/A
Rentech Inc
RTK
Blackstone Holdings I L.P.Gso Advisor Holdings L.L.C.Gso Holdings I LLCBlackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
3,843
$22.2
0(Indirect)
View


2016-04-01Other
2016-04-058:02 pm
N/AN/A
Rentech Inc
RTK
Blackstone Holdings I L.P.Gso Advisor Holdings L.L.C.Gso Holdings I LLCBlackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
12,991
$22.2
0(Indirect)
View


2016-04-01Other
2016-04-058:02 pm
N/AN/A
Rentech Inc
RTK
Blackstone Holdings I L.P.Gso Advisor Holdings L.L.C.Gso Holdings I LLCBlackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
6,667
$22.2
0(Indirect)
View


2016-04-01Other
2016-04-058:02 pm
N/AN/A
Rentech Inc
RTK
Blackstone Holdings I L.P.Gso Advisor Holdings L.L.C.Gso Holdings I LLCBlackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
16,122
$22.2
0(Indirect)
View


2016-04-01Other
2016-04-058:02 pm
N/AN/A
Rentech Inc
RTK
Blackstone Holdings I L.P.Gso Advisor Holdings L.L.C.Gso Holdings I LLCBlackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
28,751
$22.2
0(Indirect)
View


2016-04-01Other
2016-04-058:02 pm
N/AN/A
Rentech Inc
RTK
Blackstone Holdings I L.P.Gso Advisor Holdings L.L.C.Gso Holdings I LLCBlackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
17,900
$22.2
0(Indirect)
View


2016-04-01Expired
2016-04-058:02 pm
2015-02-12N/A
Rentech Inc
RTK
Blackstone Holdings I L.P.Gso Advisor Holdings L.L.C.Gso Holdings I LLCBlackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
9,885
$0
0(Indirect)
View


2016-04-01Expired
2016-04-058:02 pm
2015-02-12N/A
Rentech Inc
RTK
Blackstone Holdings I L.P.Gso Advisor Holdings L.L.C.Gso Holdings I LLCBlackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
445,283
$0
0(Indirect)
View


2016-04-01Expired
2016-04-058:02 pm
2015-02-12N/A
Rentech Inc
RTK
Blackstone Holdings I L.P.Gso Advisor Holdings L.L.C.Gso Holdings I LLCBlackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
3,840
$0
0(Indirect)
View


2016-04-01Expired
2016-04-058:02 pm
2015-02-12N/A
Rentech Inc
RTK
Blackstone Holdings I L.P.Gso Advisor Holdings L.L.C.Gso Holdings I LLCBlackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
172,986
$0
0(Indirect)
View


2016-04-01Expired
2016-04-058:02 pm
2015-02-12N/A
Rentech Inc
RTK
Blackstone Holdings I L.P.Gso Advisor Holdings L.L.C.Gso Holdings I LLCBlackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
3,843
$0
0(Indirect)
View


2016-04-01Expired
2016-04-058:02 pm
2015-02-12N/A
Rentech Inc
RTK
Blackstone Holdings I L.P.Gso Advisor Holdings L.L.C.Gso Holdings I LLCBlackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
173,113
$0
0(Indirect)
View


2016-04-01Expired
2016-04-058:02 pm
2015-02-12N/A
Rentech Inc
RTK
Blackstone Holdings I L.P.Gso Advisor Holdings L.L.C.Gso Holdings I LLCBlackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
12,991
$0
0(Indirect)
View


2016-04-01Expired
2016-04-058:02 pm
2015-02-12N/A
Rentech Inc
RTK
Blackstone Holdings I L.P.Gso Advisor Holdings L.L.C.Gso Holdings I LLCBlackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
585,202
$0
0(Indirect)
View


2016-04-01Expired
2016-04-058:02 pm
2015-02-12N/A
Rentech Inc
RTK
Blackstone Holdings I L.P.Gso Advisor Holdings L.L.C.Gso Holdings I LLCBlackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
6,667
$0
0(Indirect)
View


2016-04-01Expired
2016-04-058:02 pm
2015-02-12N/A
Rentech Inc
RTK
Blackstone Holdings I L.P.Gso Advisor Holdings L.L.C.Gso Holdings I LLCBlackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
300,300
$0
0(Indirect)
View


2016-04-01Expired
2016-04-058:02 pm
2015-02-12N/A
Rentech Inc
RTK
Blackstone Holdings I L.P.Gso Advisor Holdings L.L.C.Gso Holdings I LLCBlackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
16,122
$0
0(Indirect)
View


2016-04-01Expired
2016-04-058:02 pm
2015-02-12N/A
Rentech Inc
RTK
Blackstone Holdings I L.P.Gso Advisor Holdings L.L.C.Gso Holdings I LLCBlackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
726,204
$0
0(Indirect)
View


2016-04-01Expired
2016-04-058:02 pm
2015-02-12N/A
Rentech Inc
RTK
Blackstone Holdings I L.P.Gso Advisor Holdings L.L.C.Gso Holdings I LLCBlackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
28,751
$0
0(Indirect)
View


2016-04-01Expired
2016-04-058:02 pm
2015-02-12N/A
Rentech Inc
RTK
Blackstone Holdings I L.P.Gso Advisor Holdings L.L.C.Gso Holdings I LLCBlackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
1,295,106
$0
0(Indirect)
View


2016-04-01Expired
2016-04-058:02 pm
2015-02-12N/A
Rentech Inc
RTK
Blackstone Holdings I L.P.Gso Advisor Holdings L.L.C.Gso Holdings I LLCBlackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
17,900
$0
0(Indirect)
View


2016-04-01Expired
2016-04-058:02 pm
2015-02-12N/A
Rentech Inc
RTK
Blackstone Holdings I L.P.Gso Advisor Holdings L.L.C.Gso Holdings I LLCBlackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
806,306
$0
0(Indirect)
View


2015-08-11Sale
2015-08-134:34 pm
N/AN/A
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
13,739,945
$0
30,781,056(Indirect)
View


2015-08-11Sale
2015-08-134:34 pm
N/AN/A
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
2,896,494
$0
30,781,056(Indirect)
View


2015-08-11Sale
2015-08-134:34 pm
N/AN/A
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
261,315
$0
30,781,056(Indirect)
View


2015-08-11Sale
2015-08-134:34 pm
N/AN/A
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
22,143
$0
30,781,056(Indirect)
View


2015-08-11Sale
2015-08-134:34 pm
N/AN/A
Summit Materials Inc.
SUM
Blackstone Holdings II L.P.Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp IncBlackstone Group L.P.Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.Schwarzman Stephen A10% Owner
12,867
$0
30,781,056(Indirect)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Wed, 26 Jul 2017 21:46:30 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  














Blackstone Real Estate Management Associates International Ii L.p. Second Amended And Restated Agreement Of Limited Partnership - Limited Partnership Agreement - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Limited Partnership Agreement     > BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ASSOCIATES INTERNATIONAL II L.P. SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Blackstone Real Estate Management Associates International Ii L.p. Second Amended And Restated Agreement Of Limited Partnership
Limited Partnership Agreement



You are currently viewing:
 This Limited Partnership Agreement involves Blackstone Holdings V GP Management LLC | Blackstone Real Estate Management Associates International II LP | BREA International (Cayman) II Ltd. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ASSOCIATES INTERNATIONAL II L.P. SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Date: 8/13/2007 Industry: Investment Services      Law Firm: Simpson Thacher      Sector: Financial









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day









Exhibit
10.14

 


BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE
MANAGEMENT ASSOCIATES INTERNATIONAL II L.P.

SECOND AMENDED AND
RESTATED

AGREEMENT OF LIMITED
PARTNERSHIP

Dated as of May 31,
2007

 

 
 


TABLE OF
CONTENTS

 

 









 
  
 
  
Page



ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS

  
1








1.1.

  

Definitions

  
1



1.2.

  

Terms Generally

  
10







ARTICLE II GENERAL PROVISIONS

  
10








2.1.

  

General Partner and Limited Partners

  
10



2.2.

  

Formation; Name

  
11



2.3.

  

Term

  
11



2.4.

  

Purpose; Powers

  
11



2.5.

  

Place of Business

  
12



2.6.

  

Feeder Vehicle

  
12







ARTICLE III MANAGEMENT

  
13








3.1.

  

General Partner

  
13



3.2.

  

Limited Partners

  
13



3.3.

  

Partner Voting, etc.

  
13



3.4.

  

Management

  
13



3.5.

  

Responsibilities of Partners

  
13



3.6.

  

[Intentionally Omitted].

  
13



3.7.

  

Exculpation and Indemnification

  
13



3.8.

  

Tax Representation

  
15







ARTICLE IV CAPITAL OF THE
PARTNERSHIP

  
15








4.1.

  

Capital Contributions by Partners

  
15



4.2.

  

Interest

  
23



4.3.

  

Withdrawals of Capital

  
23







ARTICLE V PARTICIPATION IN PROFITS AND
LOSSES

  
23








5.1.

  

General Accounting Matters

  
23



5.2.

  

Capital Accounts

  
24



5.3.

  

Profit Sharing Percentages

  
25



5.4.

  

Allocations of Net Income (Loss)

  
25



5.5.

  

Liability of General and Limited Partners

  
26



5.6.

  

[Intentional Omitted].

  
26



5.7.

  

Repurchase Rights, etc.

  
27



5.8.

  

Distributions

  
27



5.9.

  

Business Expenses

  
33


 

-i-
 











ARTICLE VI ADDITIONAL PARTNERS;
WITHDRAWAL OF PARTNERS; SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE OF PARTNERSHIP
INTERESTS; TERMINATION

  
33








6.1.

  

Additional Partners

  
33



6.2.

  

Withdrawal of Partners

  
33



6.3.

  

Partnership Interests Not Transferable

  
35



6.4.

  

General Partner Withdrawal

  
35



6.5.

  

Satisfaction and Discharge of a Withdrawn Partner’s
Interest

  
35



6.6.

  

[Intentionally omitted].

  
39



6.7.

  

Termination of Partnership

  
40



6.8.

  

Certain Tax Matters

  
40



6.9.

  

Special Basis Adjustments

  
41







ARTICLE VII Dissolution

  
41








7.1.

  

Dissolution

  
41



7.2.

  

Final Distribution

  
41



7.3.

  

No Obligation to Restore Capital Accounts

  
42







ARTICLE VIII MISCELLANEOUS

  
42








8.1.

  

Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial

  
42



8.2.

  

Ownership and Use of the Firm Name

  
43



8.3.

  

Written Consent

  
43



8.4.

  

Letter Agreements; Schedules

  
44



8.5.

  

Governing Law

  
44



8.6.

  

Successors and Assigns; Third Party Beneficiaries

  
44



8.7.

  

Partner’s Will

  
44



8.8.

  

Confidentiality

  
45



8.9.

  

Notices

  
45



8.10.

  

Counterparts

  
45



8.11.

  

Power of Attorney

  
45



8.12.

  

Cumulative Remedies

  
45



8.13.

  

Legal Fees

  
45



8.14.

  

Entire Agreement

  
45


 

-ii-
 


BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE
MANAGEMENT ASSOCIATES INTERNATIONAL II L.P.

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP of Blackstone Real Estate
Management Associates International II L.P. (the “
Partnership ”) dated as of May 31, 2007, by and
among BREA International (Cayman) II Ltd., a Cayman Islands
exempted limited company (“ BREA (Cayman) ” or
the “ General Partner ”), and the limited
partners (including special limited partners) as provided on the
signature pages hereto, as Limited Partners.

PRELIMINARY
STATEMENT

The Partnership was formed
under the laws of Alberta, Canada pursuant to a Certificate of
Limited Partnership, dated as of July 11, 2005, which was
filed with the Registrar of Corporations (Alberta).

The original partnership
agreement of the Partnership was executed as of July 11, 2005
(the “ Existing Agreement ”).

The Existing Agreement was
amended and restated in its entirety by the Amended and Restated
Agreement of Limited Partnership, dated August 5, 2005, of the
Partnership (as amended to date, the “ First Amended and
Restated Agreement ”).

The parties hereto now wish
to amend and restate the First Amended and Restated Agreement in
its entirety as of the date hereof and as hereinafter set forth.
Accordingly, the parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

1.1. Definitions. Unless the
context otherwise requires, the following terms shall have the
following meanings for purposes of this Agreement:

“Agreement” means this Amended and Restated
Agreement of Limited Partnership, as it may be further amended,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

“Alternative
Vehicle” means any investment vehicle or structure formed
pursuant to paragraph 2.7 of the BREP International II Partnership
Agreement or any other "Alternative Vehicle" (as defined in any
other BREP International II Agreements).

“ Applicable
Collateral Percentage ” shall have the meaning with
respect to any Firm Collateral and any Special Firm Collateral, in
each case, as set forth in the books and records of the Partnership
with respect thereto.

“ BCP ”
means the collective reference to Blackstone Capital Partners L.P.,
a Delaware limited partnership, and any other investment vehicle
established in accordance with the terms of Blackstone Capital
Partners L.P.’s partnership agreement to invest in lieu of
Blackstone Capital Partners L.P. on behalf of one or more of the
partners thereof.
 


“ BCP II ”
means the collective reference to Blackstone Capital Partners II
Merchant Banking Fund L.P., a Delaware limited partnership formerly
known as Blackstone Domestic Capital Partners II L.P., Blackstone
Offshore Capital Partners II L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted
limited partnership, and any other investment vehicle established
pursuant to paragraph 2.7 of the respective partnership agreements
of either of such partnerships.

“ BCP III
” means the collective reference to Blackstone Capital
Partners III Merchant Banking Fund L.P., a Delaware limited
partnership, Blackstone Offshore Capital Partners III L.P., a
Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership, and any other
investment vehicle established pursuant to paragraph 2.7 of the
respective partnership agreements of either of such
partnerships.

“BCP IV ”
is the collective reference to Blackstone Capital Partners IV L.P.,
a Delaware limited partnership, and any other investment vehicle or
structure formed to invest in lieu thereof (in whole or in
part).

“ BFREP
International II ” means Blackstone Family Real Estate
Partnership International II L.P., an Alberta, Canada limited
partnership.

“ BRE Associates
International II ” means BRE Associates International II
L.P., an Alberta, Canada limited partnership.

“ BREA (Cayman)
” has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

“ BREA International
II ” means Blackstone Real Estate Associates
International (Alberta) II L.P., an Alberta, Canada limited
partnership.

“ BREA International
(Delaware) II ” means Blackstone Real Estate Associates
International II L.P., a Delaware limited partnership.

“ BRECA
International II ” means Blackstone Real Estate Capital
Associates International II L.P., an Alberta, Canada limited
partnership, and any other partnership or other entity with terms
substantially similar to the terms of that partnership and formed
after the date hereof in connection with the indirect participation
by one or more partners thereof who receive Carried
Interest.

“ BRECA
International II Partnership Agreement ” means the
Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Blackstone
Real Estate Capital Associates International II L.P., dated as of
the date hereof, as amended from time to time.

“ BREH International
II ” means Blackstone Real Estate Holdings International
II L.P. and Blackstone Real Estate Holdings International II-A L.P,
each an Alberta, Canada limited partnership.

“BREP International
II” means the collective reference to:
(i) Blackstone Real Estate Partners International II L.P., a
limited partnership formed or to be formed under the laws of the
United Kingdom pursuant to the Limited Partnerships Act 1907 of the
United Kingdom, (ii) any other investment vehicle established
pursuant to Article 2 of the partnership agreement for the
partnership referred to in clause (i) above, and
(iii) any investment vehicle formed to co-invest with the
partnership referred to in clause (i) above using third party
capital and that potentially pays Carried Interest Distributions
(as such term is used in such partnership agreement).
 

2
 


“ BREP International
II Agreement ” means the Amended and Restated Agreement
of Limited Partnership, dated the date hereof or other date set
forth therein, of the partnership referred to in clause (i) of
the definition of “BREP International II” in this
Article I, and any other BREP International II partnership
agreement.

“ BREP International
II Investment ” means the Partnership’s indirect
interest in a specific BREP International II investment pursuant to
the BREP International II Agreement in its capacity as an indirect
partner of BREP International II, but does not include any direct
or indirect investment by the Partnership on a side-by-side basis
in any BREP International II investment.

“ Carried
Interest ” shall mean (i) distributions to the
general partner of BREP International II (including BREA
International (Delaware) II) pursuant to paragraphs 4.2.1(c) and
(d), paragraphs 4.2.2(c) and (d) and paragraph 4.2.8 of the
BREP International II Agreement (or similar provisions of
investment vehicles formed after the date hereof) and (ii) any
other carried interest payable pursuant to the BREP International
II Agreement. In each case of (i) and (ii) above, except
as determined by the Managing Member, the amount shall not be less
any costs, fees and expenses of the Partnership with respect
thereto and less reasonable reserves for payment of costs, fees and
expenses of the Partnership that are anticipated with respect
thereto (in each case which the General Partner may allocate among
all or any portion of the Investments as it determines in good
faith is appropriate).

“ Carried Interest
Give Back Percentage ” shall mean, for any Partner or
Withdrawn Partner, subject to Section 5.8(e), the percentage
determined by dividing (A) the aggregate amount of
distributions received by such Partner or Withdrawn Partner from
the Partnership, any Other Fund GPs or their affiliates, excluding
Holdings, in respect of Carried Interest by (B) the aggregate
amount of distributions made to all Partners, Withdrawn Partners or
any other person by the Partnership, any Other Fund GP or their
affiliates (in any capacity), excluding Holdings, in respect of
Carried Interest. For purposes of determining any "Carried Interest
Give Back Percentage" hereunder, all Trust Amounts contributed to
the Trust by the Partnership, Other Fund GPs or their affiliates on
behalf of a Partner or Withdrawn Partner (but not the Trust Income
thereon) shall be deemed to have been initially distributed or paid
to the Partners and Withdrawn Partners as Partners or partners of
the Partnership, any of the Other Fund GPs or their
affiliates.

“ Carried Interest
Sharing Percentage ” means, with respect to each
Investment, the percentage interest of a Partner in Carried
Interest from such Investment set forth in the books and records of
the Partnership.

“ Cause ”
means the occurrence or existence of any of the following with
respect to any Partner, as determined fairly, reasonably, on an
informed basis and in good faith by the General Partner and subject
to any written agreements between a Partner and the Partnership or
an affiliate thereof: (i) (w) any breach by any Partner
of any provision of any non-competition agreement, (x) any
material breach of this Agreement or any rules or regulations
applicable to such Partners that are established by the General
Partner, (y) such Partner’s deliberate failure to
perform his or her duties to the Partner, or (z) such
Partner’s committing to or engaging in any conduct or
behavior that is or may be harmful to the Partnership in a material
way determined by the General Partner; provided , that in
the case of any of the foregoing clauses (w), (x), (y) and
(z), the General Partner has given such Partner written notice (a
“ Notice of Breach ”) within fifteen days after
the General Partner becomes aware of such action and such Partner
fails to cure such breach, failure to perform or conduct or
behavior within fifteen days after receipt of such Notice of Breach
from the General Partner (or such longer period, not to exceed an
additional fifteen days, as shall be reasonably required for such
cure, provided that such Partner is diligently
 

3
 


pursuing such cure);
(ii) any act of fraud, misappropriation, dishonesty,
embezzlement or similar conduct against the Partnership; or
(iii) conviction (on the basis of a trial of by an accepted
plea of guilty or nolo contendre ) of a felony or crime
(including any misdemeanor charge involving moral turpitude, false
statements or misleading omissions, forgery, wrongful taking,
embezzlement, extortion or bribery) or a determination by a court
of competent jurisdiction, by a regulatory body or by a
self-regulatory body having authority with respect to securities
laws, rules, or regulations of the applicable securities industry,
that such Partner individually has violated any applicable
securities laws or any rules or regulations thereunder, or any
rules of any such self-regulatory body (including, without
limitation, any licensing requirement), if such conviction or
determination has a material adverse effect on (A) such
Partner’s ability to function as a Partner of the
Partnership, taking into account the services required of such
Partner and the nature of the Partnership’s business, or
(B) the business of the Partnership.

“ Charitable
Organization ” means an organization described in
Section 170(c) of the Code (without regard to
Section 170(c)(2)(A) thereof).

“ Class A
Interest ” has the meaning set forth in
Section 5.8(a).

“ Class B
Interest ” has the meaning set forth in
Section 5.8(a).

“ Clawback
Adjustment Amount ” has the meaning set forth in
Section 5.8(e).

“ Clawback
Amount ” shall mean the “Clawback Amount” and
the “Interim Clawback Amount,” both as set forth in
Article One of the BREP International II Agreement, and any other
clawback amount payable to the limited partners of BREP
International II pursuant to any BREP International II Agreement,
as applicable.

“ Clawback
Provisions ” shall mean paragraphs 4.2.9 and 9.2.6 of the
BREP International II Agreement and any other similar provisions in
any other BREP International II Agreement existing heretofore or
hereafter entered into.

“ Code ”
means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
from time to time, or any successor statute. Any reference herein
to a particular provision of the Code shall mean, where
appropriate, the corresponding provision in any successor
statute.

“ Commitment
”, with respect to any Partner, has the meaning set forth in
such Partner’s Commitment Agreement or SMD
Agreement

“ Commitment
Agreement ” shall mean a commitment agreement by which a
Partner has committed to fund certain amounts with respect to the
BREP International II Investments and certain expenses of BREP
International II.

“ Contingent
” means subject to repurchase rights and/or other
requirements.

“ Deceased
Partner ” shall mean any Partner or Withdrawn Partner who
has died or who suffers from Incompetence. For purposes hereof,
references to a Deceased Partner shall refer collectively to the
Deceased Partner and the estate and heirs or legal representative
of such Deceased Partner, as the case may be, that have received
such Deceased Partner’s interest in the
Partnership.
 

4
 


“ Default Rate
” shall mean the lower of (i) the sum of (a) the
rate of interest per annum publicly announced from time to time by
JPMorgan Chase Bank as its prime rate and (b) 5%, or
(ii) the highest rate of interest permitted under applicable
law.

“ Defaulting
Party ” has the meaning set forth in
Section 5.8(d)(ii).

“ Deficiency
Contribution ” has the meaning set forth in
Section 5.8(d)(ii).

“ Disabling
Event ” means (a) the withdrawal of a General
Partner, other than in accordance with Section 6.2(b)(ii),
(b) the incapacity of a General Partner, (c) a General
Partner (i) makes an assignment for the benefit of its
creditors, (ii) files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy,
(iii) is adjudged a bankrupt or insolvent or has entered
against it an order for relief in any bankruptcy or insolvency
proceeding, (iv) files a petition or answer seeking for itself
any reorganization, arrangement, composition, readjustment,
liquidation, dissolution or similar relief under any statute, law
or regulation, (v) files an answer or other pleading admitting
or failing to contest the material allegations of a petition filed
against it in proceeding described in clause (iv), or
(v) seeks, consents to, or acquiesces in, the appointment of a
trustee, receiver or liquidator of the General Partner or of all or
substantially all of its properties, or (d) any other event
that causes the General Partner to cease to be a general partner of
the Partnership as provided in the Partnership Act.

“ Disposable
Investment ” has the meaning set forth in
Section 5.8(a).

“ Estate Planning
Vehicle ” has the meaning set forth in
Section 6.3.

“ Excess
Holdback ” has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.1(d)(v)(A).

“ Excess Holdback
Percentage ” has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.1(d)(v)(A).

“ Excess Tax-Related
Amount ” has the meaning set forth in
Section 5.8(e).

“ Excluded Item
” has the meaning set forth in
Section 5.1(b).

“Existing
Partner ” shall mean any Partner who is neither a
Retaining Withdrawn Partner nor a Deceased Partner.

“Feeder
Vehicle” shall mean any Limited Partner formed to serve
as a collective investment vehicle for real estate-related
investments in the United Kingdom which invests all or a portion of
its investable resources in the Partnership.

“ Firm
Collateral ” shall mean a Partner’s or Withdrawn
Partner’s interest in one or more partnerships or limited
liability companies, in either case affiliated with the
Partnership, and certain other assets of such Partner or Withdrawn
Partner, in each case that has been pledged or made available to
the Trustee(s) to satisfy all or any portion of the Excess Holdback
of such Partner or Withdrawn Partner as more fully described in the
books and records of the Partnership; provided , that for
all purposes hereof (and any other agreement ( e.g. , the
Trust Agreement) that incorporates the meaning of the term
“Firm Collateral” by reference), references to
“Firm Collateral” shall include “Special Firm
Collateral”, excluding references to “Firm
Collateral” in Section 4.1(d)(v) and
Section 4.1(d)(viii).
 

5
 


“ Firm Collateral
Realization ” has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.1(d)(v)(B) with respect to Firm Collateral, and
Section 4.1(d)(viii)(B) with respect to Special Firm
Collateral.

“ Fiscal Year
” shall mean a calendar year, or any other period chosen by
the General Partner.

“ Fund GP
” means the Partnership and the Other Fund GPs.

“ GAAP ”
means U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

“ General
Partner ” means BREA (Cayman) and any person admitted to
the Partnership as an additional General Partner in accordance with
the provisions of this Agreement, until such time as such person
ceases to be a general partner of the Partnership as provided
herein or in the Partnership Act.”

“ Giveback
” shall mean an “Investment-Specific Giveback”,
as such term is defined in Article One of the BREP International II
Agreement.

“ Giveback
Amount ” shall mean an “Investment-Specific
Giveback Amount”, as such term is defined in Article One of
the BREP International II Agreement.

“ Giveback
Provisions ” shall mean paragraph 3.4.3 of the BREP
International II Agreement and any other similar provisions in any
other BREP International II partnership or similar agreement
existing heretofore or hereafter entered into.

“ Holdback
” has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.1(d)(i).

“ Holdback
Percentage ” has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.1(d)(i).

“ Holdback Vote
” has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.1(d)(iv)(A).

“ Holdings
” means Blackstone Holdings V L.P., a Delaware limited
partnership.

“ Incompetence
” means, with respect to any Partner, the determination by
the General Partner in its sole discretion, after consultation with
a qualified medical doctor, that such Partner is incompetent to
manage his person or his property.

“ Inflation
Index ” means (i) the GNP deflator, which is the
fixed-weighted price index representing the average change in the
United States gross national product as published in the Survey of
Current Business by the National Income and Wealth Division of the
Bureau of Economic Analysis of the U.S. Department of Commerce, or
(ii) such other index measuring changes in economic prices in
the United States as shall be selected by the General
Partner.

“ Initial Holdback
Percentages ” has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.1(d)(i).

“ Interest
” means a limited partnership interest in the Partnership,
including those which are held by a Retaining Withdrawn Partner. An
Interest held by the Feeder Vehicle shall, and any other Interest
may be, segregated into multiple Interests for all purposes
hereof.

“ Investment
” means any investment (direct or indirect) of the
Partnership designated by the General Partner from time to time as
an investment in which the Partners’ respective interests
shall be established and accounted for on a basis separate from the
Partnership’s other businesses, activities and investments,
including any BREP International II investments.
 

6
 


“ Investor Limited
Partner ” means any Limited Partner so designated at the
time of its admission as a partner of the Partnership.

“ L/C ”
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(d)(vi).

“ L/C Partner
” has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.1(d)(vi).

“ Limited
Partner ” means any person who is shown on the books and
records of the Partnership as a Limited Partner of the Partnership,
including any Special Limited Partner, any Investor Limited Partner
and any Nonvoting Limited Partner.

“ Loss Amount
” has the meaning set forth in
Section 5.8(e).

“ Loss
Investment ” has the meaning set forth in
Section 5.8(e).

“ Majority in
Interest of the Partners ” on any date (a “vote
date”) means one or more persons who are Partners (including
the General Partner and the Special Limited Partners but excluding
Nonvoting Limited Partners) on the vote date and who, as of the
last day of the most recent accounting period ending on or prior to
the vote date (or as of such later date on or prior to the vote
date selected by the General Partner as of which the
Partners’ capital account balances can be determined), have
aggregate capital account balances representing at least a majority
in amount of the total capital account balances of all the persons
who are Partners (including the General Partner and the Special
Limited Partners but excluding Nonvoting Limited Partners) on the
vote date.

“ Moody’s
” means Moody’s Investor Services, Inc., or any
successor thereto.

“ Net Carried
Interest Distribution ” has the meaning set forth in
Section 5.8(e).

“ Net Carried
Interest Distribution Recontribution Amount ” has the
meaning set forth in Section 5.8(e).

“ Net Income
(Loss) ” has the meaning set forth in
Section 5.1(b).

“ Net Recontribution
Amount ” has the meaning set forth in
Section 5.8(d)(i)(A).

“ Non-Carried
Interest ” means, with respect to each Investment, all
amounts of distributions, other than Carried Interest, received by
the Partnership with respect to such Investment, less any costs,
fees and expenses of the Partnership with respect thereto and less
reasonable reserves for payment of costs, fees and expenses of the
Partnership that are anticipated with respect thereto, in each case
which the General Partner may allocate to all or any portion of the
Investments as it may determine in good faith is
appropriate.

“ Non-Carried
Interest Sharing Percentage ” means, with respect to each
Investment, the percentage interest of a Partner in Non-Carried
Interest from such Investment set forth in the books and records of
the Partnership.

“ Non-Contingent
” means generally not subject to repurchase rights or other
requirements.
 

7
 


“ Nonvoting Limited
Partner ” has the meaning set forth in
Section 6.1(a).

“ Other Fund GPs
” means BRE Associates International II, BREA International
II, BRECA International II, BREA International (Delaware) II and
any other entity (other than the Partnership) through which any
Partner, Withdrawn Partner or any other person directly receives
any amounts of Carried Interest, and any successor thereto;
provided , that this includes any other entity which has in
its organizational documents a provision which indicates that it is
a “Fund GP” or an “Other Fund GP”;
provided further , that notwithstanding any of the
foregoing, none of Holdings, any estate planning vehicle
established for the benefit of family members of any Partner or any
member or partner of any Other Fund GP shall be considered an
“Other Fund GP” for purposes hereof; provided
further , that the foregoing exclusion of such estate
planning vehicles shall in no way limit such Partners’
obligations pursuant to Section 5.8(d).

“ Partner
” means any person who is a partner of the Partnership,
whether a General Partner or a Limited Partner in whatsoever
Partner Category.

“ Partner
Category ” shall mean the Existing Partners, Retaining
Withdrawn Partners or Deceased Partners, each referred to as a
group for purposes hereof.

“ Partnership
” has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

“ Partnership
Act ” means the Partnership Act (Revised Statutes of
Alberta, 2000, C.P.-3, et seq.) , as it may be amended from
time to time, and any successor to such statute.

“ Profit Sharing
Percentage ” means the “Carried Interest Sharing
Percentage” and “Non-Carried Interest Sharing
Percentage” of each Partner; provided that any
references in this Agreement to Profit Sharing Percentages made
(a) in connection with voting or voting rights or
(b) capital contributions with respect to Investments
(including Section 5.3(d)) shall mean the “Non-Carried
Interest Sharing Percentage” of each Partner; provided
further , that any reference in this Agreement to Profit
Sharing Percentage that specifically refers to Net Income unrelated
to BREP International II shall continue to refer to the amount of
each Partner’s percentage interest in a category of Net
Income (Loss) established by the General Partner from time to time
pursuant to Section 5.3.

“ Qualifying
Fund ” means any other fund designated by the General
Partner as a “Qualifying Fund”.

“ Recontribution
Amount ” has the meaning set forth in
Section 5.8(d)(i).

“ Repurchase
Period ” has the meaning set forth in
Section 5.8(c).

“ Required
Amounts ” means amounts equal to the Partnership’s
portion of the required capital contribution in respect of any BREP
International II Investment to be made by the general partner of
BREP International II (including, without limitation, BREA
International (Delaware) II), as determined by the General Partner
from time to time, which amounts shall be used by the Partnership
to fund capital contributions to BREA International II and
indirectly, through BREA International II, to the general partner
of BREP International II (including, without limitation, BREA
International (Delaware) II).

“ Required
Rating ” has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.1(d)(vi).
 

8
 


“ Retaining
Withdrawn Partner ” shall mean a Withdrawn Partner who
has retained a partnership interest in the Partnership, pursuant to
Section 6.5(f) or otherwise. A Retaining Withdrawn Partner
shall be considered a Partner for all purposes hereof.

“ Securities
” means any debt or equity securities of an Issuer and its
subsidiaries and other Controlled Entities constituting part of an
Investment, including without limitation common and preferred
stock, interests in limited partnerships and interests in limited
liability companies (including warrants, rights, put and call
options and other options relating thereto or any combination
thereof), notes, bonds, debentures, trust receipts and other
obligations, instruments or evidences of indebtedness, choses in
action, other property or interests commonly regarded as
securities, interests in real property, whether improved or
unimproved, interests in oil and gas properties and mineral
properties, short-term investments commonly regarded as
money-market investments, bank deposits and interests in personal
property of all kinds, whether tangible or intangible.

“ Settlement
Date ” has the meaning set forth in
Section 6.5(a).

“ SMD Agreements
” means the agreements between the Partnership and/or one or
more of its affiliates and the Partners, pursuant to which each
Partner undertakes certain obligations with respect to the
Partnership and/or its affiliates. The SMD Agreements are hereby
incorporated by reference as between the Partnership and the
relevant Partner.

“ Special Firm
Collateral ” means interests in a Qualifying Fund that
have been pledged to the Trustee(s) to satisfy all or any portion
of a Partner’s or Withdrawn Partner’s Holdback
(excluding any Excess Holdback) as more fully described in the
books and records of the Partnership.

“ Special Firm
Collateral Realization ” has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.1(d)(viii)(B).

“ Special Limited
Partner ” means any of the persons shown on the books and
records of the Partnership as a Special Limited Partner and any
person admitted to the Partnership as an additional Special Limited
Partner in accordance with the provisions of this
Agreement.

“ S&P
” means Standard & Poor’s Ratings Group, and
any successor thereto.

“ Subject
Investment ” has the meaning set forth in
Section 5.8(e).

“ Subject
Partner ” has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.1(d)(iv)(A).

“ Total
Disability ” means the inability of a Limited Partner
substantially to perform the obligations required of such Limited
Partner (in its capacity as such or in any other capacity with
respect to any affiliate of the Partnership) for a period of six
consecutive months by reason of physical or mental illness or
incapacity and whether arising out of sickness, accident or
otherwise.

“ Trust Account
” has the meaning set forth in the Trust
Agreement.

“ Trust
Agreement ” means the Trust Agreement, dated as of
August 5, 2005, as amended to date, among the Partners, the
Trustee(s) and certain other persons that may receive distributions
in respect of or relating to Carried Interest from time to
time.
 

9
 


“ Trust Amount
” has the meaning set forth in the Trust
Agreement.

“ Trust Income
” has the meaning set forth in the Trust
Agreement.

“ Trustee(s)
” has the meaning set forth in the Trust
Agreement.

“ Unadjusted Carried
Interest Distributions ” has the meaning set forth in
Section 5.8(e).

“ Unallocated
Percentage ” has the meaning set forth in
Section 5.3(b).

“ Unrealized Net
Income (Loss) ” attributable to any BREP International II
Investment as of any date means the Net Income (Loss) that would be
realized by the Partnership with respect to such BREP International
II Investment if BREP International II’s entire portfolio of
investments were sold on such date for cash in an amount equal to
their aggregate value on such date (determined in accordance with
Section 5.1(e)) and all distributions payable by BREP
International II to the Partnership (indirectly) pursuant to the
BREP International II Agreement with respect to such BREP
International II Investment were made on such date.
“Unrealized Net Income (Loss)” attributable to any
other Investment as of any date means the Net Income (Loss) that
would be realized by the Partnership with respect to such
Investment if such Investment were sold on such date for cash in an
amount equal to its value on such date (determined in accordance
with Section 5.1(e)).

“ Withdraw
” or “ Withdrawal ” with respect to a
Partner means a Partner ceasing to be a partner of the Partnership
(except as a Retaining Withdrawn Partner) for any reason (including
death, disability, removal, resignation or retirement, whether such
is voluntary or involuntary), unless the context shall limit the
type of withdrawal to a specific reason and subject to any written
agreements between a Partner and the Partnership or any affiliate
thereof, and “Withdrawn” with respect to a Partner
means, as aforesaid, a Partner who has ceased to be a partner of
the Partnership.

“ Withdrawal
Date ” has the meaning set forth in
Section 6.5(a).

“ Withdrawn
Partner ” has the meaning set forth in
Section 6.5(a).

1.2. Terms Generally .
The definitions in Section 1.1 shall apply equally to both the
singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the
context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding
masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The term “
person ” includes individuals, partnerships (including
limited liability partnerships), companies (including limited
liability companies), joint ventures, corporations, trusts,
governments (or agencies or political subdivisions thereof) and
other associations and entities. The words “include”,
“includes” and “including” shall be deemed
to be followed by the phrase “without
limitation”.

ARTICLE II

GENERAL PROVISIONS

2.1. General Partner and
Limited Partners . The Partners may be General Partners or
Limited Partners. The General Partner is BREA (Cayman). The Limited
Partners shall be as shown on the books and records of the
Partnership.
 

10
 


2.2. Formation; Name .
The Partnership was formed upon the filing and recording of a
Certificate with the Registrar of Corporations on July 12,
2005 (L.P. No. 11813029) and is hereby continued as a limited
partnership pursuant to the Partnership Act and shall conduct its
activities under the name of Blackstone Real Estate Management
Associates International II L.P.

2.3. Term . The term
of the Partnership shall continue until December 31, 2055,
unless earlier dissolved and terminated in accordance with this
Agreement.

2.4. Purpose; Powers .
(a) The purpose and character of the business of the
Partnership shall be, directly or indirectly through subsidiaries
or affiliates, (i) to serve as a limited partner of BREA
International II or of any Other Fund GP and perform the
obligations of a limited partner specified in such entities’
respective partnership or similar agreements, (ii) to serve as
general partner or limited partner of other partnerships, a member
of limited liability companies, and hold interests in companies,
corporations and other entities, (iii) to carry on such other
businesses for profit, perform such other services and make such
other investments for profit as are deemed desirable by the General
Partner, subject to the Partner vote requirements set forth in
Section 3.3, (iv) any other lawful purpose, and
(v) to do all things necessary and incidental
thereto.

(b) In furtherance of its
purpose, the Partnership shall have all powers necessary, suitable
or convenient for the accomplishment of its purposes, alone or with
others, as principal or agent, including the following:

(i) to buy, sell and
otherwise acquire investments, whether such investments are readily
marketable or not;

(ii) to invest and reinvest
the cash assets of the Partnership in money-market or other
short-term investments;

(iii) to hold, receive,
mortgage, pledge, lease, transfer, exchange or otherwise dispose
of, grant options with respect to, and otherwise deal in and
exercise all rights, powers, privileges and other incidents of
ownership or possession with respect to, all property held or owned
by the Partnership;

(iv) to borrow or raise money
from time to time and to issue promissory notes, drafts, bills of
exchange, warrants, bonds, debentures and other negotiable and
non-negotiable instruments and evidences of indebtedness, to secure
payment of the principal of any such indebtedness and the interest
thereon by mortgage, pledge, conveyance or assignment in trust of,
or the granting of a security interest in, the whole or any part of
the property of the Partnership, whether at the time owned or
thereafter acquired, to guarantee the obligations of others and to
buy, sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of any such instrument or
evidence of indebtedness;

(v) to lend any of its
property or funds, either with or without security, at any legal
rate of interest or without interest;

(vi) to have and maintain one
or more offices within or without the Province of Alberta, Canada,
and in connection therewith, to rent or acquire office space,
engage personnel and compensate them and do such other acts and
things as may be advisable or necessary in connection with the
maintenance of such office or offices;

(vii) to open, maintain and
close accounts, including margin accounts, with brokers;
 

11
 


(viii) to open, maintain and
close bank accounts and draw checks and other orders for the
payment of moneys;

(ix) to engage accountants,
auditors, custodians, investment advisers, attorneys and any and
all other agents and assistants, both professional and
nonprofessional, and to compensate them as may be necessary or
advisable;

(x) to form or cause to be
formed and to own the stock of one or more corporations, whether
foreign or domestic, to form or cause to be formed and to
participate in partnerships and joint ventures, whether foreign or
domestic, and to form or cause to be formed and be a member or
manager or both of one or more limited liability
companies;

(xi) to enter into, make and
perform all contracts, agreements and other undertakings as may be
necessary, convenient or advisable or incident to carrying out its
purposes;

(xii) to sue and be sued, to
prosecute, settle or compromise all claims against third parties,
to compromise, settle or accept judgment to claims against the
Partnership, and to execute all documents and make all
representations, admissions and waivers in connection
therewith;

(xiii) to distribute, subject
to the terms of this Agreement, at any time and from time to time
to Partners cash or investments or other property of the
Partnership, or any combination thereof; and

(xiv) to take such other
actions necessary or incidental thereto and to engage in such other
businesses as may be permitted under applicable law.

2.5. Place of Business
. The Partnership shall maintain an office and principal place of
business at 345 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10154 U.S.A., or
such other place or places as may from time to time be designated
by the General Partner.

2.6. Feeder Vehicle .
(a) The Interest of the Feeder Vehicle shall be treated as
Interests held by more than one Limited Partner for purposes of
determining the appropriate treatment of the Feeder Vehicle in
connection herewith, in light of the multiple interest holders in
the Feeder Vehicle. This shall include (i) reflecting on the
books and records of the Partnership a separate Interest held by
the Feeder Vehicle with respect to each interest holder therein and
(ii) applying the provisions of Article IV as though the
interest holder were a direct Limited Partner in the
Partnership.

(b) If any interest holder of
the Feeder Vehicle fails to make a Capital Contribution to the
Feeder Vehicle, the Feeder Vehicle may be treated as a Defaulting
Limited Partner in accordance with the provisions hereof, but
solely with respect to such interest holder’s indirect
interest in the Partnership.

(c) In the case of any vote
of Limited Partners under this Agreement or any law, the Feeder
Vehicle shall vote its Interest in proportion to the votes on such
matter of the interest holders thereof, based on their pro rata
interest therein, that are unaffiliated with the General
Partner.

(d) The General Partner may
make any adjustments to the Interest of the Feeder Vehicle to
accomplish the overall objectives of this Section 2.6;
provided , that such adjustments shall in no way have a
materially adverse effect on the Interests of any other
Partner.
 

12
 


ARTICLE III

MANAGEMENT

3.1. General Partner .
BREA (Cayman) shall be the “ General Partner .”
A General Partner may not be removed without its consent. The
management of the business and affairs of the Partnership shall be
vested in the General Partner as provided in
Section 3.4.

3.2. Limited Partners
. The Limited Partners shall be the parties set forth on the books
and records of the Partnership as Limited Partners as of the date
hereof.

3.3. Partner Voting,
etc.

(a) Meetings of the Partners
may be held only when called by the General Partner.

(b) Except as may be
expressly required or permitted by the Partnership Act, Limited
Partners as such shall have no right to, and shall not, take part
in the control of the Partnership’s business or act for or
bind the Partnership, and shall have only the rights and powers of
a limited partner as provided in both the Partnership Act and this
Agreement.

(c) To the extent a Partner
is entitled to vote with respect to any matter relating to the
Partnership, such Partner shall not be obligated to abstain from
voting on any matter (or vote in any particular manner) because of
any interest (or conflict of interest) of such Partner (or any
affiliate thereof) in such matter.

3.4. Management .
(a) The full management, control and operation of the
Partnership and the formulation and execution of business and
investment policy shall be vested in the General Partner, and the
General Partner shall have full control over the business and
affairs of the Partnership. The General Partner shall, in the
General Partner’s discretion, exercise all powers necessary
and convenient for the purposes of the Partnership, including,
without limitation, those enumerated in Section 2.4, on behalf
and in the name of the Partnership. If there shall be more than one
General Partner, any action by the General Partners shall require
the unanimous approval of the General Partners. All decisions and
determinations (howsoever described herein) to be made by the
General Partner pursuant to this Agreement shall be made in the
General Partner’s discretion, subject only to the express
terms and conditions of this Agreement.

(b) All outside business or
investment activities of the Partners (including outside
directorships or trusteeships) shall be subject to such rules and
regulations as are established by the General Partner from time to
time.

3.5. Responsibilities of
Partners . The General Partner may from time to time establish
such rules and regulations applicable to Partners the General
Partner deem appropriate.

3.6. [ Intentionally
Omitted ].

3.7. Exculpation and
Indemnification . (a)  Liability to Partners .
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, whether
express or implied, to the fullest extent permitted by law, no
Partner nor any of such Partner’s representatives, agents or
advisors nor any partner, member, officer, employee,
representative, agent or advisor of the Partnership or any of its
affiliates (individually, a “ Covered Person ”
and collectively, the “ Covered Persons ”) shall
be liable to the Partnership or any other Partner for any act or
omission (in relation to the Partnership, this Agreement, any
related document or
 

13
 

any transaction or investment
contemplated hereby or thereby) taken or omitted by a Covered
Person (other than any act or omission constituting Cause), unless
there is a final and non-appealable judicial determination and/or
determination of an arbitrator that such Covered Person did not act
in good faith and in what such Covered Person reasonably believed
to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the Partnership
and within the authority granted to such Covered Person by this
Agreement, and, with respect to any criminal act or proceeding, had
reasonable cause to believe that such Covered Person’s
conduct was unlawful. Each Covered Person shall be entitled to rely
in good faith on the advice of legal counsel to the Partnership,
accountants and other experts or professional advisors, and no
action taken by any Covered Person in reliance on such advice shall
in any event subject such person to any liability to any Partner or
the Partnership. To the extent that, at law or in equity, a Partner
has duties (including fiduciary duties) and liabilities relating
thereto to the Partnership or to another Partner, to the fullest
extent permitted by law, such Partner acting under this Agreement
shall not be liable to the Partnership or to any such other Partner
for its good faith reliance on the provisions of this Agreement.
The provisions of this Agreement, to the extent that they expand or
restrict the duties and liabilities of a Partner otherwise existing
at law or in equity, are agreed by the Partners, to the fullest
extent permitted by law, to modify to that extent such other duties
and liabilities of such Partner.

(b) Indemnification .
To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Partnership shall
indemnify and hold harmless (but only to the extent of the
Partnership’s assets (including, without limitation, the
remaining Commitments of the Partners) each Covered Person from and
against any and all claims, damages, losses, costs, expenses and
liabilities (including, without limitation, amounts paid in
satisfaction of judgments, in compromises and settlements, as fines
and penalties and legal or other costs and reasonable expenses of
investigating or defending against any claim or alleged claim),
joint and several, of any nature whatsoever, known or unknown,
liquidated or unliquidated (collectively, “ Losses
”), arising from any and all claims, demands, actions, suits
or proceedings, civil, criminal, administrative or investigative,
in which the Covered Person may be involved, or threatened to be
involved, as a party or otherwise, by reason of such Covered
Person’s participation in the affairs of the Partnership or
which relate to or arise out of or in connection with the
Partnership, its property, its business or affairs (other than
claims, demands, actions, suits or proceedings, civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative, arising out of any act or omission
of such Covered Person constituting Cause); provided , that
a Covered Person shall not be entitled to indemnification under
this Section with respect to any claim, issue or matter if there is
a final and non-appealable judicial determination and/or
determination of an arbitrator that such Covered Person did not act
in good faith and in what such Covered Person reasonably believed
to be in, or not opposed to, the best interest of the Partnership
and within the authority granted to such Covered Person by this
Agreement, and, with respect to any criminal act or proceeding, had
reasonable cause to believe that such Covered Person’s
conduct was unlawful; provided further , that if such
Covered Person is a Partner or a Withdrawn Partner, such Covered
Person shall bear its share of such Losses in accordance with such
Covered Person’s Profit Sharing Percentage in the Partnership
as of the time of the actions or omissions that gave rise to such
Losses. To the fullest extent permitted by law, expenses (including
legal fees) incurred by a Covered Person (including, without
limitation, the General Partner) in defending any claim, demand,
action, suit or proceeding may, with the approval of the General
Partner, from time to time, be advanced by the Partnership prior to
the final disposition of such claim, demand, action, suit or
proceeding upon receipt by the Partnership of a written undertaking
by or on behalf of the Covered Person to repay such amount to the
extent that it shall be subsequently determined that the Covered
Person is not entitled to be indemnified as authorized in this
Section, and the Partnership and its affiliates shall have a
continuing right of offset against such Covered Person’s
interests/investments in the Partnership and such affiliates and
shall have the right to withhold amounts otherwise distributable to
such Covered Person to satisfy such repayment obligation. If a
Partner institutes litigation against a Covered Person which gives
rise to an indemnity obligation hereunder, such Partner shall be
responsible, up to the amount of such Partner’s Interests and
remaining Commitment, for such Partner’s pro rata
share of the Partnership’s expenses related to such indemnity
obligation, as
 

14
 

determined by the General Partner. The
Partnership may purchase insurance, to the extent available at
reasonable cost, to cover losses, claims, damages or liabilities
covered by the foregoing indemnification provisions. Partners will
not be personally obligated with respect to indemnification
pursuant to this Section.

3.8. Tax
Representation . Each Limited Partner certifies that
(A) if the Limited Partner is a United States person (as
defined in the Code) (x) (i) the Limited Partner’s
name, social security number (or, if applicable, employer
identification number) and address provided to the Partnership and
its affiliates pursuant to an IRS Form W-9, Payer’s Request
for Taxpayer Identification Number Certification (“
W-9 ”) or otherwise are correct and (ii) the
Limited Partner will complete and return a W-9, and
(y) (i) the Limited Partner is a United States person (as
defined in the Code) and (ii) the Limited Partner will notify
the Partnership within 60 days of a change to foreign (non-United
States) status or (B) if the Limited Partner is not a United
States person (as defined in the Code) (x) (i) the
information on the completed IRS Form W-8BEN, Certificate of
Foreign Status of Beneficial Owner for United States Tax
Withholding (“ W-8BEN ”) or other applicable
form, including but not limited to IRS Form W-8IMY, Certificate of
Foreign Intermediary, Foreign Partnership, or Certain U.S. Branches
for United States Tax Withholding (“ W-8IMY ”),
or otherwise is correct and (ii) the Limited Partner will
complete and return the applicable IRS form, including but not
limited to a W-8BEN or W-8IMY, and (y) (i) the Limited
Partner is not a United States person (as defined in the Code) and
(ii) the Limited Partner will notify the Partnership within 60
days of any change of such status. The Limited Partner agrees to
properly execute and provide to the Partnership in a timely manner
any tax documentation that may be reasonably required by the
General Partner.

ARTICLE IV

CAPITAL OF THE
PARTNERSHIP

4.1. Capital Contributions
by Partners . (a) Except as agreed by the Managing Member
and a Regular Member, such Limited Partner shall not be required to
make capital contributions to the Partnership at such times and in
such amounts as are required to fund the Required Amounts, as
determined by the General Partner from time to time; provided, that
(i) such additional capital contributions may be made pro rata
among the Limited Partners based upon the allocation of the Carried
Interest in each BREP International II Investment by the General
Partner and (ii) additional capital contributions in excess of
Required Amounts which are to be used for ongoing business
operations (as distinct from financing legal or other specific
liabilities of the Partnership) (including those specifically set
forth in Sections 4.1(d) and 5.8(d)); provided further, that the
General Partner may excuse any Nonvoting Limited Partner from
making capital contributions to fund Required Amounts as provided
in the books and records of the Partnership. Limited Partners
(other than Special Limited Partners) shall not be required to make
additional capital contributions to the Partnership except
(i) as a condition of an increase in such Limited
Partner’s Profit Sharing Percentage, or (ii) as
specifically set forth in this Agreement; provided, however, that
the General Partner and any Limited Partner (other than a Special
Limited Partner) may agree from time to time that such Limited
Partner shall make an additional capital contribution to the
Partnership; provided further, that each Investor Limited Partner
shall maintain its capital account at a level equal to the product
of (i) its Profit Sharing Percentage from time to time and
(ii) the total capital of the Partnership; provided further,
that the foregoing in no way limits any other provision of this
Agreement (including without limitation, Sections 5.8(d) and
(e) and 6.5) or of any written agreement between a Partner and
the Partnership or an affiliate thereof which requires the making
of any such additional capital contribution. If required by
applicable law, the maximum amount of capital a Limited Partner is
obligated to contribute to the Partnership shall be disclosed in a
Certificate filed in accordance with the Partnership Act; and
provided further, that the General Partner shall be required to
make a maximum capital contribution of (U.S.)$10. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the unfunded amount
 

15
 

of any Limited Partner’s
commitment to make capital contributions to the Partnership (such
Limited Partner’s “Unfunded Commitment”) may be
determined and redetermined by the General Partner from time to
time (including, without limitation, any redetermination that
results in a reduction in such Limited Partner’s Unfunded
Commitment, which reduction may be retroactive); provided, that
each Limited Partner agrees to make capital contributions in the
full amount of such Limited Partner’s Unfunded Commitment at
any time, on condition that the General Partner does not thereafter
make a redetermination that results in a reduction in such Limited
Partner’s Unfunded Commitment and subject to all other terms
and conditions set forth herein and/or in any other agreement
relating thereto; and provided further, that, following an initial
determination of a Limited Partner’s commitment such Limited
Partner’s Unfunded Commitment shall not be increased without
the consent of such Limited Partner. Any provision of this
Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, no capital contribution
shall become due and payable or be required to be made by any
Partner, unless and until it shall be called by the General Partner
for the purposes set forth herein or in the Commitment Agreement or
SMD Agreement of such Partner.

(b) Each capital contribution
by a Partner shall be credited to the appropriate capital account
of such Partner in accordance with Section 5.2.

(c) The General Partner may
elect on a case by case basis to (i) cause the Partnership to
loan any Partner (including any additional Partner admitted to the
Partnership pursuant to Section 6.1 but excluding any Partner
that is an executive officer of The Blackstone Group) the amount of
any capital contribution required to be made by such Partner or
(ii) permit any Partner (including any additional Partner
admitted to the Partnership pursuant to Section 6.1) to make a
required capital contribution to the Partnership in installments in
kind, in each case on terms (including valuation of contributed
property in the case of in kind contributions permitted by the
General Partner) determined by the General Partner.

(d) (i) The Partners and the
Withdrawn Partners have entered into the Trust Agreement, pursuant
to which certain amounts of the distributions relating to the
Carried Interest will be paid to the Trustee(s) for deposit in the
Trust Account (such amounts to be paid to the Trustee(s) for
deposit in the Trust Account constituting a “ Holdback
”). The General Partner shall determine, as set forth below,
the percentage of each distribution of Carried Interest that shall
be withheld for each Partner Category (such withheld percentage
constituting such Partner Category’s “ Holdback
Percentage ”). The applicable Holdback Percentages
initially shall be 15% for Existing Partners (other than the
General Partner), 0% for the Holdings, 21% for Retaining Withdrawn
Partners and 24% for Deceased Partners (the “ Initial
Holdback Percentages ”).

(ii) The Holdback Percentage
may not be reduced for any individual Partner as compared to the
other Partners in his Partner Category (except as provided in
clause (iv) below). The General Partner may only reduce the
Holdback Percentages among the Partner Categories on a
proportionate basis; provided, that the Holdback Percentage
applicable to Holdings may not be increased or decreased without
its consent. For example, if the Holdback Percentage for Existing
Partners is decreased to 12.5%, the Holdback Percentage for
Retaining Withdrawn Partners and Deceased Partners shall be reduced
to 17.5% and 20%, respectively. Any reduction in the Holdback
Percentage for any Partner shall apply only to distributions
relating to Carried Interest made after the date of such
reduction.

(iii) The Holdback Percentage
may not be increased for any individual Partner as compared to the
other Partners in his Partner Category (except as provided in
clause (iv) below). The General Partner may not increase the
Retaining Withdrawn Partners’ Holdback Percentage beyond 21%
unless the General Partner concurrently increases the Existing
Partners’ Holdback Percentage to 21%. The General Partner may
not increase the Deceased Partners’ Holdback
 

16
 


Percentage beyond 24% unless
the General Partner increases the Holdback Percentage for both
Existing Partners and Retaining Withdrawn Partners to 24%. The
General Partner may not increase the Holdback Percentage of any
Partner Category beyond 24% unless such increase applies equally to
all Partner Categories. Any increase in the Holdback Percentage for
any Partner shall apply only to distributions relating to Carried
Interest made after the date of such increase. The foregoing shall
in no way prevent the General Partner from proportionately
increasing the Holdback Percentage of any Partner Category
(following a reduction of the Holdback Percentages below the
Initial Holdback Percentages), if the resulting Holdback
Percentages are consistent with the above. For example, if the
General Partner reduces the Holdback Percentages for Existing
Partners, Retaining Withdrawn Partners and Deceased Partners to
12.5%, 17.5% and 20%, respectively, the General Partner shall have
the right to subsequently increase the Holdback Percentages to the
Initial Holdback Percentages.

(iv) (A) Notwithstanding
anything contained herein to the contrary, the Partnership may
increase or decrease the Holdback Percentage for any Partner in any
Partner Category (in such capacity, the “ Subject
Partner ”) pursuant to a majority vote of the Special
Limited Partners and of the special limited partners of BRE
Associates (a “ Holdback Vote ”); provided,
that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
the Holdback Percentage applicable to the General Partner shall not
be increased or decreased without its prior written consent;
provided further , that a Subject Partner’s
Holdback Percentage shall not be (I) increased prior to such
time as such Subject Partner (x) is notified by the
Partnership of the decision to increase such Subject
Partner’s Holdback Percentage and (y) has, if requested
by such Subject Partner, been given 30 days to gather and provide
information to the Partnership for consideration before a second
Holdback Vote (requested by the Subject Partner) and (II) decreased
unless such decrease occurs subsequent to an increase in a Subject
Partner’s Holdback Percentage pursuant to a Holdback Vote
under this clause (iv); provided further , that such
decrease shall not exceed an amount such that such Subject
Partner’s Holdback Percentage is less than the prevailing
Holdback Percentage for such Subject Partner’s Partner
Category; provided further , that a Partner or a
special limited partner of BRE Associates shall not vote to
increase a Subject Partner’s Holdback Percentage unless such
voting partner determines, in his good faith judgment, that the
facts and circumstances indicate that it is reasonably likely that
such Subject Partner, or any of his successors or assigns
(including his estate or heirs) who at the time of such vote holds
the Partnership interest or otherwise has the right to receive
distributions relating thereto, will not be capable of satisfying
any Recontribution Amounts that may become due.

 


 
(B)
A Holdback Vote shall take place at a Partnership meeting,
which shall also include the special limited partners of BRE
Associates. Each Special Limited Partner or special limited partner
of BRE Associates shall be entitled to cast one vote with respect
to the Holdback Vote regardless of such Special Limited
Partner’s interest in the Partnership or special limited
partner of BRE Associates’ interest in BRE Associates, as the
case may be. Such vote may be cast by any such Special Limited
Partner or special limited partner in person or by
proxy.



 


 
(C)

If the result
of the second Holdback Vote is an increase in a Subject
Partner’s Holdback Percentage, such Subject Partner may
submit the decision to an arbitrator, the identity of which is
mutually agreed upon by both the Subject Partner and the
Partnership; provided , that if the Partnership and the
Subject Partner cannot agree upon a mutually satisfactory
arbitrator



 

17
 



 

within 10 days of the
second Holdback Vote, each of the Partnership and the Subject
Partner shall request its candidate for arbitrator to select a
third arbitrator satisfactory to such candidates; provided
further , that if such candidates fail to agree upon a
mutually satisfactory arbitrator within 30 days of such request,
the then sitting President of the American Arbitration Association
shall unilaterally select the arbitrator. Each Subject Partner that
submits the decision of the Partnership pursuant to the second
Holdback Vote to arbitration and the Partnership shall estimate
their reasonably projected out-of-pocket expenses relating thereto
and each such party shall, to the satisfaction of the arbitrator
and prior to any determination being made by the arbitrator, pay
the total of such estimated expenses (i.e., both the Subject
Partner’s and the Partnership’s expenses) into an
escrow account to be controlled by Simpson Thacher &
Bartlett LLP, as escrow agent (or such other comparable law firm as
the Partnership and Subject Partner shall agree). The arbitrator
shall direct the escrow agent to pay out of such escrow account all
expenses associated with such arbitration (including costs leading
thereto) and to return to the “victorious” party the
entire amount of funds such party paid into such escrow account. If
the amount contributed to the escrow account by the losing party is
insufficient to cover the expenses of such arbitration, such
“losing” party shall then provide any additional funds
necessary to cover such costs to such “victorious”
party. For purposes hereof, the “victorious” party
shall be the Partnership, if the Holdback Percentage ultimately
determined by the arbitrator is closer to the percentage determined
in the second Holdback Vote than it is to the prevailing Holdback
Percentage for the Subject Partner’s Partner Category;
otherwise, the Subject Partner shall be the
“victorious” party. The party that is not the
“victorious” party shall be the “losing”
party.




 


 
(D)
In the event of a decrease in a Subject Partner’s
Holdback Percentage (1) pursuant to a Holdback Vote under this
clause (iv) or (2) pursuant to a decision of an
arbitrator under paragraph (C) of this clause (iv), the
Partnership shall release and distribute to such Subject Partner
any Trust Amounts (and the Trust Income thereon (except as
expressly provided herein with respect to using Trust Income as
Firm Collateral)) which exceed the required Holdback of such
Subject Partner (in accordance with such Subject Partner’s
reduced Holdback Percentage) as though such reduced Holdback
Percentage had applied since the increase of the Subject
Partner’s Holdback Percentage pursuant to a previous Holdback
Vote under this clause (iv).



(v) (A) If a Partner’s
Holdback Percentage exceeds 15% (such percentage in excess of 15%
constituting the “ Excess Holdback Percentage
”), such Partner may satisfy the portion of his Holdback
obligation in respect of his Excess Holdback Percentage (such
portion constituting such Partner’s “ Excess
Holdback ”), and such Partner (or a Withdrawn Partner
with respect to amounts contributed to the Trust Account while he
was a Partner), to the extent his
 

18
 


Excess Holdback obligation
has previously been satisfied in cash, may obtain the release of
the Trust Amounts (but not the Trust Income thereon which shall
remain in the Trust Account and allocated to such Partner or
Withdrawn Partner) satisfying such Partner’s or Withdrawn
Partner’s Excess Holdback obligation, by pledging or
otherwise making available to the Partnership, on a first priority
basis (except as provided below), all or any portion of his Firm
Collateral in satisfaction of his Excess Holdback obligation. Any
Partner seeking to satisfy all or any portion of the Excess
Holdback utilizing Firm Collateral shall sign such documents and
otherwise take such other action as is necessary or appropriate (in
the good faith judgment of the General Partner) to perfect a first
priority security interest in, and otherwise assure the ability of
the Partnership to realize on (if required), such Firm Collateral;
provided , that in the case of entities listed on
Partnership’s books and records, in which Partners/members
are permitted to pledge their interests therein to finance all or a
portion of their capital contributions thereof (“
Pledgable Blackstone Interests ”), to the extent a
first priority security interest is unavailable because of an
existing lien on such Firm Collateral, the Partner or Withdrawn
Partner seeking to utilize such Firm Collateral shall grant the
Partnership a second priority security interest therein in the
manner provided above; provided further , that
(x) to the extent that neither a first priority nor a second
priority security interest in Pledgable Blackstone Interests is
available, or (y) if the General Partner otherwise determines
in its good faith judgment that a security interest in Firm
Collateral (and the corresponding documents and actions) are not
necessary or appropriate, the Partner or Withdrawn Partner shall
(in the case of either clause (x) or (y) above)
irrevocably instruct in writing the relevant partnership, limited
liability company or other entity listed on Exhibit A to remit any
and all net proceeds resulting from a Firm Collateral Realization
on such Firm Collateral to the Trustee(s) as more fully provided in
clause (B) below. The Partnership shall, at the request of any
Partner or Withdrawn Partner, assist such Partner or Withdrawn
Partner in taking such action necessary to enable such Partner or
Withdrawn Partner to use Firm Collateral as provided
hereunder.

 


 
(B)
If upon a sale or other realization of all or any portion of
any Firm Collateral (a “ Firm Collateral Realization
”), the remaining Firm Collateral is insufficient to cover
any Partner’s or Withdrawn Partner’s Excess Holdback
requirement, then up to 100% of the net proceeds otherwise
distributable to such Partner or Withdrawn Partner from such Firm
Collateral Realization (including distributions subject to the
repayment of financing sources as in the case of Pledgable
Blackstone Interests) shall be paid into the Trust Account to fully
satisfy such Excess Holdback requirement (allocated to such Partner
or Withdrawn Partner) and shall be deemed to be Trust Amounts for
purposes hereunder. Any net proceeds from such Firm Collateral
Realization in excess of the amount necessary to satisfy such
Excess Holdback requirement shall be distributed to such Partner or
Withdrawn Partner.



 


 
(C)

Upon any
valuation or revaluation of Firm Collateral that results in a
decreased valuation of such Firm Collateral so that such Firm
Collateral is insufficient to cover any Partner’s or
Withdrawn Partner’s Excess Holdback requirement (including
upon a Firm Collateral Realization, if net proceeds therefrom and
the remaining Firm Collateral are insufficient to cover any
Partner’s or Withdrawn Partner’s Excess Holdback
requirement), the Partnership shall provide notice of the foregoing
to such



 

19
 



 

Partner or Withdrawn
Partner and such Partner or Withdrawn Partner shall, within 30 days
of receiving such notice, contribute cash (or additional Firm
Collateral) to the Trust Account in an amount necessary to satisfy
his Excess Holdback requirement. If any such Partner or Withdrawn
Partner defaults upon his obligations under this clause (C), then
Section 5.8(d)(ii) shall apply thereto; provided , that
the first sentence of Section 5.8(d)(ii) shall be deemed
inapplicable to a default under this clause (C); provided
further , that for purposes of applying
Section 5.8(d)(ii) to a default under this clause (C):
(1) the term “Defaulting Party” where such term
appears in such Section 5.8(d)(ii) shall be construed as
“defaulting party” for purposes hereof and (2) the
terms “Net Recontribution Amount” and
“Recontribution Amount” where such terms appear in such
Section 5.8(d)(ii) shall be construed as the amount due
pursuant to this clause (C).




(vi) Any Partner or Withdrawn
Partner may (i) obtain the release of any Trust Amounts (but
not the Trust Income thereon which shall remain in the Trust
Account and allocated to such Partner or Withdrawn Partner) or Firm
Collateral, in each case, held in the Trust Account for the benefit
of such Partner or Withdrawn Partner or (ii) require the
Partnership to distribute all or any portion of amounts otherwise
required to be placed in the Trust Account (whether cash or Firm
Collateral), by obtaining a letter of credit for the benefit of the
Trustee(s) (an “ L/C ”) in such amounts. Any
Partner or Withdrawn Partner choosing to furnish an L/C to the
Trustee(s) (in such capacity, an “ L/C Partner
”) shall deliver to the Trustee(s) an unconditional and
irrevocable L/C from a commercial bank whose (A) short-term
deposits are rated at least A-1 by S&P and P-1 by Moody’s
(if the L/C is for a term of 1 year or less), or (B) long-term
deposits are rated at least A+ by S&P or A1 by Moody’s
(if the L/C is for a term of 1 year or more) (each a “
Required Rating ”). If the relevant rating of the
commercial bank issuing such L/C drops below the relevant Required
Rating, the L/C Partner shall supply to the Trustee(s), within 30
days of such occurrence, a new L/C from a commercial bank whose
relevant rating is at least equal to the relevant Required Rating,
in lieu of the insufficient L/C. In addition, if the L/C has a term
expiring on a date earlier than the latest possible termination
date of BREP International II, the Trustee(s) shall be permitted to
drawdown on such L/C if the L/C Partner fails to provide a new L/C
from a commercial bank whose relevant rating is at least equal to
the relevant Required Rating, at least 30 days prior to the stated
expiration date of such existing L/C. The Trustee(s) shall notify
an L/C Partner 10 days prior to drawing on any L/C. The Trustee(s)
may (as directed by the Partnership in the case of clause
(1) below) draw down on an L/C only if (1) such a
drawdown is necessary to satisfy an L/C Partner’s obligation
relating to the Partnership’s obligations under the Clawback
Provisions or (2) an L/C Partner has not provided a new L/C
from a commercial bank whose relevant rating is at least equal to
the relevant Required Rating (or the requisite amount of cash
and/or Firm Collateral (to the extent permitted hereunder)), at
least 30 days prior to the stated expiration of an existing L/C in
accordance with this clause (vi). The Trustee(s), as directed by
the Partnership, shall return to any L/C Partner his L/C upon
(1) termination of the Trust Account and satisfaction of the
Partnership’s obligations, if any, in respect of the Clawback
Provisions, (2) an L/C Partner satisfying his entire Holdback
obligation in cash and Firm Collateral (to the extent permitted
hereunder), or (3) the release, by the Trustee(s), as directed
by the Partnership, of all amounts in the Trust Account to Partners
or Withdrawn Partners. If an L/C Partner satisfies a portion of his
Holdback obligation in cash and/or Firm Collateral (to the extent
permitted hereunder) or if the Trustee(s), as directed by the
Partnership, release a portion of the amounts in the Trust Account
to the Partners or Withdrawn
 

20
 


Partners in the Partner
Category of such L/C Partner, an L/C Partner’s L/C may be
reduced by an amount corresponding to such portion satisfied in
cash and/or Firm Collateral (to the extent permitted hereunder) or
such portion released by the Trustee(s), as directed by the
Partnership; provided , that in no way shall the general
release of any Trust Income cause an L/C Partner to be permitted to
reduce the amount of an L/C by any amount.

(vi) (A) Any in-kind
distributions by the Partnership relating to Carried Interest shall
be made in accordance herewith as though such distributions
consisted of cash. The Partnership may direct the Trustee(s) to
dispose of any in-kind distributions held in the Trust Account at
any time. The net proceeds therefrom shall be treated as though
initially contributed to the Trust Account.

 


 
(B)
In lieu of the foregoing, any Existing Partner may pledge with
respect to any in-kind distribution the Special Firm Collateral
referred to in asset category 9 in the Partnership’s books
and records; provided , that the initial contribution of
such Special Firm Collateral shall initially equal 130% of the
required Holdback Amount for a period of 90 days, and thereafter
shall equal at least 115% of the required Holdback Amount.
Paragraphs 4.1(d)(viii)(C) and (D) shall apply to such Special
Firm Collateral. To the extent such Special Firm Collateral exceeds
the applicable minimum percentage of the required Holdback Amount
specified in the first sentence of this clause (vii)(B), the
related Partner may obtain a release of such excess amount from the
Trust Account.



(viii) (A) Any Partner or
Withdrawn Partner may satisfy all or any portion of his Holdback
(excluding any Excess Holdback), and such Partner or a Withdrawn
Partner may, to the extent his Holdback (excluding any Excess
Holdback) has been previously satisfied in cash or by the use of an
L/C as provided herein, obtain a release of Trust Amounts (but not
the Trust Income thereon which shall remain in the Trust Account
and allocated to such Partner or Withdrawn Partner) that satisfy
such Partner’s or Withdrawn Partner’s Holdback
(excluding any Excess Holdback) by pledging to the Trustee(s) on a
first priority basis all of his Special Firm Collateral in a
particular Qualifying Fund, which at all times must equal or exceed
the amount of the Holdback distributed to the Partner or Withdrawn
Partner (as more fully set forth below). Any Partner seeking to
satisfy such Partner’s Holdback utilizing Special Firm
Collateral shall sign such documents and otherwise take such other
action as is necessary or appropriate (in the good faith judgment
of the General Partner) to perfect a first priority security
interest in, and otherwise assure the ability of the Trustee(s) to
realize on (if required), such Special Firm Collateral.

 


 
(B)

If upon a
distribution, withdrawal, sale, liquidation or other realization of
all or any portion of any Special Firm Collateral (a “
Special Firm Collateral Realization ”), the remaining
Special Firm Collateral (which shall not include the amount of Firm
Collateral that consists of a Qualifying Fund and is being used in
connection with an Excess Holdback) is insufficient to cover any
Partner’s or Withdrawn Partner’s Holdback (when taken
together with other means of satisfying the Holdback as provided
herein (i.e., cash contributed to the Trust Account or an L/C in
the Trust Account)), then up to 100% of the net proceeds otherwise
distributable to such Partner or Withdrawn Partner from
such



 

21
 



 

Special Firm Collateral
Realization (which shall not include the amount of Firm Collateral
that consists of a Qualifying Fund and is being used in connection
with an Excess Holdback) shall be paid into the Trust (and
allocated to such Partner or Withdrawn Partner) to fully satisfy
such Holdback and shall be deemed thereafter to be Trust Amounts
for purposes hereunder. Any net proceeds from such Special Firm
Collateral Realization in excess of the amount necessary to satisfy
such Holdback (excluding any Excess Holdback) shall be distributed
to such Partner or Withdrawn Partner. To the extent a Qualifying
Fund distributes Securities to a Partner or Withdrawn Partner in
connection with a Special Firm Collateral Realization, such Partner
or Withdrawn Partner shall be required to promptly fund such
Partner’s or Withdrawn Partner’s deficiency with
respect to his Holdback in cash or an L/C.




 


 
(C)
Upon any valuation or revaluation of the Special Firm
Collateral and/or any adjustment in the Applicable Collateral
Percentage applicable to a Qualifying Fund, if such Partner’s
or Withdrawn Partner’s Special Firm Collateral valued at less
than such Partner’s Holdback (excluding any Excess Holdback)
as provided in the books and records of the Partnership, taking
into account other permitted means of satisfying the Holdback
hereunder, the Partnership shall provide notice of the foregoing to
such Partner or Withdrawn Partner and, within 10 business days of
receiving such notice, such Partner or Withdrawn Partner shall
contribute cash or additional Special Firm Collateral to the Trust
Account in an amount necessary to make up such deficiency. If any
such Partner or Withdrawn Partner defaults upon his obligations
under this clause (C), then Section 5.8(d)(ii) shall apply
thereto; provided , that clause (A) of the first
sentence of Section 5.8(d)(ii) shall be deemed inapplicable to
such default; provided further , that for purposes of
applying Section 5.8(d)(ii) to a default under this clause
(C): (I) the term “Defaulting Par












 


















Limited Partnership Agreement, Limited Partnership Contracts - Free Legal Documents (page 1 Of 47)

















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Limited Partnership Agreement    

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents













SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>








Limited Partnership Agreements 





	These Limited Partnership Agreements are actual legal documents drafted by top law firms for their clients. Use them for competitive intelligence, drafting documents or to get information about transactions within a particular industry or sector. We have millions of legal documents and clauses that you can search for free.	



1) AMENDMENT NO. 5 TO FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF SUNOCO LP March 30, 2017Parties: SUNOCO LP | Sunoco GP LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/31/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
2) AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIPParties: HOSPITALITY INVESTORS TRUST, INC. | American Realty Capital Hospitality Advisors, LLC | American Realty Capital Hospitality Grace Portfolio, LLC | American Realty Capital Hospitality Operating Partnership, LP | American Realty Capital Hospitality Properties, LLC | American Realty Capital Hospitality Special Limited Partnership, LLC | BROOKFIELD STRATEGIC REAL ESTATE PARTNERS II HOSPITALITY REIT II LLC | BSREP II HOSPITALITY II SPECIAL GP OP LLC | Crestline Hotels  Resorts, LLC | HOSPITALITY INVESTORS TRUST OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP | HOSPITALITY INVESTORS TRUST, INC | Initial Preferred LP | Revised Uniform Limited Partnership 
								
								Document Date: 3/31/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
3) NESTOR PARTNERS AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIPParties: NESTOR PARTNERS | All Limited Partners | Millburn Ridgefield Corporation | New Jersey Uniform Limited Partnership 
								
								Document Date: 3/29/2017

4) AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO THE AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF BENEFIT STREET PARTNERS REALTY OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.PParties: BENEFIT STREET PARTNERS REALTY TRUST, INC. | BENEFIT STREET PARTNERS REALTY OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP | Benefit Street Partners Realty Trust LP, LLC | Benefit Street Partners Realty Trust, Inc | BSP LIMITED 
								
								Document Date: 3/29/2017

5) AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIPParties: AMERICAN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP | American Midstream GP, LLC | Magnolia Infrastructure Holdings, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
6) BioSig Technologies Announces Strategic Partnership with Mayo Clinic Ten-year agreement provides know-how, intellectual property development and clinical resources to commercialize the PURE EP? System and develop future technologiesParties: BIOSIG TECHNOLOGIES, INC. | BioSig Technologies Announces Strategic Partnership | BioSig Technologies, Inc | PURE EP(tm) System 
								
								Document Date: 3/17/2017

7) AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF ROYAL HAWAIIAN ORCHARDS, L.PParties: ROYAL HAWAIIAN ORCHARDS, L.P. | 827 Fort Street, Honolulu, Hawaii 96813 Any Limited | Mauna Loa Resources, Inc | ML Resources, Inc | ROYAL HAWAIIAN ORCHARDS, LP 
								
								Document Date: 3/15/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
8) AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF JP ENERGY PARTNERS LPParties: JP ENERGY PARTNERS LP | American Midstream GP, LLC | American Midstream, LLC, American Midstream Partners, LP | Argo Merger GP Sub, LLC | New Limited 
								
								Document Date: 3/14/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
9) FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF BREITBURN ENERGY PARTNERS LPParties: BREITBURN ENERGY PARTNERS LP | Breitburn GP LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/8/2017

10) FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF JP ENERGY PARTNERS LPParties: JP ENERGY PARTNERS LP | American Midstream GP, LLC | American Midstream Partners, LP | Argo Merger GP Sub, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/8/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
11) AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF AMERICAN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LPParties: AMERICAN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP | American Midstream GP, LLC | HIGHPOINT INFRASTRUCTURE PARTNERS, LLC | MAGNOLIA INFRASTRUCTURE PARTNERS, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/8/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
12) FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF NATURAL RESOURCE PARTNERS L.PParties: NATURAL RESOURCE PARTNERS LP | GP Natural Resource Partners LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/6/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
13) FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF INDEPENDENCE REALTY OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LPParties: INDEPENDENCE REALTY TRUST, INC | Corporate/Limited Liability Company Additional Limited | Empire American Realty Operating Partnership, LP | INDEPENDENCE REALTY OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP | Individual Additional Limited | INITIAL LIMITED PARTNERS | IRT Limited Partner, LLC | Revised Uniform Limited Partnership 
								
								Document Date: 3/3/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
14) AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO THE SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF PJT PARTNERS HOLDINGS LPParties: PJT PARTNERS INC. | PJT Partners Holding LP | PJT PARTNERS HOLDINGS LP | PJT PARTNERS INC 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
15) FIRST AMENDMENT TO THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF MPLX LPParties: MPLX LP | MPLX GP LLC 
								
								Document Date: 2/24/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
16) THIRD AMENDED  RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF SPECTRA ENERGY PARTNERS (DE) GP, LP A Delaware Limited PartnershipParties: SPECTRA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP | SPECTRA ENERGY PARTNERS (DE) GP, LP | Spectra Energy Partners GP, LLC | Spectra Energy Southeast Pipeline Corporation | Spectra Energy Transmission, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 2/24/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
17) FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF EPD PUBCO UNIT I L.PParties: ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L P | All Class B Limited Partners | ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS COMPANY | EPCO HOLDINGS, INC | EPD PUBCO UNIT I LP | Original Partnership 
								Law Firm: Vinson Elkins;Andrews Kurth
								Document Date: 2/24/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
18) FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF EPD PRIVCO UNIT I L.PParties: ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L P | All Class B Limited Partners | ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS COMPANY | EPCO HOLDINGS, INC | EPD PRIVCO UNIT I LP | Original Partnership 
								Law Firm: Vinson Elkins;Andrews Kurth
								Document Date: 2/24/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
19) FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF EPD PUBCO UNIT III L.PParties: ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L P | All Class B Limited Partners | ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS COMPANY | EPCO HOLDINGS, INC | EPD PUBCO UNIT III LP | Original Partnership 
								Law Firm: Vinson Elkins;Andrews Kurth
								Document Date: 2/24/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
20) AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO THE SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF WESTERN GAS PARTNERS, LPParties: WESTERN GAS PARTNERS LP | Western Gas Holdings, LLC | WESTERN GAS PARTNERS, LP 
								
								Document Date: 2/23/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
21) AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENTParties: TANGER FACTORY OUTLET CENTERS INC | Tanger LP | TANGER PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
								
								Document Date: 2/23/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:North Carolina
22) COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P. (as amended as of July 24, 2012, December 20, 2012, January 29, 2015, February 2, 2015, June 10, 2015, September 28, 2015, October 12, 2016, and January 9, 2017)Parties: WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P. | Williams Partners GP LLC | WILLIAMS PARTNERS LP 
								
								Document Date: 2/22/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
23) FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.PParties: CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. | All Limited Partners | Cheniere Energy Partners GP, LLC | CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, LP 
								
								Document Date: 2/21/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
24) AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF AMERICAN FINANCE OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.PParties: AMERICAN FINANCE TRUST, INC | America, Inc, American Realty Capital Retail Operating Partnership, LP | American Finance Operating Partnership, LP | American Realty Capital Retail Advisor, LLC | Genie Acquisition, LLC | Lincoln Retail REIT Services, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 2/21/2017

25) FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENTParties: CERES TACTICAL MACRO L.P. | Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
								
								Document Date: 2/17/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
26) AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIPParties: KIMBELL ROYALTY PARTNERS, LP | KIMBELL ROYALTY GP, LLC | Organizational Limited | RIVERCREST ROYALTIES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 2/14/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
27) LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF MATRIX LAS CIENEGAS, A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIPParties: ROYALE ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. | JJM Transportation Corporation | Revised Limited Partnership | Secretary JJM Transportation Corp 
								
								Document Date: 2/14/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:California
28) AMENDED  RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT Matrix Investments, L.P. A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIPParties: ROYALE ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. | AMENDED  RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP | GROVES INVESTMENTS CORPORATION | Hot Springs Rach Corp | JORDAN ENTERPRISES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP | JRS ENERGY INVESTMENTS, LLC | Matrix Investments, LP | Matrix Oil Management Corporation | MEETEETSE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP | OVE Inc | PEM Management Corporation | PEM RESOURCES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP | Revised Limited Partnership | Sugar Shack Enterprises LLC | Walou Corp 
								
								Document Date: 2/14/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:California
29) LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT Matrix Permian Limited Partnership, LP A TEXAS LIMITED PARTNERSHIPParties: ROYALE ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. | Matrix Partnership Management Corporation | Matrix Permian Limited Partnership, LP 
								
								Document Date: 2/14/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
30) FIRST AMENDMENT TO FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF INLAND RESIDENTIAL OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.PParties: INLAND RESIDENTIAL PROPERTIES TRUST, INC. | Inland Real Estate Investment Corporation | INLAND RESIDENTIAL OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP | INLAND RESIDENTIAL PROPERTIES TRUST SPECIAL LIMITED PARTNER, LLC | INLAND RESIDENTIAL PROPERTIES TRUST, INC 
								
								Document Date: 2/2/2017

31) AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF SANCHEZ PRODUCTION PARTNERS LPParties: SANCHEZ PRODUCTION PARTNERS LP | Sanchez Production Partners GP LLC 
								
								Document Date: 1/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
32) ADOPTION OF THIRD ADDENDUM TO FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF PREIT ASSOCIATES, L.P. DESIGNATING THE RIGHTS, OBLIGATIONS, DUTIES AND PREFERENCES OF SERIES C PREFERRED UNITS January 27, 2017Parties: PENNSYLVANIA REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST | Pennsylvania Real Estate | PREIT Associates, LP | State Corporation 
								
								Document Date: 1/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Pennsylvania
33) EIGHTH AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF ENBRIDGE ENERGY, LIMITED PARTNERSHIPParties: ENBRIDGE ENERGY PARTNERS LP | Enbridge Energy Company, Inc | ENBRIDGE ENERGY MANAGEMENT, LLC | ENBRIDGE ENERGY, LIMITED PARTNERSHIP | Enbridge Inc | Enbridge Partners | ENBRIDGE PIPELINES (EASTERN ACCESS) LLC | ENBRIDGE PIPELINES (L3R) LLC | ENBRIDGE PIPELINES (LAKEHEAD) LLC | ENBRIDGE PIPELINES (MAINLINE EXPANSION) LLC | ENBRIDGE PIPELINES (WISCONSIN) INC 
								
								Document Date: 1/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
34) FIRST AMENDMENT TO SIXTH AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF PREFERRED APARTMENT COMMUNITIES OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.PParties: PREFERRED APARTMENT COMMUNITIES INC | Initial Limited | PREFERRED APARTMENT COMMUNITIES OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP | Preferred Apartment Communities, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 1/26/2017

35) AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF MAGELLAN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, L.PParties: MAGELLAN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS LP | All Limited Partners | Magellan GP, LLC | Magellan Midstream Partners, LP 
								
								Document Date: 1/17/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
36) AMENDMENT NO. 4 TO THE SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF DCP MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LPParties: DCP MIDSTREAM, LP | DCP MIDSTREAM GP, LLC | DCP Midstream GP, LP | DCP MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP 
								
								Document Date: 1/17/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
37) THIRD AMENDMENT TO FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF GLADSTONE COMMERCIAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPParties: GLADSTONE COMMERCIAL CORP | GLADSTONE COMMERCIAL CORPORATION | Gladstone Commercial Limited Partnership | ORIGINAL LIMITED 
								
								Document Date: 1/12/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
38) AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIPParties: FIRST CAPITAL REAL ESTATE TRUST INC | Corporate/Limited Liability Company Additional Limited | First Capital Real Estate Operating Partnership, LP | First Capital Real Estate Trust Incorporated | INITIAL LIMITED | PRESIDENTIAL REALTY CORPORATION | PRESIDENTIAL REALTY OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP 
								
								Document Date: 1/12/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
39) AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIPParties: PRESIDENTIAL REALTY CORP/DE/ | Corporate/Limited Liability Company Additional Limited | First Capital Real Estate Operating Partnership, LP | First Capital Real Estate Trust Incorporated | INITIAL LIMITED | PRESIDENTIAL REALTY CORPORATION | PRESIDENTIAL REALTY OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP 
								
								Document Date: 1/12/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
40) FORM OF AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF INVITATION HOMES OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP a Delaware limited partnershipParties: INVITATION HOMES INC. | INVITATION HOMES INC | INVITATION HOMES OP GP LLC | INVITATION HOMES OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP | SPECIAL LIMITED 
								
								Document Date: 1/6/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
41) OPERATING PARTNERSHIP AND THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENTParties: GRAMERCY PROPERTY TRUST | Operating Partnership | Securities Exchange Commission 
								
								Document Date: 1/6/2017

42) AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIPParties: ROYAL ENERGY RESOURCES, INC. | RHINO GP LLC | RHINO RESOURCE PARTNERS LP 
								
								Document Date: 1/6/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
43) AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF CHENIERE CORPUS CHRISTI PIPELINE, L.PParties: CHENIERE CORPUS CHRISTI HOLDINGS, LLC | Cheniere Corpus Christi Pipeline, LP | CORPUS CHRISTI PIPELINE GP, LLC | Initial General Partner and Initial Limited 
								
								Document Date: 1/5/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
44) SECOND AMENDMENT TO THE FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF GPT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LPParties: GRAMERCY PROPERTY TRUST | GPT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP 
								
								Document Date: 1/4/2017

45) BGC HOLDINGS, L.P. TWELFTH AMENDMENT TO AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, AS AMENDED AND RESTATEDParties: BGC PARTNERS, INC. | BGC HOLDINGS, LP 
								
								Document Date: 12/16/2016

46) AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF PILLARSTONE CAPITAL REIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LPParties: PILLARSTONE CAPITAL REIT | PILLARSTONE CAPITAL REIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP 
								
								Document Date: 12/13/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
47) AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF PILLARSTONE CAPITAL REIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LPParties: WHITESTONE REIT | PILLARSTONE CAPITAL REIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP 
								
								Document Date: 12/9/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
48) SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF DOMINION MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP TABLE OF CONTENTSParties: DOMINION MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP | Dominion Midstream GP, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 12/1/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
49) FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF EVERCORE LP Dated as of November 15, 2016Parties: EVERCORE PARTNERS INC. | APPLICABLE LIMITED | EVERCORE LP | Evercore Partners Inc 
								Law Firm: Wachtell Lipton
								Document Date: 11/18/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
50) HARTMAN XX LIMITED PARTNERSHIP DEED OF TRUST, SECURITY AGREEMENT, FINANCING STATEMENT, AND ABSOLUTE ASSIGNMENT OF RENTSParties: HARTMAN VREIT XXI, INC. | HARTMAN VILLAGE POINTE, LLC | Hartman XX Limited Partnership 
								
								Document Date: 11/18/2016

 




Browse by StateGo directly to a specific page of results:1234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829303132333435363738394041424344454647 
 
 

 












