

Compliance - BlackRock























Skip Masthead




BlackRock




iShares




  iShares



iShares Hong Kong


Other iShares Sites





Institutions




Our Firm




  Our Firm



About Us


Newsroom


Investor Relations


Public Policy


Careers





 Hong Kong
 



  Hong Kong


 Australia
 

 België
 

 Brasil
 

 Canada
 

 Chile
 

 China - 中国
 

 Colombia
 

 Danmark
 

 Deutschland
 

 Dubai (IFC)
 

 España
 

 France
 

 Hong Kong - 香港
 

 India
 

 Ísland
 

 Israel
 

 Italia
 

 Japan - 日本
 



 Korea - 한국
 

 Latin America & Iberia
 

 Magyarország
 

 México
 

 Nederland
 

 Norge
 

 Õsterreich
 

 Polska
 

 Portugal
 

 Singapore
 

 South Africa
 

 Suomi
 

 Sverige
 

 Schweiz
 

 Taiwan - 台灣
 

 United Kingdom
 

 United States
 

 Location Not Listed?
 






中文 
|

EN 




Meet your goals


Toggle navigation
 


Toggle search
 



 
Sign In  



Toggle user dropdown
 




Search Form
Search input field


Search






































You are entering the Individual Investors site
Terms and Conditions

READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS ("TERMS") CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SERVICES DESCRIBED HEREIN. BY UTILIZING THE WEBSITE LOCATED AT www.blackrock.com/hk ("WEBSITE"), YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THESE TERMS AND THAT YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THEM. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THESE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU ARE NOT AN AUTHORIZED USER OF THESE SERVICES AND YOU SHOULD NOT USE THIS WEBSITE.
THIS WEBSITE IS NOT INTENDED FOR AND SHOULD NOT BE ACCESSED BY PERSONS LOCATED OR RESIDENT IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE (BY REASON OF THAT PERSON'S NATIONALITY, DOMICILE, RESIDENCE OR OTHERWISE) THE PUBLICATION OR AVAILABILITY OF THIS WEBSITE IS PROHIBITED OR CONTRARY TO LOCAL LAW OR REGULATION OR WOULD SUBJECT ANY BLACKROCK ENTITY TO ANY REGISTRATION OR LICENSING REQUIREMENTS IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS.  IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO BE AWARE OF, TO OBTAIN ALL RELEVANT REGULATORY APPROVALS, LICENCES, VERIFICATIONS AND/OR REGISTRATIONS UNDER, AND TO OBSERVE ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS OF ANY RELEVANT JURISDICTION IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR ENTRANCE TO THIS WEBSITE.
BLACKROCK RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CHANGE, MODIFY, ADD OR REMOVE PORTIONS OF THESE TERMS AT ANY TIME FOR ANY REASON. WE SUGGEST THAT YOU REVIEW THESE TERMS PERIODICALLY FOR CHANGES. SUCH CHANGES SHALL BE EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY UPON POSTING. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT BY ACCESSING OUR WEBSITE AFTER WE HAVE POSTED CHANGES TO THESE TERMS, YOU ARE AGREEING TO THESE TERMS AS MODIFIED.
Disclaimer
This Website is owned by BlackRock Asset Management North Asia Limited, which is licensed by the Securities and Futures Commission ("SFC") in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of  China ("Hong Kong") pursuant to the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap 571) (CE no: AFF275).  This Website  is managed by various companies within the BlackRock Group.  BlackRock Asset Management North Asia Limited, together with other BlackRock Group companies, shall collectively hereinafter be referred to as "BlackRock".
Nothing contained on this Website constitutes tax, accounting, regulatory, legal, insurance or investment advice. Neither the information, nor any opinion, contained on this Website constitutes a promotion, recommendation, solicitation or offer by BlackRock or its affiliates to buy or sell any securities, collective investment schemes, futures, options or other financial instruments or services, nor shall any such security. collective investment scheme, futures, options or other financial instruments or services be offered or sold to any person in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, purchase, or sale would be unlawful under the securities laws of such jurisdiction. Decisions based on information contained on this Website are the sole responsibility of the visitor. In exchange for using this Website, the visitor agrees to indemnify and hold BlackRock, its officers, directors, employees, affiliates, agents, licensors and suppliers harmless against any and all claims, losses, liability, costs and expenses (including but not limited to attorneys' fees) arising from your use of this Website, from your violation of these Terms or from any decisions that the visitor makes based on such information.
The investments and strategies discussed in the Website may not be suitable for all investors and are not obligations of BlackRock or its affiliates or guaranteed by BlackRock or its affiliates. BlackRock makes no representations that the contents are appropriate for use in all locations, or that the transactions, securities, products, instruments, or services discussed on this site are available or appropriate for sale or use in all jurisdictions or countries, or by all investors or counterparties. By making available information on the Website, BlackRock does not represent that any investment vehicle is available or suitable for any particular user. All persons and entities accessing the Website do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws and regulations. 
The funds referred to in this Website are authorized by the SFC for sale to the public in Hong Kong (the “Funds”). SFC authorization is not a recommendation or endorsement of a scheme nor does it guarantee the commercial merits or performances of the scheme. It does not mean that the scheme is suitable for all investors nor is it an endorsement of its suitability for any particular investor or class of investors. The material contained in this Website has not been reviewed by the SFC or any regulatory authority in Hong Kong.
Investment involves risk and may lose value. If you are considering making an investment, you are advised to obtain your own independent professional advice and to carefully consider all relevant risk factors. The price of units or shares and the income from them in relation to any investment may go down as well as up and any past performance is not indicative of future performance. BlackRock does not guarantee the performance of the Funds.
An investment in the Funds often involves investing in international markets. In addition to the normal risks associated with investing, international investments involve the risk of losing all or part of any capital from unfavourable fluctuations in currency values, from differences in generally accepted accounting principles or from economic or political instability in other nations. An investment in emerging markets also involves heightened other risks such as increased volatility and the possibility of lower trading volume.
When making an investment in the Funds which are listed on one or more stock exchanges, the price of the shares or units will be determined by supply and demand. It is not necessarily the same as the value per share or unit of that the Funds’ assets. At any time the share or unit price may be at a discount or premium to the asset value. However, because of the exchange-traded fund structure, it is expected that a significant discount or premium of price to asset value will not be sustainable over the long term. Any projections or examples (including calculations used therein) are for illustrative purposes only and are not guaranteed to be accurate or complete. You should note that shares or units may only be redeemed directly from the Funds by persons or entities registered as participating dealers in very large redemption sizes. Listing of the shares or units of the Funds does not guarantee a liquid market for them.
Where a Fund's investment objective is to track an index, the Fund is not sponsored, endorsed, issued, sold or promoted by the relevant index provider. None of these companies make any representation regarding the advisability of investing in the Funds.
Important information about the Funds is contained in the prospectus for the Funds which is available upon request from BlackRock. BEFORE ACQUIRING THE SHARES OR UNITS OF ANY FUNDS BY PURCHASE OR EXCHANGE, IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO READ THE FUNDS’ PROSPECTUS OR OFFERING MATERIALS.
This Website is for information purposes only and is not intended to be relied upon as a forecast, research or investment advice. Although this material is based upon information that BlackRock considers reliable and endeavors to keep current, BlackRock does not assure that this material is accurate, current or complete, and it should not be relied upon as such. The contents of this Website have been prepared without regard to the investment objectives, financial situation, or means of any particular person or entity, and the Website is not soliciting any action based upon them.  Any opinions expressed on this Website may change as subsequent conditions vary. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
The information and services provided on this Website are provided "AS IS" and without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, BlackRock disclaims all warranties, including, but not limited to, any warranty of non-infringement of third-party rights and any implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. BlackRock does not warrant, either expressly or impliedly, the accuracy or completeness of the information, text, graphics, links or other items contained on this Website and does not warrant that the functions contained in this Website will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the Website will be free of viruses or other harmful components. BlackRock expressly disclaims all liability for errors and omissions in the materials on this Website and for the use or interpretation by others of information contained on the Website.
Trademarks, Copyrights and other Intellectual Property
The content contained on this Website is owned or licensed by BlackRock and its third-party information providers and is protected by applicable copyrights, trademarks, service marks, and/or other intellectual property rights. Such content is solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Accordingly, you may not copy, distribute, modify, post, frame or deep link this Website, including any text, graphics, video, audio, software code, user interface design or logos. You may download material displayed on this Website for your personal use provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, repost, or use the content of this Website for public or commercial purposes, including all text, images, audio, and video, without BlackRock's written permission. Modification or use of the materials for any other purpose violates BlackRock's intellectual property rights.
All trademarks, service marks, trade names, and logos displayed on this Website are proprietary to BlackRock and/or their respective owners. Nothing contained on this Website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark displayed on this Website without the written permission of BlackRock or such other third party that may own the trademark displayed on this Website. Your use of the trademarks displayed on this Website, except as provided herein, is strictly prohibited.
The use of the images displayed on this Website by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, and the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications, as well as other regulations and statutes. If you download any information from this Website, you agree that you will not copy it or remove or obscure any copyright or other notices or legends contained in any such information.
Links to Other Websites
BlackRock may establish links between this Website and one or more websites operated by third parties. BlackRock has no control over any such other websites, the contents therein or the products/services offered. The existence of any such links shall not constitute an endorsement of, or representation or warranty by BlackRock regarding such websites, the contents of the websites, the products or services of the websites or the operators of the websites. Your access to and use of such linked websites is governed by the terms of use and privacy policies of those sites, and shall be at your own risk. BlackRock disclaims responsibility for the privacy policies and customer information practices of third-party internet websites hyperlinked from our Website.
Links to BlackRock from Other Websites
You shall not display hyperlinks on your websites to any website owned or operated by BlackRock. If you desire to display on your website a hyperlink to a BlackRock website, you must enter into a written agreement with BlackRock governing such display. Access to any BlackRock website does not authorize you to use any of BlackRock's names, logos, trademarks or copyrighted material, and you agree not to do so without BlackRock's express written consent. Requests to display hyperlinks on your websites to BlackRock websites should be e-mailed to clientservice.asiapac@blackrock.com.
Transmissions to and From this Website
Electronic communications can be intercepted by third parties and, accordingly, transmissions to and from this Website may not be secure. Communications to BlackRock, particularly those containing confidential information, may be sent by mail to: BlackRock Asset Management North Asia Limited, 16/F Champion Tower, 3 Garden Road, Central, Hong Kong, or by email to: clientservice.asiapac@blackrock.com. BlackRock shall be free to use, for any purpose, any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques provided by a website user to BlackRock through this Website. You acknowledge and agree that BlackRock has granted you limited access to the specific files pertaining to the Funds ("Approved Files"), and you agree not to attempt to access computer files other than the Approved Files. BlackRock makes no warranty to you regarding the security of the Website, including with regard to the ability of any unauthorized persons to access information received or transmitted by you through or from the Website. BlackRock reserves the right to cease providing, or to change, this Website and content of such information (or any portion or feature thereof) at any time or frequency and without notice.
Jurisdiction and Governing Law
The information provided on this Website is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject BlackRock or its affiliates to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country. Each investment product and service referred to on this Website is intended to be made available only to residents in Hong Kong.
These Terms shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of Hong Kong.  The courts of Hong Kong shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or proceeding, and to settle any disputes, which may arise out of or in connection with these Terms and, for such purposes, you agree to submit  to the jurisdiction of the courts of Hong Kong.  Each party hereby waives any objection which it might at any time have to the courts of Hong Kong being nominated as the forum to hear and determine any proceedings and to settle any disputes and agrees not to claim that the courts of Hong Kong are not a convenient or appropriate forum.
Limitation of Liability
BLACKROCK AND ITS AFFILIATES AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR INDIRECT DAMAGES (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOST PROFITS, TRADING LOSSES OR DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM USE OR LOSS OF USE OF THIS WEBSITE), EVEN IF BLACKROCK HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, FROM THE USE OR ATTEMPTED USE OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANOTHER LINKED WEBSITE.
Timeliness of Content
All content on this Website is presented only as of the date published or indicated, and may be superseded by subsequent market events or for other reasons. In addition, you are responsible for setting the cache settings on your browser to ensure you are receiving the most recent data.
Prohibited Uses
Except as otherwise stated in these Terms or as expressly authorized by BlackRock in writing, you may not:

Use this Website in any manner that could damage or overburden any BlackRock server, or any network connected to any BlackRock server, as all servers have limited capacity and are used by many people;
Use this Website in any manner that would interfere with another party's use of the Website;
Include the term "BlackRock" or any BlackRock trademark or executive's name, or any variation of the foregoing, as a meta-tag, hidden textual element;
Use any robot, spider, intelligent agent, other automatic device, or manual process to search, monitor or copy this Website or the reports, data, information, content, software, products services, or other materials on, generated by or obtained from this Website, whether through links or otherwise (collectively, "Materials"), without BlackRock's permission, provided that generally available third-party web browsers may be used without such permission; or
Use this Website or the Materials in any manner that could create impression of affiliation, sponsorship or endorsement by BlackRock.

System Outages and Incomplete Transmissions
Internet software or transmission problems may produce inaccurate or incomplete copies of information and materials that may be downloaded and displayed on a user's computer. BlackRock is not liable for any damages, changes, or omissions that occur during transmission of information and materials.
Termination
BlackRock may terminate your access to the Website for any reason, without prior notice.
Waiver
No waiver by BlackRock of any right under or term or provision of these Terms will be deemed a waiver of any other right, term, or provision of these Terms at the time of such waiver or a waiver of that or any other right, term, or provision of these Terms at any other time.
Integration and Severability
If any provision of these Terms is deemed unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severable from these Terms and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
The preceding Terms of use represent the entire agreement between BlackRock and the user relating to the subject matter herein.
BlackRock is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in the workplace.
Privacy Policy
Please review our Privacy Policy, which is a part of this Agreement and hereby incorporated by reference, to learn about our information collection practices and the measures we take to preserve the privacy and security of your information.
Dated: January 2016
© 2016 BlackRock, Inc. All rights reserved. iShares® and BlackRock® are registered trademarks of BlackRock, Inc., or its subsidiaries in the United States and elsewhere. All other trademarks, servicemarks or registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners.


Confirm
Decline

















Legal Information:



Terms and Conditions


Privacy Policy





Company Information:


Press Releases


Contact Us






© 2017 BlackRock, Inc. All rights reserved.
















BlackRock European Hedge Fund Limited: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 10:16 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of BlackRock European Hedge Fund Limited



Snapshot People




Company Overview
BlackRock European Hedge Fund Limited is an equity hedge fund launched and managed by BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited. The fund takes both long and short positions to invest in the public equity markets of Europe. It seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund invests in stocks of companies across all market capitalizations. BlackRock European Hedge Fund Limited was formed in 2011 and is domiciled in the Cayman Islands.


12 Throgmorton AvenueLondon,  EC2N 2DLUnited KingdomFounded in 2011



Phone: 44 20 7743 3000

Fax: 44 20 7743 1000








Key Executives for BlackRock European Hedge Fund Limited


BlackRock European Hedge Fund Limited does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @sipp plc Europe 3i plc Europe A E Taylor Financial Services Limited Europe A-List Equity Research Limited Europe A. Anthony Corporate Limited Europe




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact BlackRock European Hedge Fund Limited, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























BlackRock - One of the world’s preeminent asset management firms























Skip Masthead




BlackRock




iShares




Our firm




  Our firm



About us


Newsroom


Investor relations


Public policy


Careers


Contact us





Individual Investors




  Individual Investors



 Intermediaries
Visit the dedicated site for financial professionals
 

 Institutional
Visit our site for institutional clients and consultants
 

 Pension Investors
Visit our dedicated site for pension investors
 




 United Kingdom
 



  United Kingdom


 Australia
 

 België
 

 Brasil
 

 Canada
 

 Chile
 

 China - 中国
 

 Colombia
 

 Danmark
 

 Deutschland
 

 Dubai (IFC)
 

 España
 

 France
 

 Hong Kong - 香港
 

 India
 

 Ísland
 

 Israel
 

 Italia
 

 Japan - 日本
 



 Korea - 한국
 

 Latin America & Iberia
 

 Magyarország
 

 México
 

 Nederland
 

 Norge
 

 Österreich
 

 Polska
 

 Portugal
 

 Singapore
 

 South Africa
 

 Suomi
 

 Sverige
 

 Schweiz
 

 Taiwan - 台灣
 

 United Kingdom
 

 United States
 

 Location Not Listed?
 





Toggle navigation
 


Toggle search
 




Search Form
Search input field


Search



























Skip Megamenu
 


Products







Investment ideas 




  Investment ideas



Alternative investments 

BlackRock UK Income Fund 

BlackRock Global Multi Asset Income Fund 

Investment trusts 

Asset classes 

Charities 
 




Planning 




  Planning



Retirement choices 
 




Insights 




  Insights



UK Equities 

Investor Pulse 


Blog 

Interest rates and bank shares
US election analysis
RIP retailers?
A fresh insight into LGBT financial attitudes






It’s time to bring retirement into the twenty-first century


 




Resources 




  Resources



Library 

Investment guides 

How to invest 

KIIDs explained 

Tax information 

Reporting Fund Status 

Securities lending 
 















 












EXPLORE BLACKROCK




Alternatives


Equity


Bonds and Cash


Multi-Asset


INVESTMENT TRUSTS













GLOBAL INVESTOR PULSE


28,000 investors have spoken

BlackRock’s fifth annual Global Investor Pulse uncovers what’s on the minds of investors today.
Explore now










Alternatives


Signs of continental shift


Read our latest interview with Vincent Devlin, portfolio co-manager for Greater Europe.
Read More











Investment Trusts


Emerging opportunities


Read our latest interview with Chris Colunga, portfolio co-manager for Emerging Europe.
Read more















 





Consider your alternatives
See how in the current environment alternative investments have the potential to reduce risk and enhance returns.
READ MORE






BlackRock Global Multi Asset Income Fund
Confront the income dilemma.
Find out more






It’s time to bring retirement into the 21st century
In a new era of financial freedom, it’s time to rethink the way we save for later in life.

Read our latest insights






The future is here
BlackRock's - and the world's - innovative thinking on retirement and longevity now has a home.

Explore now













 
 



You are about to enter the BlackRock UK individual investors site. Please confirm you are an individual investor before proceeding. 



No, I'm not a UK intermediary investor


> I'm a UK individual investor
> I'm a UK institutional investor
> I'm a pension investor
> I'm a charities investor




Yes, I'm a UK intermediary investor


Continue









Detailed explanation of investor types
Terms and conditions
Privacy policy




Detailed explanation of investor types

The Pension Investors site is for individuals who have a BlackRock pension or for individuals who invest in BlackRock funds through their employer's pension.
The Institutional site is for pension schemes, consultants or other professional investors.
The Charities site is for representatives of UK Registered Charities that meet the definition of a ‘professional client’ as defined in the FCA Handbook, COBS 3.5.
An individual investor, also known as a retail client, is a client organisation or individual who cannot meet both (i) one or more of the professional client criteria laid down in Annex II to the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2004/39/EC), and (ii) one or more of the qualified investor criteria set out in Article 2 of the Prospectus Directive (Directive 2003/71/EC).
On this website, Intermediaries are investors that qualify as both a Professional Client and a Qualified Investor.
In summary a person who can both be classified as a professional client under the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive and a qualified investor in accordance with the Prospectus Directive will generally need to meet one or more of the following requirements:
 
(1) An entity required to be authorised or regulated to operate in the financial markets. The following list includes all authorised entities carrying out the characteristic activities of the entities mentioned, whether authorised by an EEA State or a third country and whether or not authorised by reference to a directive:
 
(a) a credit institution;(b) an investment firm;(c) any other authorised or regulated financial institution;(d) an insurance company;(e) a collective investment scheme or the management company of such a scheme;(f) a pension fund or the management company of a pension fund;(g) a commodity or commodity derivatives dealer;(h) a local(i) any other institutional investor;
 
(2) a large undertaking that meets two of the following tests: (i) a balance sheet total of EUR 43,000,000; (ii) an annual net turnover of EUR 50,000,000; (iii) an average number of employees during the year of 250
 
(3) a national or regional government, a public body that manages public debt, a central bank, an international or supranational institution (such as the World Bank, the IMF, the ECB, the EIB) or another similar international organisation.
 
(4) a natural person resident in an EEA State that permits the authorisation of natural persons as qualified investors, who expressly asks to be treated as a professional client and a qualified investor and who meets at least two of the following criteria: (i) he/she has carried out transactions on securities markets at an average frequency of, at least, 10 per quarter over the previous four quarters before the application, (ii) the size of his/her financial instrument portfolio, defined as including cash deposits and financial instruments exceeds EUR 500.000, (iii) he/she works or has worked for at least one year in the financial sector in a professional position which requires knowledge of securities investment.
 
Please note that the above summary is provided for information purposes only. If you are uncertain as to whether you can both be classified as a professional client under the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive and classed as a qualified investor under the Prospectus Directive then you should seek independent advice.

Terms and conditions

Please read this page before proceeding, as it explains certain restrictions imposed by law on the distribution of this information and the countries in which our funds are authorised for sale. It is your responsibility to be aware of and to observe all applicable laws and regulations of any relevant jurisdiction.
Please note that you are required to read and accept the terms of our Privacy Policy before you are able to access our websites.
Once you have confirmed that you agree to the legal information in this document, and the Privacy Policy – by indicating your consent above – we will place a cookie on your computer to recognise you and prevent this page reappearing should you access this site, or other BlackRock sites, on future occasions.  The cookie will expire after six months, or sooner should there be a material change to this important information.
By confirming that you have read this important information, you also:(i) Agree that such information will apply to any subsequent access to the Individual investors (or Institutions / Intermediaries) section of this website by you, and that all such subsequent access will be subject to the disclaimers, risk warnings and other information set out herein; and(ii) Warrant that no other person will access the Individual investors section of this website from the same computer and logon as you are currently using.
The BlackRock authorised unit trusts are funds authorised under the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 and are generally available for investment by the public in the UK.
The offshore funds described in the following pages are administered and managed by companies within the BlackRock Group and can be marketed in certain jurisdictions only. It is your responsibility to be aware of the applicable laws and regulations of your country of residence. Further information is available in the Prospectus or other constitutional document for each fund. Please note that only some of the offshore funds seek distributor status in the UK.
The BlackRock Pensions Funds are available through the products of BlackRock Life Limited (authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority). They are available only to trustees and members of pension schemes registered under Part IV of the Finance Act 2004 via an insurance policy which would be issued either by BlackRock Life Limited, or by another insurer of such business.
This does not constitute an offer or solicitation to sell shares in any of the funds referred to on this site, by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or distribution would be unlawful or in which the person making such offer or solicitation is not qualified to do so or to anyone to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation.
Specifically, the funds described are not available for distribution to or investment by US investors. The units/shares will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and, except in a transaction which does not violate the Securities Act or any other applicable US securities laws (including without limitation any applicable law of any of the States of the USA) may not be directly or indirectly offered or sold in the USA or any of its territories or possessions or areas subject to its jurisdiction or to or for the benefit of a US Person.
The funds described have not been, nor will they be, qualified for distribution to the public in Canada as no prospectus for these funds has been filed with any securities commission or regulatory authority in Canada or any province or territory thereof. This website is not, and under no circumstances is to be construed, as an advertisement or any other step in furtherance of a public offering of shares in Canada. No person resident in Canada for the purposes of the Income Tax Act (Canada) may purchase or accept a transfer of shares in the funds described unless he or she is eligible to do so under applicable Canadian or provincial laws.
Applications to invest in any fund referred to on this site, must only be made on the basis of the offer document relating to the specific investment (e.g. prospectus, simplified prospectus, key investor information document or other applicable terms and conditions).
As a result of money laundering regulations, additional documentation for identification purposes may be required when you make your investment. Details are contained in the relevant Prospectus or other constitutional document.
If you are unsure about the meaning of any information provided please consult your financial or other professional adviser.
The information contained on this site is subject to copyright with all rights reserved. It must not be reproduced, copied or redistributed in whole or in part.
The information contained on this site is published in good faith but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made by BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited or by any person as to its accuracy or completeness and it should not be relied on as such. BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited shall have no liability, save for any liability that BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited may have under the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (or the name of any replacement legislation if the legislation permits such a statement to be made), for any loss or damage arising out of the use or reliance on the information provided including without limitation, any loss of profit or any other damage, direct or consequential. No information on this site constitutes investment, tax, legal or any other advice.
Where a claim is brought against BlackRock by a third party in relation to your use of this website, you hereby agree to fully reimburse BlackRock for all losses, costs, actions, proceedings, claims, damages, expenses (including reasonable legal costs and expenses), or liabilities, whatsoever suffered or incurred directly by BlackRock as a consequence of improper use of this website.&amp;nbsp; Neither party should be liable to the other for any loss or damage which may be suffered by the other party due to any cause beyond the first party's reasonable control including without limitation any power failure.You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to keep secure and confidential any passwords that we issue to you and your authorised employees and not to let such password(s) become public knowledge. If any password(s) become known by someone other than you and your authorised employees, you must change those particular password(s) immediately using the function available for this purpose on the Website.
You may leave the BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited website when you access certain links on this website. In so doing, you may be proceeding to the site of an organisation that is not regulated under the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited has not examined any of these websites and does not assume any responsibility for the contents of such websites nor the services, products or items offered through such websites.
BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited shall have no liability for any data transmission errors such as data loss or damage or alteration of any kind, including, but not limited to, any direct, indirect or consequential damage, arising out of the use of the services provided herein.
 Past performance is no guarantee of future performance. The value of investments and the income from them may go down as well as up and are not guaranteed. You may not get back the amount you invested. Any favourable tax treatment of a product (including but not limited to ISAs) is subject to government legislation and as such may not be maintained. The levels and bases of, and reliefs from, taxation changed in the last Budget and may change in the future. Rates of exchange may cause the value of investments to go up or down. Fluctuation may be particularly marked in the case of a higher volatility fund and the value of an investment may fall suddenly and substantially. For your protection, telephone calls are usually recorded.
Please note that while some of the BlackRock funds are "ring-fenced", others form part of a single company and are not. For BlackRock funds that do not have segregated liability status, in the event of a single BlackRock fund being unable to meet liabilities attributable to that BlackRock fund out of the assets attributable to it, the excess may be met out of the assets attributable to the other BlackRock funds within the same company. We refer you to the prospectus or other relevant terms and conditions of each BlackRock fund for further information in this regard.
The BlackRock unit trusts are managed by BlackRock Fund Managers Limited (authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and a member of the Investment Management Association) which is the unit trust management affiliate of BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited.
The BlackRock ISA are managed by BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited (authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority).
Companies within the BlackRock Group which do not carry out investment business in the UK are not subject to the provisions of the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. Accordingly, investors entering into investment agreements with such companies will not have the protection afforded by that Act or the rules and regulations made under it, including the UK's Financial Services Compensation Scheme.
The views expressed herein do not necessarily reflect the views of BlackRock as a whole or any part thereof, nor do they constitute investment or any other advice.
Any research found on these pages has been procured and may have been acted on by BlackRock for its own purposes.
This site is operated and issued by BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (Register number 119293). You can gain access to the FCA's rules and guidance notes from the following link: http://www.fca.org.uk. BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited is a company registered in England, No. 2020394. Registered Office: 12 Throgmorton Avenue, London EC2N 2DL. BlackRock is a trading name of BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited. VAT No GB 888 4204 87. General enquiries about this website should be sent to EMEAwebmaster@blackrock.com. This email address should not be used for any enquiries relating to investments.
Important Information
An S&P Capital IQ fund grading represents an opinion only and should not be relied on when making an investment decision. Past performance is not indicative of future results. Currency exchange rates may affect the value of investments. Copyright © 2014 by McGraw-Hill international (UK) Limited (S&P), a subsidiary of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. All rights reserved.
© 2014 Morningstar. All Rights Reserved. The information, data, analyses, and opinions contained herein (1) include the proprietary information of Morningstar, (2) may not be copied or redistributed, (3) do not constitute investment advice offered by Morningstar, (4) are provided solely for informational purposes and therefore are not an offer to buy or sell a security, and (5) are not warranted to be correct, complete, or accurate. Morningstar shall not be responsible for any trading decisions, damages, or other losses resulting from, or related to, this information, data, analyses, or opinions or their use. The Morningstar Analyst Rating™ is subjective in nature and reflects Morningstar’s current expectations of future events/behaviour as they relate to a particular fund. Because such events/behaviour may turn out to be different than expected, Morningstar does not guarantee that a fund will perform in line with its Morningstar Analyst Rating. Likewise, the Morningstar Analyst Rating should not be seen as any sort of guarantee or assessment of the creditworthiness of a fund or of its underlying securities and should not be used as the sole basis for making any investment decision.

Privacy policy

BlackRock (“We/BlackRock”) recognizes the importance of protecting your personal and financial information when you visit our websites (each a “Website” and together “Websites”). This Policy including the Cookies Policy is designed to help you understand the information collection practices on all Websites owned or operated by or on behalf of companies within the BlackRock group of companies, including (but not limited to) blackrock.com and ishares.com, together with their local variations (for example, blackrock.co.uk; blackrock.com/de etc). Information collected on our Websites is collected by BlackRock Investment Management UK Limited. Contact information is included in this Policy and on the Website.
We are committed to:
(a)   protecting the personal data you provide to us;
(b)   telling you how we use the information we gather about you; and
(c)   ensuring that you know the circumstances under which we may disclose your personal data.
This Policy covers the privacy and data protection policies on our website, and should be read in conjunction with any other applicable policies, terms, and conditions in place between you and BlackRock.
 
Changes to this Policy
This Policy is dated 1st July 2016.
Previous versions of this Policy are available upon request. BlackRock reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time without notice, by updating this posting, in which case the date of the Policy will be revised. However, you will be asked to provide your consent to updated versions of this Policy in the event of a material change to the information contained within it. In addition, you will be asked to reaffirm your consent to this Policy on a periodic basis. The current version of this Policy can be accessed from the link on the homepage, or at the bottom of our other website pages. By accessing the Website following amendments, you are accepting the amended Policy.
 
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Policy, or our privacy related practices, please contact us:

through your usual contact or at any of our [offices];
by email at investor.services@blackrock.com; or feedback@iShares.com
by phone at (BlackRock) +44 (0) 800 445 522 (iShares) +44 (0) 20 7668 8007
by post: Global Privacy Officer, BlackRock, 12 Throgmorton Avenue, London, EC2N 2DL

 
Data Protection and Privacy
Information Collection and Use
 
Personal Data:
The personal data and other information you submit to our Websites is used to service your account, to improve our services to you and/or to provide you with information on BlackRock products and services. The types of personal data that may be collected at our Websites include: name, address, email address and telephone number. We will not sell, share or rent your personal data to others in contravention of this Privacy Policy.
Additionally, if you are accessing parts of this Website that are password protected, then once you submit your password and enter, this Website will recognize who you are and collect all information that you submit, including all electronic information (including all transaction information).
In the password protected section of our Website, or if you are a visitor who has entered the Website via a click through link in an email which we have sent you, information about you, including information about the pages you visit, the documents you download and other information which can help us personalize our future interaction with you may be collected. Any information collected about you from this Website may be associated with other identifying information that we have about you.
 
Your Rights
You may contact us to:-

request that we amend, rectify, delete or update the personal data we hold about you;
where possible (e.g., in relation to marketing) amend or update your choices around processing;
request a copy of personal data held by us.

Where you would like to receive a copy of all personal data held, such request should be in writing (email or post), addressed to our Global Privacy Officer at our London Office and should contain as much information as possible to facilitate our dealing with this request.
 
Aggregate Information:
We generally record certain usage information, such as the number and frequency of visitors to our Websites. This information may include the websites that you access immediately before and after your visit to our Websites, the Internet browser you are using and your IP address. If we use such data at all it will be on an aggregate basis, and we will not disclose to third parties any information that could be used to identify you personally.
 
Sharing your information with other BlackRock companies and Service Providers
Your personal data may be collected and processed for the purposes above:
(i) By any of the companies within the BlackRock group; or
(ii) By a third party service provider engaged by us for these purposes;
BlackRock companies and service providers we engage may be based in countries outside of the European Union / EEA in countries having different standards of protection for personal data. Recipients will be required by us to protect your information in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
 
Compliance with Laws
Your personal data will be held and processed by us in accordance with applicable data protection law.
We will not provide any personal data to any other persons, except if we are required to make disclosures by any law, any government or private parties in connection with a lawsuit, subpoena, investigation or similar proceeding.
 
E-mail and Marketing
BlackRock does not sell its customers' personal data, nor will we provide your personal data to third parties for their marketing purposes without your consent. BlackRock will not send you e-mail messages without first receiving your permission, unless it relates to servicing your account or unless you have consented to receiving electronic delivery of fund documents as part of our E-Delivery service. It is our policy to include instructions for unsubscribing from these permission-based programs.
 
Business Transfers
If the business, stock or assets of BlackRock are acquired or merged with another business entity, we will share all or some of your information with this entity to continue to provide our service to you. You will receive notice of such an event and the new entity will inform you of any changes to the practices in this Privacy Policy. If the new entity wishes to make additional use of your information, you may decline such use at such time.
 
Disclosure to Third Parties
The personal data you provide to us will only be disclosed to third parties if we have your permission, or as set out in this Privacy Policy. We may disclose details about the general use of our Websites to third parties – for example, to demonstrate patterns of use to advertisers and other business partners. Information we pass on for this purpose will not include any personal data by which you may be identified. We endeavour to prevent unauthorised disclosures of your personal data by third parties but we are not responsible for any unauthorised disclosures or other breaches of security or for the actions of others if the information was passed to them with your authority or with the authority of anyone other than us or our group companies.
 
Third Party Websites
BlackRock disclaims responsibility for the privacy policies and customer information practices of third party internet websites hyperlinked from our Website or this Privacy Policy.
 
Security
We recommend that you do not send us any personal data via non secure methods of correspondence, including via public electronic communication channels, such as Internet e-mail, which are generally not secure.
BlackRock protects your personal data when you transact business on our Website by requiring the use of a browser software program that supports industry standard SSL encryption with 128-bit key lengths. The "128-bit" designation refers to the length of the key used to encrypt the data being transmitted, with a longer key representing a higher level of security.
 
Cookies Policy
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are stored in your computer’s memory and hard drive, in your mobile device or tablet when you visit certain web pages. They are used to enable websites to function or to provide information to the owners of a website, or other third parties which receive data obtained from that website.
When you visit any web site, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalised web experience.
 
Why do we use cookies?
Cookies help us to provide customised services and information. We use cookies on all our Websites to tell us, in general terms, how and when pages in our Websites are visited, what our users’ technology preferences are – such as what type of video player they use – and whether our Websites are functioning properly. Depending on their purpose, some cookies will only operate for the length of a single browsing session, whilst others have a longer life span to ensure that they fulfil their longer-term purposes (as explained in more detail below). Please note that, however long the cookies’ active life may be, you can delete cookies (and therefore stop any further data collection by them) as further described below.
 
If you are using one of our password-protected sites, then the Website may use cookies or other technology to help us authenticate you, store and recognise your configuration and user attributes, facilitate your navigation of the website and customise its content so that the information made available is likely to be of more interest to you.
 
In broad terms, we use cookies on our Websites for the following purposes:
 
• Analytical purposes: Analytical cookies allow us to recognise, measure and track visitors to our Websites and compile a record of this usage information. This helps us to improve and develop the way our Websites work, for example, by determining whether site visitors can find information easily, or by identifying the aspects of websites that are of the most interest to them.
• Usage preferences: Some of the cookies on our Websites are activated when visitors to our sites make a choice about their usage of the site. Our Websites then ‘remember’ the settings preferences of the user concerned. This allows us to tailor aspects of our sites to the individual user.
• Terms and conditions: We use cookies on our Websites to record when a site visitor has seen a policy, such as this one, or provided consent, such as consent to the terms and conditions on our Websites. This helps to improve the user’s experience of the site – for example, it avoids a user from repeatedly being asked to consent to the same terms. We also track whether a user has seen other similar documents (such as an online survey) before – again, to ensure that a user’s experience of our Websites is a smooth one.
• Session management: The software that runs our websites uses cookies for technical purposes needed by the internal workings of our servers. For instance, we use cookies to distribute requests among multiple servers, authenticate users and determine what features of the site they can access, verify the origin of requests, keep track of information about a user’s session and determine which options or pages to display in order for the site to function.
• Functional purposes: Functional purpose cookies store information that is needed by our applications to process and operate. For example, where transactions or requests within an application involve multiple workflow stages, cookies are used to store the information from each stage temporarily, in order to facilitate completion of the overall transaction or request.
• Advertising: Advertising cookies allow us (or third parties) to monitor the behaviour of users of our Websites. This information is used to ensure that products and services highlighted to those individuals are targeted in a focused and relevant manner – e.g. through advertisements on BlackRock websites or through advertisements on third party websites (e.g. Bloomberg, Agefi.com Handlesblatt.de, etc) which are based on your experience with our Websites; or to monitor the effectiveness of those digital marketing campaigns. We also monitor whether the adverts displayed on our Websites are of interest to users and retain this information to ensure that adverts seen by users of our Websites over a period of time are appropriate.
 
Please note that third parties may use cookies. The kind of cookies and the consequent data processing carried out by such third parties are regulated by their privacy policy. Please see below.
 
Your cookie preferences
Cookies are necessary in order for you to be able to make full use of BlackRock’s Websites. In addition, cookies help us provide you with personalised features on our Websites. If you chose to disable cookies, some of BlackRock’s Website’s functionality might be impaired.
 
Local Flash Storage
On certain of our Websites, we include content designed for display using Adobe Flash Player, such as animations, videos and tools. Local flash storage (often referred to as “Flash cookies”) can be used to help improve your experience as a user. Flash storage is retained on your device in much the same way as standard cookies, but is managed directly by your Flash software.
If you wish to disable or delete information stored locally in Flash, please see the documentation for your Flash software, located at www.adobe.com. Please note that, if you disable Flash cookies, some site functionality may not work.
 
Third party cookies 
When you visit our Websites, you may receive cookies that are set by third parties. These may include cookies set by Google, Bizo, LinkedIn, AppNexus, Xaxis, MediaMind and/or Rocketfuel. These cookies are used for the purposes described in the “Why Do We Use Cookies?” section of this policy. We do not control the setting of these third party cookies, so we suggest you might wish to check the third party websites for more information about their use of cookies and how to manage them.
 




Host


Type

 

Third Party

 

Privacy Policy




Doubleclick.net


Advertising

 

Google

 

Google




Google.com


Advertising

 

Google

 

Google




.universal.iperceptions.com


Advertising

 

Iperceptions

 

Iperceptions




survey.efmfeedback.com


Advertising

 

Verint Inc

 

Verint




.serving-sys.com


Advertising

 

Sizmek

 

Sizmek




bs.serving-sys.com


Advertising

 

Sizmek

 

Sizmek




Xasis.com


Advertising

 

Xaxis

 

Xaxis




 
Amending cookie preferences
If you wish to remove cookies set by our Websites from your browser in the future, you may delete them. The instructions for removing cookies from your computer or mobile device depend on the operating system and web browser you use. Please note, however, that withdrawing your agreement to the use of cookies on our sites will impair the functionality of the sites.
 
The site www.allaboutcookies.org includes instructions for managing cookies on many commonly used browses, or you may consult the vendor documentation for your specific software.
Further information about cookies
If you would like to find out more about cookies in general and how to manage them, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
If you would like to find out more about the third party cookies which we use on our website, you can access the third party.




















 






Investment ideas 

Alternative investments
BlackRock UK Income Fund
BlackRock Global Multi Asset Income Fund
Investment trusts
Asset classes
Charities




Planning 

Retirement choices




Insights 

UK Equities
Investor Pulse
 
Blog 





Resources 

Library
Investment guides
How to invest
KIIDs explained
Tax information
Reporting Fund Status
Securities lending


















About Us


Contact


Careers


Awards


Investor Relations


Newsroom








Terms & Conditions


Privacy Policy


Modern Slavery Statement






© 2017 BlackRock, Inc. All rights reserved.

















BLACKROCK EUROPEAN HEDGE FUND LTD Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      BLACKROCK EUROPEAN HEDGE FUND LTD
                    

•   LONDON, X0
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Blackrock European Hedge Fund LTD is based out of London.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-10-28. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  hedge fund The notice  included securities offered of Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests,Other
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 4



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from BLACKROCK EUROPEAN HEDGE FUND LTD, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




blackrock european hedge fund ltd


12 THROGMORTON AVENUE

LONDON
X0
                                                        
                                                    EC2N 2DL


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      44 20 7743 3000







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 10/28/2016
D/A filed on 10/23/2015
D/A filed on 01/07/2014
D filed on 01/14/2013
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-10-28
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests,Other
    
INDEFINITE
365,854,623
INDEFINITE


2015-10-23
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests,Other
    
INDEFINITE
61,633,460
INDEFINITE


2014-01-07
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests,Other
    
INDEFINITE
23,000,000
INDEFINITE


2013-01-14
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests,Other
    
INDEFINITE
19,000,000
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




DESMOND   MURRAY

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



FRANK   LE FEUVRE

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



N/A   BLACKROCK INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (UK) LIMITED

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



PAUL   FREEMAN

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



THOMAS   NUMMER

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



WILLIAM   ROBERTS

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















Fund Lab - Credit Suisse








































Credit Suisse - Fund Lab




                        EN
                    



                        DE
                    



                        FR
                    



                        IT
                    




Fund Lab










 Giving you access to over 10,000 funds from almost 100 providers worldwide

Please choose your country of domicile

Switzerland
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua & Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Chile
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Faroe Islands
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
Ireland
Italy
Jersey
Jordan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Malta
Mauritius
Monaco
Netherlands
Norway
Oman
Panama
Peru
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
San Marino
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Turkey
United Arab Emirates


Please select your investor profile

Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Accredited Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor
Retail Investor





 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from distributors registered with the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores (CNMV). Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries, Zurich, is not a registered distributor.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, EU domiciled investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
        
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        

 Please confirm that you have read, understood and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Important Information given below.
        
This website contains information on a large number of investment funds which are registered and managed in different jurisdictions. Access to the information contained on this website may be restricted by laws and regulations applicable to you as a user. Truthfully stating your domicile is a mandatory requirement for using this website.
        
This information is not intended for you if you are bound by laws or regulations which prohibit the publication of or access to the information in question by virtue of your nationality, your place of residence or on other grounds. If you are subject to such restrictions, you are not permitted to access this information.
        
An investment in the funds described on this website should be made only after careful study of the most recent sales prospectus and the basic legal information, risks, tax aspects and any offering restrictions and other conditions contained therein. Sales prospectuses, key investor information document (KIID), where available, and annual and semiannual reports may be obtained free of charge from the Credit Suisse branch responsible.
        
According to the UCITS Directive 2009/65/EC, investors shall be provided with a key investor information document (KIID) before subscription to a UCITS fund. KIID is provided on the website of the respective investment company or management company or, where available, on this Fund Lab website, "Documents". You herewith specifically consent to the provision of KIID in that form.
        
Every investment involves risk, especially with regard to fluctuations in value and return, up to a total loss of the amount invested. Historical returns and financial market scenarios are no guarantee of current or future performance. Information on investment fund returns may be stated in a currency other than that of your domicile; accordingly exchange-rate fluctuations should be taken into account.
        
Transactions in investment products are subject to tax laws and provisions under various legal jurisdictions: e.g. in the legal jurisdiction in which the investment products are issued or in which the issuer is domiciled; in the legal jurisdictions in which the investment products have invested; in the legal jurisdictions in which these investment products are held in the safekeeping accounts of investors; in the legal jurisdiction in which the investors are domiciled or resident or are subject to tax obligations.        Potential investors are personally responsible for informing themselves about the applicable tax laws and provisions and for complying with them in connection with the subscription, purchase, holding, sale, redemption or distribution of investments. Statements about transactions in investment products may not be construed as tax advice on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. It is recommended that investors carefully consider the potential tax consequences of such investments, as needed with the assistance of a tax advisor, and compare them with the tax consequences of investing in other products. It is also important to note that investors must still themselves compile and/or supplement the data for the calculation of taxes even where such data has been automatically prepared on the part of Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. 
        
Units of investment funds of Credit Suisse Group AG's three fund platforms (Switzerland and Liechtenstein) and CS funds that are managed in Germany by SGSS Deutschland Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or any of its territories. Units of these investment funds may not be offered, sold or delivered to US citizens or persons resident or incorporated in the US and/or other natural or legal persons whose income and/or returns, regardless of origin, are subject to US income tax, as well as persons who are considered to be US persons pursuant to Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and/or the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as amended from time to time.
The information on investment funds provided on this website does not represent an offer or a recommendation to enter into a transaction of any kind.
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries may receive from third parties as part of their compensation or otherwise, one-time or recurring remunerations (e.g. issue commissions, trailer fees).
        







 






Your advantage
Fund Lab is an interactive online fund database covering a broad universe of funds. This universe, which is permanently expanded, features funds from many different fund providers that all have two things in common - well known brands and strong products





Increase Contrast
Print



Follow us on:




















Copyright © 1997 - 2017 Credit Suisse Group AG and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries. All rights reserved.

Terms of Use, Internet Security, Privacy & Cookie Policy and Global Patriot Act Certificate.                    

























Top 10 Hedge Funds in the U.S. | GOBankingRates       
    
    
GOBankingRates > Investing > Hedge Funds > Hedge Fund FAQs > Top 10 Hedge Funds in the U.S.
    

Top 10 Hedge Funds in the U.S.Here's a look at the biggest hedge funds in the U.S., with details on their assets and returns.
By John Csiszar
January 21, 2017





ventdusud  / Shutterstock.com






In many ways, a hedge fund is an ultra-sophisticated mutual fund. Like mutual funds, hedge funds take a pool of investor money and invest it in a variety of investments. However, hedge fund managers benefit from the fact that hedge funds are not regulated in the same way as mutual funds. Thus, hedge funds might allow you to buy or sell an asset not available to a traditional mutual fund.Hedge fund research is essential before you choose to invest. Take a look at the top hedge funds, which employ complex strategies to minimize risk and maximize return.    Top 10 Hedge FundsHere are the top 10 hedge funds in the U.S., according to asset size, as ranked by Barron’s, a financial investment news provider.NameAssets (mil)FeaturesParametrica Global Master Ltd.$476Highest-returning over one- and three-year periodsCamox Ltd.$455Long-bias hedge fund managed by Cologny AdvisorsVoloridge Trading$390Market-neutral fund with low betaDunn-WMA LP$542Managed futures fundOkumus Opportunistic Value Ltd.$524Run by famed manager Ahmet OkumusMarlin LP$797Concentrated fund managed by star manager Michael MastersBlackRock European Hedge$1,710Largest in top 10; only European-focused fundChenavari Toro Ltd.$394Asset-backed securities fund based out of LondonCity Financial Absolute Equity$347Designed to achieve positive returns in any market conditionPassport Special Opportunities Strategy$460Global macro fund employing long-term, concentrated focusParametrica Global Master Ltd.Parametrica Global Master Ltd. is a hedge fund based in Hong Kong. With $476 million under management, the fund boasted industry-best single-year and three-year average returns in 2015 of 44.84 percent and 29.94 percent, respectively.The fund’s main strategy focuses on statistical arbitrage, a complicated investment method that involves the simultaneous buying and selling of securities based on short-term mean reversion, or the belief that securities will return to a trendline. Parametrica also utilizes hedging strategies to minimize overall market risk through being market-neutral — that is, having as little net exposure to the overall market as possible.    Find Out: 4 Reasons Why You Should Choose Socially Responsible InvestmentsCamox Ltd.Camox Ltd. is an equity long-bias hedge fund operating out of London. Managed by Cologny Advisors, the fund’s strategy is less esoteric and essentially focuses on picking winning stocks.However, “long-bias” doesn’t mean that the fund is always fully invested. Rather, it means the fund doesn’t go “market-neutral” or short stocks as much as the average fund, but it still hedges its positions. A typical long-bias fund usually has between 40- and 80-percent exposure to equities. The $455 million fund has proven this can be a winning strategy, with a 29.3-percent three-year average return after a 12.89-percent showing in 2015.Voloridge TradingVoloridge Trading is a hedge fund with $390 million in assets that, as a market-neutral fund, attempts to have a beta as close to zero as possible. In layman’s terms, this means the fund attempts to minimize the effect of the overall market on its returns, instead focusing on placing concentrated bets on securities it anticipates will outperform the market as a whole.    The fund achieved a return of 16.15 percent in 2015, part of its three-year total return of 28.77 percent. Based in Jupiter, Fla., the fund is part of the larger Voloridge Investment Management group, which manages total net client assets of $1.327 billion.Dunn-WMA LPDunn-WMA LP is a newcomer to the top 10 list this year, and the only fund employing a managed futures strategy. A managed futures fund relies on commodities trading advisors to take long and short positions in a number of different types of futures contracts, including but not limited to equity indexes like Standard & Poor’s 500 index; commodities such as cotton, sugar or coffee; metals, including gold or silver; grains like wheat, corn or soybeans; foreign currency or government bond futures.Managing $542 million, the fund, based in Stuart, Fla., returned 10.04 percent in 2015. Three-year returns were better, reaching 26.14 percent.Okumus Opportunistic Value Ltd.Another newcomer to this year’s top 10 list is the Okumus Opportunistic Value Ltd. fund. Headquartered in New York, the Okumus Fund Management vehicle oversees $524 million in investor assets using an equity long/short strategy. A long/short strategy allows a fund to own stocks it believes will rise in value while shorting stocks it anticipates will fall.    With a three-year compound rate of return of 25.86 percent, the fund returned 14.26 percent in 2015. Managed by legendary value investor Ahmet Okumus, the fund typically runs a concentrated portfolio that is primarily long, although its long/short strategy allows it to hedge as it deems prudent.Learn: How to Invest in Real EstateMarlin LPMarlin LP returned a negative 8.41 percent to investors, but still managed an impressive 25.54 percent for its three-year compound annual return. The equity long-bias fund with $797 million in assets is run by Masters Capital Management out of Atlanta, Ga., but its star manager is Michael Masters, one of the top hedge fund managers featured in the book “Stock Market Wizards.”Masters uses options and makes wagers on companies he anticipates have a catalyst to move the stock higher. He also focuses on money flow, or sectors/investments that “big money” investors are buying, in anticipation that those hot areas will continue to attract more investor money.BlackRock European HedgeOne of the largest hedge funds, the BlackRock European Hedge fund is by far the largest on the top 10 list with $1.71 billion in client funds under management. The fund is managed by BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited but is part of the much larger BlackRock Inc. out of New York.The fund returned a three-year average of 25.02 percent, punctuated by a stellar 36.27 percent in 2015. Focusing solely on European investments, the fund utilizes an equity long/short strategy, both buying and shorting equities. The fund invests across diversified industries and all market capitalizations.See: What the 6 Top Hedge Fund Managers Do With Their BillionsChenavari Toro Ltd.A small division of the $5.4 billion under management by Chenavari Investment Managers of London, the Chenavari Toro Ltd. hedge fund oversees $394 million in investor funds using an asset-backed securities strategy. Returning 15.21 percent in 2015, the fund posted a three-year compound annual return of 24.11 percent.      Sponsored Links by Zergnet 
Chenavari’s strategy focuses on bonds that are backed by various assets, including auto loans or credit card receivables. Chenavari Toro Ltd. also invests opportunistically in other structured credit investments, primarily European-based, that trade in the primary and secondary markets.City Financial Absolute EquityAlthough it’s the smallest hedge fund in the top 10 at just $347 million in assets under management, the City Financial Absolute Equity fund nonetheless posted impressive 2015 and three-year average compounded returns of 22.66 and 23.54 percent, respectively. The fund is run by City Financial Investment of London, a multi-national investment firm with $3.7 billion in client assets. The fund’s long/short strategy is designed to achieve a positive return in any type of market condition, measured over rolling three-year periods, by investing mainly in UK and global equities.Passport Special Opportunities StrategyRounding out the top 10 hedge fund list is the Passport Special Opportunities Strategy fund, with $460 million in assets run under a global macro strategy. The fund, out of Passport Capital in San Francisco, posted a 17.71-percent return in 2015, along with a three-year compound average of 23.50 percent.The fund’s special opportunity strategy focuses on longer-term investments with less liquidity, coupled with a concentrated portfolio of typically just 15 to 25 positions. Less liquid or private equities are also part of the overall investment strategy. 

Comments   

    

    

 Share



x




Save for Your Future                        

Check Out the Next Article

 

Investment Options: Advantages and Disadvantages of             

Learn what managed funds have to offer — and what you should be wary of.                
    

Related Articles



 


Investing                    

9 Best Short-Term Investment Options                    

Learn about short-term investment choices for quicker returns.                        
By Michael Keenan



 


Investing                    

What Is a Hedge Fund?                    
By Terence Loose



 


Investing                    

What the 6 Top Hedge Fund Managers Do With Their Billions                    
By Laura Woods



 


Investing                    

What Is a Mutual Fund?                    
By Barbara Friedberg



 


Investing                    

Investing for Beginners: What First-Time Investors Need to Know                    
By Stephanie Faris



 


Investing                    

Should a Mutual Fund Be Your First Investment?                    
By Dorethia Kelly



 


Investing                    

Hedge Fund Industry Size                    
By GOBankingRates Staff



 


Investing                    

History of Hedge Funds                    
By GOBankingRates Staff

Load More Related Articles                    

  Sponsored Links by Zergnet 


          Hedge Funds | GOBankingRates       
    
    

GOBankingRates > Investing > Hedge FundsHedge Funds



Loading...


 


Investing                    

Top 10 Hedge Funds in the U.S.                    

Learn how the top hedge funds in the country maximize their returns.                        
By John Csiszar



 


Investing                    

What Is a Hedge Fund?                    
By Terence Loose



 


Investing                    

What the 6 Top Hedge Fund Managers Do With Their Billions                    
By Laura Woods



 


Investing                    

What is the Hedge Fund Selection Process?                    
By GOBankingRates Staff



 


Investing                    

US Regulation of Hedge Funds                    

Hedge funds are a collective investment scheme where the financial resources of an investment pool are gathered and utilized in mass for strength. The structure is similar to a mutual fund, but according to the U.S. Securities and Exchanges Commission, “Hedge funds typically issue securities in ‘private offerings’ that are not registered with the SEC...                        
By GOBankingRates Staff



 


Investing                    

Hedge Fund Industry Size                    
By GOBankingRates Staff



 


Investing                    

Hedge Funds: Company Structures                    
By GOBankingRates Staff



 


Investing                    

Advantages and Disadvantages of Hedge Fund Investments                    
By GOBankingRates Staff



Save for Your Future                        


    




Investing
To grow your money over time, you can’t just save it; you need to invest it. Investing requires taking on some risk, which could lead to greater reward as well as loss. Learn the basics today.Read More
IRA
An IRA is an individual retirement account in which you can save money while taking advantage of tax breaks. Be sure to compare IRA options with Roth IRAs and 401ks, as the differences can be subtle.Read More
401K
Get personal finance retirement accounts 401k economy news, advice and information from leading personal finance site GOBankingRates.comRead More
Stocks
Before you invest in the stock market, there’s a lot to learn. Read expert advice on investing and discover how make your dollars go further. GOBankingRates can help you get started.Read More

More in Hedge Funds




 


Investing                    

Concept of Hedging Investments                    
By GOBankingRates Staff



 


Investing                    

Two Risks You’re Taking With Hedge Funds                    
By GOBankingRates Staff



 


Investing                    

What are Hedge Funds Invested in?                    
By GOBankingRates Staff



 


Investing                    

What do Hedge Fund Managers do?                    
By GOBankingRates Staff



 


Investing                    

Who Can Invest in a Hedge Fund?                    
By GOBankingRates Staff



 


Investing                    

History of Hedge Funds                    
By GOBankingRates Staff

Load More Hedge Funds                    


Load More Hedge Funds                    

Loading...Understanding Hedge FundsHedge funds are generally reserved for investors that are serious about investing — and for those with significant assets to back that up. Put simply, a hedge fund is a partnership of investors run by a manager, typically the person who started the hedge fund. Hedge funds are similar to mutual funds, only they operate on a much larger scale and they aren’t regulated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.When it comes to hedge funds, the “two and twenty” fee structure is common. This means that the manager earns 2 percent of the funds, regardless of performance. In addition, the manager earns 20 percent of the return on investments each year.Those who invest in hedge funds are playing with big money — meaning they can make millions of dollars on these types of deals. However, because so much money is involved, that means you have to have money to make money. Learn more here at GOBankingRates.
More in Hedge Funds
About Hedge Funds
Hedge Fund FAQs


          Hedge Fund FAQs | GOBankingRates       
    
    

GOBankingRates > Investing > Hedge Funds > Hedge Fund FAQsHedge Funds FAQs



Loading...


 


Investing                    

Top 10 Hedge Funds in the U.S.                    

Learn how the top hedge funds in the country maximize their returns.                        
By John Csiszar



 


Investing                    

What Is a Hedge Fund?                    
By Terence Loose



 


Investing                    

What is the Hedge Fund Selection Process?                    
By GOBankingRates Staff



 


Investing                    

What are Hedge Funds Invested in?                    
By GOBankingRates Staff


Save for Your Future                        


    




Investing
To grow your money over time, you can’t just save it; you need to invest it. Investing requires taking on some risk, which could lead to greater reward as well as loss. Learn the basics today.Read More
Loans
Before taking out a loan, it’s important to do your homework. Make sure you’re getting the best terms and rates by reading expert advice on GOBankingRates before you take out a loan you can’t afford.Read More
Stocks
Before you invest in the stock market, there’s a lot to learn. Read expert advice on investing and discover how make your dollars go further. GOBankingRates can help you get started.Read More
High-Yield Savings Accounts
A high-yield savings account is exactly what it sounds like — a savings account with a high interest rate that enables you to grow your savings. Compare the best accounts on GOBankingRates’ custom rate tables.Read More
Understanding Hedge FundsA hedge fund is a high-risk type of investment available to those with significant cash or assets on hand. They are similar to mutual funds in that they are made up of underlying securities — such as stocks, bonds and other commodities — but the difference is that hedge funds are not regulated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and they are not as liquid as mutual funds, so you can’t convert them back into cash unless they are out of the “lock up” period.Essentially, hedge funds are reserved for the already wealthy. To invest in hedge funds, you must have a net worth of at least $1 million — which cannot include your primary residence — earn a minimum annual salary and be extremely knowledgeable in the field of investing. In other words, hedge funds are not designed for the average Joe.Get all your hedge fund questions answered by visiting GOBankingRates.

          






BlackRock Alternative Investors | The Hedge Fund Journal












































Skip to main content






This website uses cookies to help us give you the best experience when you visit our website. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our use of these cookies.



 

























 
 






 







You must have a subscription in order to see the rest of this article. For a free 30-day trial click here.
Login *



Password *


Create new accountRequest new password

 



Search



Search 





 




 

 
 







About
Current Issue
Daily News
Reports
Video
Rankings
Events
Subscriptions
Advertise
Indices







 

 












ProfileBlackRock Alternative InvestorsSturdy platform underpins a big and growing hedge fund business BILL McINTOSHFirst published 14 Jun 2011 







 






  
  
 Event 
 50 Leading Women In Hedge Funds 2017 

  
 Commentary 
 Shareholder Activism In Asia 
 
 




We want to be able to synthesise all of this internal knowledge and link it with external research to enhance the investment process.MATTHEW BOTEIN


 



BlackRock Alternative Investors






With assets of over $3.5 trillion BlackRock bestrides the global investment industry. With over $115 billion in alternative investments, BlackRock finds itself among the leading tier of firms that have developed since the sector took off in the early 1980s. But it was the acquisition of Barclays Global Investments in 2009 that took BlackRock to the top table of hedge fund operators.
In mid-2011 it is managing over $54 billion across single manager hedge funds ($29 billion), fund of hedge funds ($20 billion) and UCITS funds ($5 billion). Even allowing for fluctuations in assets under management among the leading hedge fund groups, BlackRock is comfortably holding down third place by assets under management in the wake of hedge fund industry leader Bridgewater ($90 billion) and the number two player Man Group ($69 billion).
Getting to see BlackRock proved far from straightforward. A request earlier this year to interview Mark Lyttleton and Nick Osbourne, managers of the UCITS sector leading BlackRock UK Absolute Alpha ($3.5 billion AUM) was flatly turned down. Though it is a long/short equity vehicle, BlackRock has assiduously (and visibly) marketed the fund to retail investor channels and was distinctly cold on it being analysed as a hedge fund. But in May, Matthew Botein, who became Managing Director and head of BlackRock Alternative Investors when it was carved out of the group in mid-2010, agreed to an interview on a lightening quick investor road show to Europe.
Alternatives finding an audience“The good news is that everyone is happy to get together and talk about alternative investment strategies right now,” says Botein, who at 38 offers a youthful vitality that goes along with an impressive record of achievement. “It is not an unreceptive audience. The bad news: it was all in one week.” Giving every impression of being the happy corporate road warrior, Botein whizzed through investor meetings in London, Copenhagen, Stockholm and Amsterdam.
Though Botein says he struggled with the darkness on a previous winter visit in northern Europe this tour occurred in the lengthening days of spring. The preference for light extends easily enough to transparency, which is a major factor in institutional investors’ growing allocations to the compliance-heavy investment platforms that are the hallmark of mega asset managers like BlackRock.
BlackRock, as a leading investor in alternative funds, notably funds of hedge funds, is a keen advocate of greater transparency. With regulators pushing fund managers to provide investors with better information about what they own, firms like BlackRock will be well served by improved reporting standards and better clarity on risk exposures. Botein, for his part, is also positive about the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive and mindful about how regulation is evolving differently in Europe, the US and Asia.
“I think in general we feel the process is one that we have been able to be involved in, especially with the European process around the AIFM Directive,” says Botein. “We think it has been open and constructive. We have provided input. In particular, the proposed regulations with regard to transparency are beneficial. There is always a challenge in crafting regulations in protecting investors on the one hand and on the other hand ensuring you don’t curtail sophisticated investors’ ability to participate the best global opportunity set. It does seem policy makers in Europe are focused on not having that negative unintended consequence.”

Comfortable with reformLike other alternative funds managers, BlackRock finds comfort in the big picture enveloping the reforms. Improving market processes and more close structuring of the relationship between fund managers and investors means that institutional allocators will be able to become more comfortable with the wide range of alternative funds, including hedge funds. In turn, this should help more assets flow to alternative funds.
“If you step back there is a big opportunity for investors in alternatives to benefit from the fact that teams are going to be put in motion as a result of some of these reforms,” says Botein. “We have been able to attract more than our fair share of those teams which, in general, are coming out of captive proprietary environments and we are able to bring them to an open fiduciary one.”
Just as portfolio mangers are being put in motion, so are investor allocations. “Absolutely significant amounts of assets are going to be in motion as financial institutions divest assets which in this new world are deemed not appropriate for their balance sheets,” he says. “There is an opportunity for investors to invest in a fiduciary programme that has talented managers buying assets neither of which may have been necessarily accessible to them previously. We think that is a very positive development.”

A Blackstone veteranBotein’s youthfulness in the flesh belies some big time experience. Before joining Blackrock as head of the special situations group he was chairman of his own private investment firm, Botein & Co. LLC, and from 2003 to 2009 he served as an analyst and then managing director of Highfields, a value-oriented Boston-based institutional investment manager. Before that Botein cut his teeth with a three year stint working as a private equity principal at Blackstone where he gravitated after excelling in AB and then MBA degrees at Harvard. He is currently vice chairman of Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company, a vehicle created by BlackRock and Highfields to channel long-term finance to the US mortgage sector. He also sits on the boards of other public companies (First American Corp. and Aspen Insurance Holdings Ltd.) and is involved with various private and philanthropic organisations.
Coming to BlackRock, saw Botein help to knit together the firm’s multi-faceted alternative investment business. It extends across numerous business lines, dozens of strategies and hundreds of funds. If diversity is the one free lunch of asset allocation, then BAI’s menu of alternative funds would seem to offer investors a vast smorgasbord from which to choose. Within BAI, the hedge fund business, including funds of funds and UCITS, account for nearly half of the AUM. Combining such large scale in both the fund of funds arm and the single manger business is a relative rarity in the hedge fund industry.
“We think there is an important role within BlackRock for both direct hedge funds and for the hedge fund of fund capabilities,” says Botein. “In a sense we think of direct hedge funds as being the source of pure alpha as manufactured at BlackRock for our clients. Obviously in all of our fundamental products we shoot to have alpha but it is in the hedge funds we seek to deliver that alpha more purely and separated more from the beta component.”
The logic of the funds of funds business comes from a simple recognition that there will always be opportunities to identify and package alpha in investors from external sources. “As much as we feel we have the greatest investors in the world working at BlackRock, the reality is we don’t have all of them,” says Botein. “Being able to provide both internal and external alpha to our clients enables us to have a conversation about optimising their portfolio and working to include all of the best building blocks, whether we make them here directly or not.”
Veteran hedge fund investor The base of BlackRock Alternative Advisors, which comprises the hedge fund of funds business, is Quellos Group, acquired in 2007. Bryan White, a co-founder of Quellos and chief investment officer, became managing director of BAA, bringing a two decade track record in manager selection and operational due diligence.
The network of fund managers includes a current group of over 100 that BlackRock is invested with. There is also a historical database of two decades of interaction with portfolio managers, tracking movements and performance. On top of this, there is a due diligence process of people and strategies that has evolved considerably in response to changing investment and market conditions.
“They are able to undertake on behalf of their investors more due diligence than most investors could reasonably on their own on a given manager,” says Botein. “Their technique of building a multi-manager portfolio takes into account not just the individual merits of one manager but also how that manager blends and interacts with the other components of the portfolio.”
A key part of the strength of the fund of funds proposition is transparency. Over 80% of the underlying positions in which BAA invests display position level transparency. This helps both risk management and aids portfolio optimisation, though BlackRock is careful to screen this from its direct hedge fund investing and other investing businesses.

Customised allocations Given BlackRock’s scale with many managers, it can often customise an allocation to a fund of funds manager. This could give an improvement on commercial terms or it might be to get an opportunity to invest in individual strategies or the sub-strategies of a manager – areas where an individual investor might not have the clout or a sufficient level of capital to have the same impact.
“Many people think BAA and the fund of funds business is largely about access,” says Botein. “It is really much more than that, especially today when so many funds are open to investors. Access isn’t among the chief attributes of what the fund of fund business can do. It is really about creating a portfolio solution by leveraging the abilities that the team has, which in many cases are not replicable by individual investors.”
Though funds of funds have yet to fully recover from the liquidity and performance problems they exhibited during 2008-2010, the need among institutional investors for the service is palpable. Like other providers, BlackRock is seeing investors use funds of funds as part of a much broader alternatives solution. Direct investment will occur after enough diligence work has taken place, but there is still a need among some allocators to put to work a larger proportion of their portfolio more quickly in liquid alpha opportunities that provide needed diversification and enhancement to direct allocations.

Adding alpha streams“I think that coming out of the crisis in 2008 and subsequent years, particularly the larger, sophisticated investors have looked at funds of funds as a source of new and interesting ways to customise flows of alpha in an existing alternatives portfolio,” says Ken Kroner, head of global market strategies and head of BlackRock Scientific Active Equity, a key silo for its single manager hedge fund business. “Obviously the fund of fund industry has gone through a lot of change. We are long the notion of what value funds of funds can provide, particularly to larger, more sophisticated plans that are interested in getting essentially a customised alpha stream that compliments the existing alpha stream of their plan.”
Kroner migrated to BlackRock with the takeover of BGI, which he joined in 1994 after doing a PhD in economics at the University of California (San Diego) and teaching economics and finance at the University of Arizona. At BGI, he ran global market strategies, co-headed client solutions and headed the Hedge Fund Management Group. These teams oversaw BGI’s asset allocation, global macro, currency, active commodity and funds of hedge funds investing.
A certain dualism is apparent in the thinking among hedge fund investors in 2011, according to Kroner. “Investors are very clearly showing their preference for managers that have the ability to have a very robust infrastructure that backs up investment professionals that have a lot of autonomy,” he says. Kroner attributes this to the phenomenon of big, institutional type hedge funds growing assets healthily while smaller and newer firms struggle to attract capital.
Comprehensive risk management“No longer are the days when there are lots of flows going into small shops that don’t have the ability to have independent risk monitoring,” he says. “That is a key point here. Clients are not accepting of the notion that the investment manager is also at the same time acting as the risk manager. You have to have independence of those functions and they have to be very robust and cover everything from redundancy of systems, back up of people, independent counter party risk management – in short, the things that can only done with a larger, more robust organisation. The picture is one of investment professionals operating with levels of autonomy – that is very important – but surrounded and enveloped with a very robust, global, 24 hour infrastructure that can make sure everything is being acted upon as a pure fiduciary. That is what the marketplace is demanding.”
Building the hedge fund business shows BlackRock’s healthy appetite for acquisition, something underlined by the deals for BGI and Quellos. That is a natural evolution given BlackRock’s spin out form Blackstone by continuing CEO and Chairman Larry Fink, who took the business independent in 1992. Along the way, transactions helped open new doors or broaden existing product offerings.
BlackRock, for example, was quite active in fixed income oriented investment strategies. But it reached out to acquire businesses from Merrill Lynch which operated in hedge funds in the fundamental equities area focused on certain geographic regions and certain industries. The acquisition of State Street Research added additional capabilities in the fundamental equities area. More recently, the integration of BGI brought both equity and fixed income quantitative long/short investment capabilities to the firm.
“Putting those all together what you actually create is quite a broad set of different investment styles, security types, and geographies,” ways Botein. “When they are all put together the product offering becomes quite comprehensive and the investment strategies become quite diversifying to each other.”
A diversified alternatives offeringThe end result, Kroner says, is beneficial for both clients and Blackrock’s portfolio managers. “What’s exciting is that it allows our clients to access a broadly diversified set of alternatives,” he says. “But also our investment professionals continue to benefit from that diversity because they can communicate with peers that have significant expertise and depth in a huge variety of instruments, geographies and investment management strategies. So the diversity of input that an investment professional can get by virtue of the panoply of strategies we run is what is really exciting. What attracts people to work here is that they can pick up the phone and they are able to talk to someone who trades different instruments across the world. Our clients benefit from it and our investment management professionals are beneficiaries. That’s all part of why we have this set up of businesses.”
For an example of how the different investment businesses in BAI can feed off each other consider a potential hedge fund investor’s interest in the renewable energy sector. Across BlackRock there are long only and hedge fund analysts covering traditional energy sources like gas, petroleum and nuclear. There are also analysts who work in commodities funds who analyse the underlying commodities in terms of supply and demand, and market trends. Finally, BlackRock also has a team that manages a renewable energy fund which is engaged in long term investments to build power projects. The ability to tap this knowledge and experience across numerous investment areas underpins the logic of knitting the BAI into a unified entity under Botein.
“We want to be able to synthesise all of this internal knowledge and link it with external research to enhance the investment process,” says Botein. “The culture is such that we expect people here to pick up the phone and treat one and other as partners.”
Agriculture and resource fundsJust as renewable power is an important new focus for BlackRock, the firm has also developed a number of investable hedge fund themes related to agriculture and natural resources. Liquidity can be a constraining factor. A large farming operation or mine, for example, won’t fit neatly in a conventional hedge fund type vehicle. As a result, hedge fund exposure to farming and resources occurs through trading the equity and debt of companies active in the sectors. There is also active investment in a wide range of commodities through futures.
BlackRock itself doesn’t have a definitive view about whether commodities exposure should be hedged or heavily directional. Botein’s view is straightforward: he thinks that both approaches can be used.
“The point is that there is an understanding among investors about what they are investing and what they are not investing in,” he says. “So you can have an alpha oriented long/short strategy in the natural resources sector or you have a super cycle bet which is going to tend to be long biased. Our view is that whichever it is, it is important that investors and managers are on the same page.”
Ensuring the right vehicleWhat’s crucial to get right is the investment vehicle to ensure that it is appropriate for a particular form of exposure. This is particularly important with commodities and resources given the wide range of alpha generators: equity, debt, futures, currencies and physicals.
“It is all about getting exposure in different ways,” says Kroner. “Whether that is by futures in the commodities market or whether it is through more fundamental type strategies. The key questions for an investor are what they want exposure to and how will they get the exposure. Is a particular vehicle the appropriate one to hold a certain type of exposure? That is what this all comes back to. What is most important is being up front with clients about what we are trying to access and how we are trying to do it.” 
 
Profile 



 

 
 

 


























BlackRock launches Multi-Manager Alternative Strategies Fund | Hedgeweek








































Contact
About Us / Media
Ad guidelines
Cookies
 



Login
Register
 











Sign up for free newsletter 




Operational Resource Centre

Technology Resource Centre

Market Trends









news

Special Reports

Directory

Guides

Events

Training

Jobs

Awards










HomeNewsFundsLaunches & Fundraising

  


Tweet  

Tweet  




 


BlackRock launches Multi-Manager Alternative Strategies Fund

Thu, 14/08/2014 - 06:00 
Tags
						: 
Launches & Fundraising











BlackRock has launched the BlackRock Multi-Manager Alternative Strategies Fund, offering individual investors the opportunity to access multiple alternative investment strategies in a single open-end mutual fund.
The investment objective of the fund is to seek total return.
 
The fund extends BlackRock's alternative mutual fund platform to seven funds.
 
The fund leverages the industry knowledge of BlackRock Alternative Advisors (BAA), BlackRock's hedge fund solutions platform.
 
"Following the market volatility of recent years, it is critical for investors to understand that exposure to a wider range of investments is necessary as part of a core investment strategy," says Ken Barbuscio, head of product and platform development for BlackRock's US wealth advisory division. "BMMAX provides individual investors with a way to diversify across alternative investment managers and strategies in a single portfolio solution."
 
BlackRock is responsible for identifying and retaining sub-advisers for the fund's selected strategies and for monitoring the services provided by the sub-advisers. Mark Everitt, Albert Matriotti, David Matter and Edward Rzeszowski are jointly responsible for setting the overall investment strategy and overseeing the management of the fund.
 
The fund allocates fund assets among alternative strategies managed by BlackRock and external sub-advisers including:
 
   -- Benefit Street Partners -- fundamental long/short 
   -- Independence Capital Asset Partners -- fundamental long/short 
   -- LibreMax Capital -- fundamental long/short 
   -- Loeb King Capital Management -- event driven 
   -- MeehanCombs -- fundamental long/short 
   -- PEAK6 Advisors -- relative value 
   -- QMS Capital Management -- directional trading 







Like this article ? Get the free daily newsletter



print
email
 



 









 





Furtherreading
	

from Hedgeweek  
Global Advisors (Jersey) launches crypto fund
Tue 25/07/2017 - 10:38


Gabelli Merger Plus+ Trust now trading on LSE
Wed 19/07/2017 - 18:14


MegaTrust Investments launches Yangtze Fund IV 
Wed 19/07/2017 - 10:01


Crystal Century Investment launches liquid alternative multi-asset fund
Tue 18/07/2017 - 15:45


Crown Capital Partners announces USD50m upsizing of Crown Capital Fund IV
Fri 14/07/2017 - 17:34



from our other sites 

Turnkey ETF data and software solution from new partnership
Wed 26/07/2017 - 14:47


Private Advisors seventh small company PE fund hits hard cap
Wed 26/07/2017 - 10:20


Nasdaq Stock Market welcomed 14 new ETPs in Q2 2017
Tue 25/07/2017 - 18:41


Lyxor launches infrastructure income ETFs
Tue 25/07/2017 - 13:25


Bouwinvest invests EUR100 million in Hines Pan-European Core Fund
Tue 25/07/2017 - 10:56



 
 







features 


Guides 
 
2017 Guide to setting up an Alternative Investment Fund in Europe
Wed, 2017-06-21 17:28

 

Blogs 
 
Building investment fund structures - from start-up to stardom
Tue, 2017-07-25 12:05

 
 
Before you head to the beach…
Fri, 2017-07-14 09:35

 
 
The CFTC provides more robust protection to whistleblowers
Wed, 2017-07-12 14:22

 

Awards 
 
Hedgeweek Global Awards 2017
Thu, 2017-04-06 14:14

 

Special Reports 
 
Cybersecurity in Europe 2017
Wed, 2017-07-12 12:59

 
 
Mitigating compliance risk for PE managers
Thu, 2017-07-20 10:29

 
 
SEI: Blockchain & building ecosystems in financial services  
Fri, 2017-07-14 10:06

 
 
MiFID II: Meeting the compliance challenge
Sat, 2017-05-13 14:24

 
 
Investment opportunities in infrastructure debt
Thu, 2017-05-18 12:11


 
 
 







 












events

 Total Alts 
 Thursday, September 7, 2017 - 00:00  

 Catalyst Cap Intro: L/S Equity | Event Driven Investing 
 Monday, September 18, 2017 - 12:30  

 Intralinks Insights Briefing: 2017 LP Survey 
 Thursday, September 21, 2017 - 08:00  

 ALTSO’s 6th Annual Rocktoberfest 
 Thursday, October 5, 2017 - 18:00  

 Mining Investment Middle East and Central Asia 2017  
 Monday, October 9, 2017 - 09:00  

All Events



 
 






training

 International Trade Finance – Dubai 
 Sun, 2017-09-10 00:00  

 International Securities Settlements & Custodial Services - Dubai 
 Tue, 2017-09-12 00:00  

 EMIR 
 Fri, 2017-09-15 00:00  

 International Payments 
 Mon, 2017-10-02 00:00  

 Strategic Corporate Governance - Kuwait 
 Tue, 2017-10-10 22:00  

All Courses



 
 






listingsdirectory

 Augentius  
 Thu, 2017-07-06 13:44  

 IKONIC Fund Services Ltd. 
 Tue, 2016-11-29 11:28  

 Backstop Solutions Group 
 Tue, 2016-11-08 17:44  

 The Gemini Companies 
 Mon, 2016-10-17 12:51  

 FundCount LLC 
 Tue, 2016-10-04 10:30  

More Directories



 
 











specialreports

		Stay connected
		











   

   

   

   

   



    More  

 


other gfm  publications



 



News
Special Reports
Guides
Events
Directory
Jobs
Awards 
Copyright © 2017 GFM Ltd. All Rights Reserved













 





BlackRock - Wikipedia





















 






BlackRock

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Blackstone Group. For other uses, see Black Rock (disambiguation).





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (December 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



BlackRock, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as



NYSE: BLK
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry
Investment management


Founded
1988


Headquarters
New York City, New York
U.S.



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Larry Fink
(Chairman and CEO)
Robert Kapito
(President)


Products
Asset management


Revenue
 US$10.95 Billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$3.172 Billion (2016)[1]


AUM
 US$5.7 trillion (2017)[2]


Total assets
 US$220.177 Billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$29.098 Billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

13,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
BlackRock Institutional Trust Company, N.A.
BlackRock Fund Advisors
BlackRock Group Ltd


Website
BlackRock.com


BlackRock, Inc. is an American global investment management corporation based in New York City. Founded in 1988, initially as a risk management and fixed income institutional asset manager, BlackRock is the world's largest asset manager with $5.7 trillion in assets under management as of July 2017.[2] BlackRock operates globally with 70 offices in 30 countries and clients in 100 countries.[3] Due to its power, Blackrock has been called the world's largest shadow bank.[4][5]



Contents


1 History

1.1 1988–1997
1.2 1999–2009
1.3 2010–2017


2 Divisions

2.1 BlackRock Solutions


3 Key people
4 See also
5 Notes
6 Further reading
7 External links



History[edit]
1988–1997[edit]
BlackRock was founded in 1988 by Larry Fink, Robert S. Kapito, Susan Wagner, Barbara Novick, Ben Golub, Hugh Frater, Ralph Schlosstein, and Keith Anderson to provide institutional clients with asset management services from a risk management perspective.[6] Fink, Kapito, Golub and Novick had worked together at First Boston, where Fink and his team were pioneers in the mortgage-backed securities market in the United States.[citation needed] During Fink's tenure, he had lost $100 million as head of First Boston. That experience was the motivation to develop what he and the others considered to be excellent risk management and fiduciary practices. Initially, Fink sought funding (for initial operating capital) from Pete Peterson of The Blackstone Group who believed in Fink's vision of a firm devoted to risk management. Peterson called it Blackstone Financial Management.[citation needed] In exchange for a 50 percent stake in the bond business, initially Blackstone gave Fink and his team a $5 million credit line. Within months, the business had turned profitable, and by 1989 the group's assets had quadrupled to $2.7 billion. The percent of the stake owned by Blackstone also fell to 40%, compared to Fink's staff.
By 1992, Blackstone had a stake equating to about 35% of the company, and Schwarzman and Fink were considering selling shares to the public.[7] The firm adopted the name BlackRock in 1992, and by the end of that year, BlackRock was managing $17 billion in assets. At the end of 1994, BlackRock was managing $53 billion.[8] In 1994, Blackstone Group's Stephen A. Schwarzman and Fink had an internal dispute over methods of compensation[7] and over equity.[citation needed] Fink wanted to share equity with new hires, to lure talent from banks, unlike Schwarzman, who did not want to further lower Blackstone's stake.[7] They agreed to part ways, so the BlackRock partners (Sue Wagner) orchestrated a deal to sell part of the company.[citation needed] In June 1994 Blackstone sold a mortgage-securities unit with $23 billion in assets to PNC Bank Corp. for $240 million. The unit had traded mortgages and other fixed-income assets, and during the sales process the unit changed its name from Blackstone Financial Management to BlackRock Financial Management.[7] Schwarzman remained with Blackstone, while Fink went on to become chairman and CEO of BlackRock Inc.[7] In 1998, PNC’s equity, liquidity, and mutual fund activities were merged into BlackRock.[citation needed]
1999–2009[edit]




BlackRock headquarters in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.


BlackRock went public in 1999 at $14 a share[9] on the New York Stock Exchange.[8] By the end of 1999, BlackRock was managing $165 billion in assets.[8] BlackRock grew both organically and by acquisition. In August 2004, BlackRock made its first major acquisition, buying State Street Research & Management's holding company SSRM Holdings, Inc. from MetLife for $375 million in cash and stock. The acquisition raised BlackRock's assets under management from $314 billion to $325 billion.[10] The deal included the mutual-fund business State Street Research & Management in 2005.[11] BlackRock merged with Merrill Lynch Investment Managers (MLIM) in 2006,[8][12] halving PNC's ownership and giving Merrill Lynch a 49.5% stake in the company.[citation needed] In October 2007, BlackRock acquired the fund-of-funds business of Quellos Capital Management.[13]
The U.S. government contracted with BlackRock to help clean up after the financial meltdown of 2008. According to Vanity Fair, the financial establishment in Washington and on Wall Street believed BlackRock was the best choice for the job.[14] In 2009, BlackRock first became the number 1 asset manager worldwide.[11] In April 2009, BlackRock acquired R3 Capital Management, LLC and took control of the $1.5 billion fund.[15] On 12 June 2009, Barclays sold its Global Investors unit (BGI), which included its exchange traded fund business, iShares, to BlackRock for US$13.5 billion. Through the deal, Barclays attained a near-20% stake in BlackRock.[16] BGI was headquartered in San Francisco, with research and portfolio management teams in London, Sydney, Tokyo, Toronto, and other cities.[citation needed]
2010–2017[edit]
In 2010, Ralph Schlosstein, the CEO of Evercore Partners and a BlackRock founder, called BlackRock "the most influential financial institution in the world."[17] On 1 April 2011, BlackRock replaced Genzyme on the S&P 500 index.[18]
In 2013, Fortune listed BlackRock on its annual list of the world's 50 Most Admired Companies.[11] In 2014, The Economist said that BlackRock's $4 trillion under management made it the "world's biggest asset manager," and it was larger than the world's largest bank, the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China with $3 trillion.[5] In May of the same year, BlackRock invested in Snapdeal.[19]
In December 2014 a BlackRock managing director in London was banned by the British Financial Conduct Authority for "not being a fit and proper" person, because he paid £43,000 to avoid prosecution for dodging train fares. BlackRock said: "Jonathan Burrows left BlackRock earlier this year. What he admitted to the FCA is totally contrary to our values and principles."[20]
At the end of 2014, the Sovereign Wealth Fund Institute reported that 65% of Blackrock's assets under management were made up of institutional investors.[21]
By June 30, 2015, BlackRock had US $4.721 trillion of assets under management.[citation needed] On August 26, 2015, BlackRock entered into a definitive agreement to acquire FutureAdvisor,[22] a digital wealth management provider with reported assets under management of $600 million.[23] Under the deal, FutureAdvisor would operate as a business within BlackRock Solutions (BRS).[22] BlackRock announced in November 2015 that they would wind down the BlackRock Global Ascent hedge fund after losses. The Global Ascent fund had been its only dedicated global macro fund, as BlackRock was "better known for its mutual funds and exchange traded funds." At the time, BlackRock managed $51 billion in hedge funds, with $20 billion of that in funds of hedge funds.[24]
In March 2017, the Financial Times announced that BlackRock, after a six-month review led by Mark Wiseman, had initiated a restructuring of its $8bn actively-managed fund business, resulting in the departure of seven portfolio managers and a $25m charge in Q2, replacing certain funds with quantitative investment strategies.[25] In May 2017, BlackRock increased its stake in both CRH plc and Bank of Ireland.[26] By April 2017, iShares business accounted for $1.41tn, or 26 percent, of BlackRock's total assets under management, and 37 percent of BlackRock’s base fee income.[27] In April 2017, BlackRock backed the inclusion of mainland Chinese shares in MSCI’s global indice for the first time.[28]
Divisions[edit]
BlackRock Solutions[edit]
In 2000, BlackRock launched BlackRock Solutions, the risk management division of BlackRock, Inc. The division grew from the Aladdin System (which is the enterprise investment system), Green Package (which is the Risk Reporting Service) PAG (portfolio analytics) and AnSer (which is the interactive analytics). BlackRock Solutions (BRS) serves two roles within BlackRock. First, BlackRock Solutions is the in-house investment analytics and “process engineering” department for BlackRock which works with their portfolio management teams, risk and quantitative analysis, business operations and every other part of the firm that touches the investment process. Second, BlackRock Solutions (BRS) and the three primary divisions (which include risk management investment platform solutions, FMA, and client solutions) are services that offered to institutional clients. As of 2013, the platform had nearly 2,000 employees.[29]
BlackRock differentiates itself from other asset managers by claiming its risk management is not separate. Risk management is the foundation and cornerstone of the firm's entire platform.[29] Aladdin keeps track of 30,000 investment portfolios, including BlackRock's own along with those of competitors, banks, pension funds, and insurers. According to The Economist, the platform monitors almost 7 percent of the world’s $225 trillion of financial assets.[29]
BlackRock Solutions was retained by the U. S. Treasury Department in May 2009[17] to manage the toxic mortgage assets (i.e. to analyze, unwind, and price) that were owned by Bear Stearns, AIG, Inc., Freddie Mac, Morgan Stanley, and other financial firms that were affected in the 2008 financial crisis.[citation needed]
Key people[edit]

Laurence D. Fink – Founder, Chairman & CEO
Robert S. Kapito – Founder & Co-President
Susan Wagner – Founder, member of the Board of Directors
Simon Chirayath – Vice Chairman
Barbara Novick – Founder, Vice Chairman
Philipp Hildebrand – Vice Chairman
Robert Goldstein – Senior Managing Director, Chief Operating Officer
Gary Shedlin – Senior Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer
Bennett W. Golub – Founder, Senior Managing Director, Chief Risk Officer

See also[edit]


New York portal



List of S&P 500 companies
Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange (B)
List of asset management firms
List of CDO managers
List of companies based in New York City
List of hedge funds
List of mutual-fund families in the United States
Charles Hallac

Notes[edit]


^ a b c d e BlackRock Financials, Yahoo, 2016, retrieved May 8, 2017 
^ a b "Forbes - About Us". July 18, 2017. Retrieved July 26, 2017. 
^ BlackRock's Current Share Price Doesn't Capture Its Long-Term Growth Prospects - Contacts and Office Locations, Forbes, retrieved July 26, 2017 
^ "Die grösste Schattenbank der Welt". Basler Zeitung. November 20, 2012. Retrieved May 8, 2017. 
^ a b "Shadow and substance". The Economist. May 10, 2014. Retrieved May 8, 2017. 
^ "BlackRock". Fund Strategy. Retrieved 22 December 2015. 
^ a b c d e "Schwarzman Says Selling BlackRock Was ‘Heroic’ Mistake". Bloomberg.com. September 30, 2013. Retrieved 17 November 2016. 
^ a b c d History, BlackRock, retrieved May 9, 2017 
^ "Corporate History". Archived from the original on May 17, 2012. Retrieved 2014-03-22. 
^ Eric Hazard (February 8, 2006). "BlackRock Acquiring State Street Research from MetLife". plansponsor.com. 
^ a b c "BlackRock: The $4.3 trillion force". Fortune. July 7, 2014. Retrieved May 9, 2017. 
^ "BlackRock and a hard place". The Economist. February 16, 2006. Retrieved May 9, 2017. 
^ "BlackRock to Acquire Fund of Funds Business from Quellos Group, LLC" (PDF). 2007-06-26.  BlackRock, Inc.
^ Andrews, Suzanna. Larry Fink’s $12 Trillion Shadow, Vanity Fair, April 2010: "There is little doubt among the financial establishment in Washington and on Wall Street that BlackRock was the best choice to handle the government’s problems."
^ "BlackRock to Acquire R3 Capital". The New York Times. April 17, 2009. Retrieved May 9, 2017. 
^ "US giant BlackRock buys arm of Barclays bank | The Guardian.". The Guardian. UK. Press Association. 12 June 2009. Retrieved 21 February 2010. 
^ a b Kolhatkar, Sheelah (December 9, 2010). "Fink Builds BlackRock Powerhouse Without Goldman Sachs Backlash". Bloomberg. Retrieved April 20, 2013. 
^ "BlackRock to join S&P 500 index, replacing Genzyme". Bloomberg Businessweek. 2011-03-29. Archived from the original on 2012-10-26.  Retrieved January 23, 2012.
^ "Snapdeal raises $100M in fresh funding from BlackRock, Temasek, PremjiInvest, others". VC Circle. 
^ "FCA Life Ban For Fare-Dodging Jonathan Burrows". Sky News. 15 December 2014. Retrieved 15 December 2014. 
^ "Is BlackRock Too Big". Sovereign Wealth Fund Institute. n.d. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ a b "BlackRock to Acquire FutureAdvisor". BlackRock Press Releases. BlackRock. Retrieved 26 August 2015. 
^ Tepper, Fitz (24 June 2015). "YC Alum FutureAdvisor Is Now Managing $600 Million In Assets". TechCrunch. Retrieved 12 September 2015. 
^ Stevenson, Alexandra (2015-11-18). "BlackRock to Wind Down Macro Hedge Fund". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-11-19. 
^ "BlackRock cuts ranks of stockpicking fund managers". Financial Times. 27 March 2017. Retrieved 30 March 2017. 
^ Hamilton, Peter (May 8, 2017). "BlackRock increases stakes in CRH and Bank of Ireland". Irish Times. Retrieved May 8, 2017. 
^ Foley, Stephen (April 19, 2017). "BlackRock assets under management hit $5.4tn on record ETF inflows". Financial Times. Retrieved May 10, 2017. 
^ Hughes, Jennifer (April 20, 2017). "BlackRock backs mainland China shares for MSCI benchmarks". Financial Times. Retrieved May 10, 2017. 
^ a b c Briefing: BlackRock - The Monolith And The Markets, The Economist, December 7, 2013, pp. 24-26.


Further reading[edit]

Brooker, Katrina (October 29, 2008). "Can this man save Wall Street?". Fortune. 
Foley, Stephen (April 2, 2017). "BlackRock’s active funds navigate rough seas". Financial Times. 

External links[edit]

Official BlackRock website



Business data for BlackRock: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings



BlackRock Global Cash Management website







v
t
e


PNC Financial Services Group






Founded in 1852
Based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania





Subsidiaries



PNC Bank
Harris Williams & Co.
BlackRock (Co-owned with Bank of America and Barclays)





Services



Virtual Wallet
Christmas Price Index





Predecessor banks



Alabama National
Pittsburgh National Bank
Integra Bank (via National City)
Riggs Bank
National City Corp. (details)
BankAtlantic (Central Florida locations)
RBC Bank





Naming rights



Tower at PNC Plaza
One PNC Plaza
One Tampa City Center
Two PNC Plaza
Three PNC Plaza
PNC Bank Building (Philadelphia)
PNC Bank Building (Toledo)
PNC Plaza
PNC Plaza (Raleigh)
PNC Tower
PNC Center (Cincinnati)
PNC Center (Cleveland)
PNC Center (Fort Lauderdale)
PNC Center (Akron)
PNC Park
PNC Field
PNC Bank Arts Center
PNC Arena





Related articles



National Banking Act
Troubled Asset Relief Program










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=BlackRock&oldid=792456715"					
Categories: BlackRock1988 establishments in New YorkCompanies based in ManhattanCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFinancial services companies based in New York CityFinancial services companies established in 1988Investment management companies of the United StatesMultinational companies based in New York CityMutual fund familiesPublicly traded companies based in New York CityHidden categories: Articles needing additional references from December 2015All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AlemannischDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoLietuviųNederlands日本語PortuguêsРусскийSvenskaTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 16:50.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









BlackRock - Wikipedia





















 






BlackRock

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Blackstone Group. For other uses, see Black Rock (disambiguation).





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (December 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



BlackRock, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as



NYSE: BLK
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry
Investment management


Founded
1988


Headquarters
New York City, New York
U.S.



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Larry Fink
(Chairman and CEO)
Robert Kapito
(President)


Products
Asset management


Revenue
 US$10.95 Billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$3.172 Billion (2016)[1]


AUM
 US$5.7 trillion (2017)[2]


Total assets
 US$220.177 Billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$29.098 Billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

13,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
BlackRock Institutional Trust Company, N.A.
BlackRock Fund Advisors
BlackRock Group Ltd


Website
BlackRock.com


BlackRock, Inc. is an American global investment management corporation based in New York City. Founded in 1988, initially as a risk management and fixed income institutional asset manager, BlackRock is the world's largest asset manager with $5.7 trillion in assets under management as of July 2017.[2] BlackRock operates globally with 70 offices in 30 countries and clients in 100 countries.[3] Due to its power, Blackrock has been called the world's largest shadow bank.[4][5]



Contents


1 History

1.1 1988–1997
1.2 1999–2009
1.3 2010–2017


2 Divisions

2.1 BlackRock Solutions


3 Key people
4 See also
5 Notes
6 Further reading
7 External links



History[edit]
1988–1997[edit]
BlackRock was founded in 1988 by Larry Fink, Robert S. Kapito, Susan Wagner, Barbara Novick, Ben Golub, Hugh Frater, Ralph Schlosstein, and Keith Anderson to provide institutional clients with asset management services from a risk management perspective.[6] Fink, Kapito, Golub and Novick had worked together at First Boston, where Fink and his team were pioneers in the mortgage-backed securities market in the United States.[citation needed] During Fink's tenure, he had lost $100 million as head of First Boston. That experience was the motivation to develop what he and the others considered to be excellent risk management and fiduciary practices. Initially, Fink sought funding (for initial operating capital) from Pete Peterson of The Blackstone Group who believed in Fink's vision of a firm devoted to risk management. Peterson called it Blackstone Financial Management.[citation needed] In exchange for a 50 percent stake in the bond business, initially Blackstone gave Fink and his team a $5 million credit line. Within months, the business had turned profitable, and by 1989 the group's assets had quadrupled to $2.7 billion. The percent of the stake owned by Blackstone also fell to 40%, compared to Fink's staff.
By 1992, Blackstone had a stake equating to about 35% of the company, and Schwarzman and Fink were considering selling shares to the public.[7] The firm adopted the name BlackRock in 1992, and by the end of that year, BlackRock was managing $17 billion in assets. At the end of 1994, BlackRock was managing $53 billion.[8] In 1994, Blackstone Group's Stephen A. Schwarzman and Fink had an internal dispute over methods of compensation[7] and over equity.[citation needed] Fink wanted to share equity with new hires, to lure talent from banks, unlike Schwarzman, who did not want to further lower Blackstone's stake.[7] They agreed to part ways, so the BlackRock partners (Sue Wagner) orchestrated a deal to sell part of the company.[citation needed] In June 1994 Blackstone sold a mortgage-securities unit with $23 billion in assets to PNC Bank Corp. for $240 million. The unit had traded mortgages and other fixed-income assets, and during the sales process the unit changed its name from Blackstone Financial Management to BlackRock Financial Management.[7] Schwarzman remained with Blackstone, while Fink went on to become chairman and CEO of BlackRock Inc.[7] In 1998, PNC’s equity, liquidity, and mutual fund activities were merged into BlackRock.[citation needed]
1999–2009[edit]




BlackRock headquarters in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.


BlackRock went public in 1999 at $14 a share[9] on the New York Stock Exchange.[8] By the end of 1999, BlackRock was managing $165 billion in assets.[8] BlackRock grew both organically and by acquisition. In August 2004, BlackRock made its first major acquisition, buying State Street Research & Management's holding company SSRM Holdings, Inc. from MetLife for $375 million in cash and stock. The acquisition raised BlackRock's assets under management from $314 billion to $325 billion.[10] The deal included the mutual-fund business State Street Research & Management in 2005.[11] BlackRock merged with Merrill Lynch Investment Managers (MLIM) in 2006,[8][12] halving PNC's ownership and giving Merrill Lynch a 49.5% stake in the company.[citation needed] In October 2007, BlackRock acquired the fund-of-funds business of Quellos Capital Management.[13]
The U.S. government contracted with BlackRock to help clean up after the financial meltdown of 2008. According to Vanity Fair, the financial establishment in Washington and on Wall Street believed BlackRock was the best choice for the job.[14] In 2009, BlackRock first became the number 1 asset manager worldwide.[11] In April 2009, BlackRock acquired R3 Capital Management, LLC and took control of the $1.5 billion fund.[15] On 12 June 2009, Barclays sold its Global Investors unit (BGI), which included its exchange traded fund business, iShares, to BlackRock for US$13.5 billion. Through the deal, Barclays attained a near-20% stake in BlackRock.[16] BGI was headquartered in San Francisco, with research and portfolio management teams in London, Sydney, Tokyo, Toronto, and other cities.[citation needed]
2010–2017[edit]
In 2010, Ralph Schlosstein, the CEO of Evercore Partners and a BlackRock founder, called BlackRock "the most influential financial institution in the world."[17] On 1 April 2011, BlackRock replaced Genzyme on the S&P 500 index.[18]
In 2013, Fortune listed BlackRock on its annual list of the world's 50 Most Admired Companies.[11] In 2014, The Economist said that BlackRock's $4 trillion under management made it the "world's biggest asset manager," and it was larger than the world's largest bank, the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China with $3 trillion.[5] In May of the same year, BlackRock invested in Snapdeal.[19]
In December 2014 a BlackRock managing director in London was banned by the British Financial Conduct Authority for "not being a fit and proper" person, because he paid £43,000 to avoid prosecution for dodging train fares. BlackRock said: "Jonathan Burrows left BlackRock earlier this year. What he admitted to the FCA is totally contrary to our values and principles."[20]
At the end of 2014, the Sovereign Wealth Fund Institute reported that 65% of Blackrock's assets under management were made up of institutional investors.[21]
By June 30, 2015, BlackRock had US $4.721 trillion of assets under management.[citation needed] On August 26, 2015, BlackRock entered into a definitive agreement to acquire FutureAdvisor,[22] a digital wealth management provider with reported assets under management of $600 million.[23] Under the deal, FutureAdvisor would operate as a business within BlackRock Solutions (BRS).[22] BlackRock announced in November 2015 that they would wind down the BlackRock Global Ascent hedge fund after losses. The Global Ascent fund had been its only dedicated global macro fund, as BlackRock was "better known for its mutual funds and exchange traded funds." At the time, BlackRock managed $51 billion in hedge funds, with $20 billion of that in funds of hedge funds.[24]
In March 2017, the Financial Times announced that BlackRock, after a six-month review led by Mark Wiseman, had initiated a restructuring of its $8bn actively-managed fund business, resulting in the departure of seven portfolio managers and a $25m charge in Q2, replacing certain funds with quantitative investment strategies.[25] In May 2017, BlackRock increased its stake in both CRH plc and Bank of Ireland.[26] By April 2017, iShares business accounted for $1.41tn, or 26 percent, of BlackRock's total assets under management, and 37 percent of BlackRock’s base fee income.[27] In April 2017, BlackRock backed the inclusion of mainland Chinese shares in MSCI’s global indice for the first time.[28]
Divisions[edit]
BlackRock Solutions[edit]
In 2000, BlackRock launched BlackRock Solutions, the risk management division of BlackRock, Inc. The division grew from the Aladdin System (which is the enterprise investment system), Green Package (which is the Risk Reporting Service) PAG (portfolio analytics) and AnSer (which is the interactive analytics). BlackRock Solutions (BRS) serves two roles within BlackRock. First, BlackRock Solutions is the in-house investment analytics and “process engineering” department for BlackRock which works with their portfolio management teams, risk and quantitative analysis, business operations and every other part of the firm that touches the investment process. Second, BlackRock Solutions (BRS) and the three primary divisions (which include risk management investment platform solutions, FMA, and client solutions) are services that offered to institutional clients. As of 2013, the platform had nearly 2,000 employees.[29]
BlackRock differentiates itself from other asset managers by claiming its risk management is not separate. Risk management is the foundation and cornerstone of the firm's entire platform.[29] Aladdin keeps track of 30,000 investment portfolios, including BlackRock's own along with those of competitors, banks, pension funds, and insurers. According to The Economist, the platform monitors almost 7 percent of the world’s $225 trillion of financial assets.[29]
BlackRock Solutions was retained by the U. S. Treasury Department in May 2009[17] to manage the toxic mortgage assets (i.e. to analyze, unwind, and price) that were owned by Bear Stearns, AIG, Inc., Freddie Mac, Morgan Stanley, and other financial firms that were affected in the 2008 financial crisis.[citation needed]
Key people[edit]

Laurence D. Fink – Founder, Chairman & CEO
Robert S. Kapito – Founder & Co-President
Susan Wagner – Founder, member of the Board of Directors
Simon Chirayath – Vice Chairman
Barbara Novick – Founder, Vice Chairman
Philipp Hildebrand – Vice Chairman
Robert Goldstein – Senior Managing Director, Chief Operating Officer
Gary Shedlin – Senior Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer
Bennett W. Golub – Founder, Senior Managing Director, Chief Risk Officer

See also[edit]


New York portal



List of S&P 500 companies
Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange (B)
List of asset management firms
List of CDO managers
List of companies based in New York City
List of hedge funds
List of mutual-fund families in the United States
Charles Hallac

Notes[edit]


^ a b c d e BlackRock Financials, Yahoo, 2016, retrieved May 8, 2017 
^ a b "Forbes - About Us". July 18, 2017. Retrieved July 26, 2017. 
^ BlackRock's Current Share Price Doesn't Capture Its Long-Term Growth Prospects - Contacts and Office Locations, Forbes, retrieved July 26, 2017 
^ "Die grösste Schattenbank der Welt". Basler Zeitung. November 20, 2012. Retrieved May 8, 2017. 
^ a b "Shadow and substance". The Economist. May 10, 2014. Retrieved May 8, 2017. 
^ "BlackRock". Fund Strategy. Retrieved 22 December 2015. 
^ a b c d e "Schwarzman Says Selling BlackRock Was ‘Heroic’ Mistake". Bloomberg.com. September 30, 2013. Retrieved 17 November 2016. 
^ a b c d History, BlackRock, retrieved May 9, 2017 
^ "Corporate History". Archived from the original on May 17, 2012. Retrieved 2014-03-22. 
^ Eric Hazard (February 8, 2006). "BlackRock Acquiring State Street Research from MetLife". plansponsor.com. 
^ a b c "BlackRock: The $4.3 trillion force". Fortune. July 7, 2014. Retrieved May 9, 2017. 
^ "BlackRock and a hard place". The Economist. February 16, 2006. Retrieved May 9, 2017. 
^ "BlackRock to Acquire Fund of Funds Business from Quellos Group, LLC" (PDF). 2007-06-26.  BlackRock, Inc.
^ Andrews, Suzanna. Larry Fink’s $12 Trillion Shadow, Vanity Fair, April 2010: "There is little doubt among the financial establishment in Washington and on Wall Street that BlackRock was the best choice to handle the government’s problems."
^ "BlackRock to Acquire R3 Capital". The New York Times. April 17, 2009. Retrieved May 9, 2017. 
^ "US giant BlackRock buys arm of Barclays bank | The Guardian.". The Guardian. UK. Press Association. 12 June 2009. Retrieved 21 February 2010. 
^ a b Kolhatkar, Sheelah (December 9, 2010). "Fink Builds BlackRock Powerhouse Without Goldman Sachs Backlash". Bloomberg. Retrieved April 20, 2013. 
^ "BlackRock to join S&P 500 index, replacing Genzyme". Bloomberg Businessweek. 2011-03-29. Archived from the original on 2012-10-26.  Retrieved January 23, 2012.
^ "Snapdeal raises $100M in fresh funding from BlackRock, Temasek, PremjiInvest, others". VC Circle. 
^ "FCA Life Ban For Fare-Dodging Jonathan Burrows". Sky News. 15 December 2014. Retrieved 15 December 2014. 
^ "Is BlackRock Too Big". Sovereign Wealth Fund Institute. n.d. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ a b "BlackRock to Acquire FutureAdvisor". BlackRock Press Releases. BlackRock. Retrieved 26 August 2015. 
^ Tepper, Fitz (24 June 2015). "YC Alum FutureAdvisor Is Now Managing $600 Million In Assets". TechCrunch. Retrieved 12 September 2015. 
^ Stevenson, Alexandra (2015-11-18). "BlackRock to Wind Down Macro Hedge Fund". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-11-19. 
^ "BlackRock cuts ranks of stockpicking fund managers". Financial Times. 27 March 2017. Retrieved 30 March 2017. 
^ Hamilton, Peter (May 8, 2017). "BlackRock increases stakes in CRH and Bank of Ireland". Irish Times. Retrieved May 8, 2017. 
^ Foley, Stephen (April 19, 2017). "BlackRock assets under management hit $5.4tn on record ETF inflows". Financial Times. Retrieved May 10, 2017. 
^ Hughes, Jennifer (April 20, 2017). "BlackRock backs mainland China shares for MSCI benchmarks". Financial Times. Retrieved May 10, 2017. 
^ a b c Briefing: BlackRock - The Monolith And The Markets, The Economist, December 7, 2013, pp. 24-26.


Further reading[edit]

Brooker, Katrina (October 29, 2008). "Can this man save Wall Street?". Fortune. 
Foley, Stephen (April 2, 2017). "BlackRock’s active funds navigate rough seas". Financial Times. 

External links[edit]

Official BlackRock website



Business data for BlackRock: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings



BlackRock Global Cash Management website







v
t
e


PNC Financial Services Group






Founded in 1852
Based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania





Subsidiaries



PNC Bank
Harris Williams & Co.
BlackRock (Co-owned with Bank of America and Barclays)





Services



Virtual Wallet
Christmas Price Index





Predecessor banks



Alabama National
Pittsburgh National Bank
Integra Bank (via National City)
Riggs Bank
National City Corp. (details)
BankAtlantic (Central Florida locations)
RBC Bank





Naming rights



Tower at PNC Plaza
One PNC Plaza
One Tampa City Center
Two PNC Plaza
Three PNC Plaza
PNC Bank Building (Philadelphia)
PNC Bank Building (Toledo)
PNC Plaza
PNC Plaza (Raleigh)
PNC Tower
PNC Center (Cincinnati)
PNC Center (Cleveland)
PNC Center (Fort Lauderdale)
PNC Center (Akron)
PNC Park
PNC Field
PNC Bank Arts Center
PNC Arena





Related articles



National Banking Act
Troubled Asset Relief Program










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=BlackRock&oldid=792456715"					
Categories: BlackRock1988 establishments in New YorkCompanies based in ManhattanCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFinancial services companies based in New York CityFinancial services companies established in 1988Investment management companies of the United StatesMultinational companies based in New York CityMutual fund familiesPublicly traded companies based in New York CityHidden categories: Articles needing additional references from December 2015All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AlemannischDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoLietuviųNederlands日本語PortuguêsРусскийSvenskaTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 16:50.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









BlackRock - Wikipedia





















 






BlackRock

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Blackstone Group. For other uses, see Black Rock (disambiguation).





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (December 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



BlackRock, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as



NYSE: BLK
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry
Investment management


Founded
1988


Headquarters
New York City, New York
U.S.



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Larry Fink
(Chairman and CEO)
Robert Kapito
(President)


Products
Asset management


Revenue
 US$10.95 Billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$3.172 Billion (2016)[1]


AUM
 US$5.7 trillion (2017)[2]


Total assets
 US$220.177 Billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$29.098 Billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

13,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
BlackRock Institutional Trust Company, N.A.
BlackRock Fund Advisors
BlackRock Group Ltd


Website
BlackRock.com


BlackRock, Inc. is an American global investment management corporation based in New York City. Founded in 1988, initially as a risk management and fixed income institutional asset manager, BlackRock is the world's largest asset manager with $5.7 trillion in assets under management as of July 2017.[2] BlackRock operates globally with 70 offices in 30 countries and clients in 100 countries.[3] Due to its power, Blackrock has been called the world's largest shadow bank.[4][5]



Contents


1 History

1.1 1988–1997
1.2 1999–2009
1.3 2010–2017


2 Divisions

2.1 BlackRock Solutions


3 Key people
4 See also
5 Notes
6 Further reading
7 External links



History[edit]
1988–1997[edit]
BlackRock was founded in 1988 by Larry Fink, Robert S. Kapito, Susan Wagner, Barbara Novick, Ben Golub, Hugh Frater, Ralph Schlosstein, and Keith Anderson to provide institutional clients with asset management services from a risk management perspective.[6] Fink, Kapito, Golub and Novick had worked together at First Boston, where Fink and his team were pioneers in the mortgage-backed securities market in the United States.[citation needed] During Fink's tenure, he had lost $100 million as head of First Boston. That experience was the motivation to develop what he and the others considered to be excellent risk management and fiduciary practices. Initially, Fink sought funding (for initial operating capital) from Pete Peterson of The Blackstone Group who believed in Fink's vision of a firm devoted to risk management. Peterson called it Blackstone Financial Management.[citation needed] In exchange for a 50 percent stake in the bond business, initially Blackstone gave Fink and his team a $5 million credit line. Within months, the business had turned profitable, and by 1989 the group's assets had quadrupled to $2.7 billion. The percent of the stake owned by Blackstone also fell to 40%, compared to Fink's staff.
By 1992, Blackstone had a stake equating to about 35% of the company, and Schwarzman and Fink were considering selling shares to the public.[7] The firm adopted the name BlackRock in 1992, and by the end of that year, BlackRock was managing $17 billion in assets. At the end of 1994, BlackRock was managing $53 billion.[8] In 1994, Blackstone Group's Stephen A. Schwarzman and Fink had an internal dispute over methods of compensation[7] and over equity.[citation needed] Fink wanted to share equity with new hires, to lure talent from banks, unlike Schwarzman, who did not want to further lower Blackstone's stake.[7] They agreed to part ways, so the BlackRock partners (Sue Wagner) orchestrated a deal to sell part of the company.[citation needed] In June 1994 Blackstone sold a mortgage-securities unit with $23 billion in assets to PNC Bank Corp. for $240 million. The unit had traded mortgages and other fixed-income assets, and during the sales process the unit changed its name from Blackstone Financial Management to BlackRock Financial Management.[7] Schwarzman remained with Blackstone, while Fink went on to become chairman and CEO of BlackRock Inc.[7] In 1998, PNC’s equity, liquidity, and mutual fund activities were merged into BlackRock.[citation needed]
1999–2009[edit]




BlackRock headquarters in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.


BlackRock went public in 1999 at $14 a share[9] on the New York Stock Exchange.[8] By the end of 1999, BlackRock was managing $165 billion in assets.[8] BlackRock grew both organically and by acquisition. In August 2004, BlackRock made its first major acquisition, buying State Street Research & Management's holding company SSRM Holdings, Inc. from MetLife for $375 million in cash and stock. The acquisition raised BlackRock's assets under management from $314 billion to $325 billion.[10] The deal included the mutual-fund business State Street Research & Management in 2005.[11] BlackRock merged with Merrill Lynch Investment Managers (MLIM) in 2006,[8][12] halving PNC's ownership and giving Merrill Lynch a 49.5% stake in the company.[citation needed] In October 2007, BlackRock acquired the fund-of-funds business of Quellos Capital Management.[13]
The U.S. government contracted with BlackRock to help clean up after the financial meltdown of 2008. According to Vanity Fair, the financial establishment in Washington and on Wall Street believed BlackRock was the best choice for the job.[14] In 2009, BlackRock first became the number 1 asset manager worldwide.[11] In April 2009, BlackRock acquired R3 Capital Management, LLC and took control of the $1.5 billion fund.[15] On 12 June 2009, Barclays sold its Global Investors unit (BGI), which included its exchange traded fund business, iShares, to BlackRock for US$13.5 billion. Through the deal, Barclays attained a near-20% stake in BlackRock.[16] BGI was headquartered in San Francisco, with research and portfolio management teams in London, Sydney, Tokyo, Toronto, and other cities.[citation needed]
2010–2017[edit]
In 2010, Ralph Schlosstein, the CEO of Evercore Partners and a BlackRock founder, called BlackRock "the most influential financial institution in the world."[17] On 1 April 2011, BlackRock replaced Genzyme on the S&P 500 index.[18]
In 2013, Fortune listed BlackRock on its annual list of the world's 50 Most Admired Companies.[11] In 2014, The Economist said that BlackRock's $4 trillion under management made it the "world's biggest asset manager," and it was larger than the world's largest bank, the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China with $3 trillion.[5] In May of the same year, BlackRock invested in Snapdeal.[19]
In December 2014 a BlackRock managing director in London was banned by the British Financial Conduct Authority for "not being a fit and proper" person, because he paid £43,000 to avoid prosecution for dodging train fares. BlackRock said: "Jonathan Burrows left BlackRock earlier this year. What he admitted to the FCA is totally contrary to our values and principles."[20]
At the end of 2014, the Sovereign Wealth Fund Institute reported that 65% of Blackrock's assets under management were made up of institutional investors.[21]
By June 30, 2015, BlackRock had US $4.721 trillion of assets under management.[citation needed] On August 26, 2015, BlackRock entered into a definitive agreement to acquire FutureAdvisor,[22] a digital wealth management provider with reported assets under management of $600 million.[23] Under the deal, FutureAdvisor would operate as a business within BlackRock Solutions (BRS).[22] BlackRock announced in November 2015 that they would wind down the BlackRock Global Ascent hedge fund after losses. The Global Ascent fund had been its only dedicated global macro fund, as BlackRock was "better known for its mutual funds and exchange traded funds." At the time, BlackRock managed $51 billion in hedge funds, with $20 billion of that in funds of hedge funds.[24]
In March 2017, the Financial Times announced that BlackRock, after a six-month review led by Mark Wiseman, had initiated a restructuring of its $8bn actively-managed fund business, resulting in the departure of seven portfolio managers and a $25m charge in Q2, replacing certain funds with quantitative investment strategies.[25] In May 2017, BlackRock increased its stake in both CRH plc and Bank of Ireland.[26] By April 2017, iShares business accounted for $1.41tn, or 26 percent, of BlackRock's total assets under management, and 37 percent of BlackRock’s base fee income.[27] In April 2017, BlackRock backed the inclusion of mainland Chinese shares in MSCI’s global indice for the first time.[28]
Divisions[edit]
BlackRock Solutions[edit]
In 2000, BlackRock launched BlackRock Solutions, the risk management division of BlackRock, Inc. The division grew from the Aladdin System (which is the enterprise investment system), Green Package (which is the Risk Reporting Service) PAG (portfolio analytics) and AnSer (which is the interactive analytics). BlackRock Solutions (BRS) serves two roles within BlackRock. First, BlackRock Solutions is the in-house investment analytics and “process engineering” department for BlackRock which works with their portfolio management teams, risk and quantitative analysis, business operations and every other part of the firm that touches the investment process. Second, BlackRock Solutions (BRS) and the three primary divisions (which include risk management investment platform solutions, FMA, and client solutions) are services that offered to institutional clients. As of 2013, the platform had nearly 2,000 employees.[29]
BlackRock differentiates itself from other asset managers by claiming its risk management is not separate. Risk management is the foundation and cornerstone of the firm's entire platform.[29] Aladdin keeps track of 30,000 investment portfolios, including BlackRock's own along with those of competitors, banks, pension funds, and insurers. According to The Economist, the platform monitors almost 7 percent of the world’s $225 trillion of financial assets.[29]
BlackRock Solutions was retained by the U. S. Treasury Department in May 2009[17] to manage the toxic mortgage assets (i.e. to analyze, unwind, and price) that were owned by Bear Stearns, AIG, Inc., Freddie Mac, Morgan Stanley, and other financial firms that were affected in the 2008 financial crisis.[citation needed]
Key people[edit]

Laurence D. Fink – Founder, Chairman & CEO
Robert S. Kapito – Founder & Co-President
Susan Wagner – Founder, member of the Board of Directors
Simon Chirayath – Vice Chairman
Barbara Novick – Founder, Vice Chairman
Philipp Hildebrand – Vice Chairman
Robert Goldstein – Senior Managing Director, Chief Operating Officer
Gary Shedlin – Senior Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer
Bennett W. Golub – Founder, Senior Managing Director, Chief Risk Officer

See also[edit]


New York portal



List of S&P 500 companies
Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange (B)
List of asset management firms
List of CDO managers
List of companies based in New York City
List of hedge funds
List of mutual-fund families in the United States
Charles Hallac

Notes[edit]


^ a b c d e BlackRock Financials, Yahoo, 2016, retrieved May 8, 2017 
^ a b "Forbes - About Us". July 18, 2017. Retrieved July 26, 2017. 
^ BlackRock's Current Share Price Doesn't Capture Its Long-Term Growth Prospects - Contacts and Office Locations, Forbes, retrieved July 26, 2017 
^ "Die grösste Schattenbank der Welt". Basler Zeitung. November 20, 2012. Retrieved May 8, 2017. 
^ a b "Shadow and substance". The Economist. May 10, 2014. Retrieved May 8, 2017. 
^ "BlackRock". Fund Strategy. Retrieved 22 December 2015. 
^ a b c d e "Schwarzman Says Selling BlackRock Was ‘Heroic’ Mistake". Bloomberg.com. September 30, 2013. Retrieved 17 November 2016. 
^ a b c d History, BlackRock, retrieved May 9, 2017 
^ "Corporate History". Archived from the original on May 17, 2012. Retrieved 2014-03-22. 
^ Eric Hazard (February 8, 2006). "BlackRock Acquiring State Street Research from MetLife". plansponsor.com. 
^ a b c "BlackRock: The $4.3 trillion force". Fortune. July 7, 2014. Retrieved May 9, 2017. 
^ "BlackRock and a hard place". The Economist. February 16, 2006. Retrieved May 9, 2017. 
^ "BlackRock to Acquire Fund of Funds Business from Quellos Group, LLC" (PDF). 2007-06-26.  BlackRock, Inc.
^ Andrews, Suzanna. Larry Fink’s $12 Trillion Shadow, Vanity Fair, April 2010: "There is little doubt among the financial establishment in Washington and on Wall Street that BlackRock was the best choice to handle the government’s problems."
^ "BlackRock to Acquire R3 Capital". The New York Times. April 17, 2009. Retrieved May 9, 2017. 
^ "US giant BlackRock buys arm of Barclays bank | The Guardian.". The Guardian. UK. Press Association. 12 June 2009. Retrieved 21 February 2010. 
^ a b Kolhatkar, Sheelah (December 9, 2010). "Fink Builds BlackRock Powerhouse Without Goldman Sachs Backlash". Bloomberg. Retrieved April 20, 2013. 
^ "BlackRock to join S&P 500 index, replacing Genzyme". Bloomberg Businessweek. 2011-03-29. Archived from the original on 2012-10-26.  Retrieved January 23, 2012.
^ "Snapdeal raises $100M in fresh funding from BlackRock, Temasek, PremjiInvest, others". VC Circle. 
^ "FCA Life Ban For Fare-Dodging Jonathan Burrows". Sky News. 15 December 2014. Retrieved 15 December 2014. 
^ "Is BlackRock Too Big". Sovereign Wealth Fund Institute. n.d. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ a b "BlackRock to Acquire FutureAdvisor". BlackRock Press Releases. BlackRock. Retrieved 26 August 2015. 
^ Tepper, Fitz (24 June 2015). "YC Alum FutureAdvisor Is Now Managing $600 Million In Assets". TechCrunch. Retrieved 12 September 2015. 
^ Stevenson, Alexandra (2015-11-18). "BlackRock to Wind Down Macro Hedge Fund". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-11-19. 
^ "BlackRock cuts ranks of stockpicking fund managers". Financial Times. 27 March 2017. Retrieved 30 March 2017. 
^ Hamilton, Peter (May 8, 2017). "BlackRock increases stakes in CRH and Bank of Ireland". Irish Times. Retrieved May 8, 2017. 
^ Foley, Stephen (April 19, 2017). "BlackRock assets under management hit $5.4tn on record ETF inflows". Financial Times. Retrieved May 10, 2017. 
^ Hughes, Jennifer (April 20, 2017). "BlackRock backs mainland China shares for MSCI benchmarks". Financial Times. Retrieved May 10, 2017. 
^ a b c Briefing: BlackRock - The Monolith And The Markets, The Economist, December 7, 2013, pp. 24-26.


Further reading[edit]

Brooker, Katrina (October 29, 2008). "Can this man save Wall Street?". Fortune. 
Foley, Stephen (April 2, 2017). "BlackRock’s active funds navigate rough seas". Financial Times. 

External links[edit]

Official BlackRock website



Business data for BlackRock: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings



BlackRock Global Cash Management website







v
t
e


PNC Financial Services Group






Founded in 1852
Based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania





Subsidiaries



PNC Bank
Harris Williams & Co.
BlackRock (Co-owned with Bank of America and Barclays)





Services



Virtual Wallet
Christmas Price Index





Predecessor banks



Alabama National
Pittsburgh National Bank
Integra Bank (via National City)
Riggs Bank
National City Corp. (details)
BankAtlantic (Central Florida locations)
RBC Bank





Naming rights



Tower at PNC Plaza
One PNC Plaza
One Tampa City Center
Two PNC Plaza
Three PNC Plaza
PNC Bank Building (Philadelphia)
PNC Bank Building (Toledo)
PNC Plaza
PNC Plaza (Raleigh)
PNC Tower
PNC Center (Cincinnati)
PNC Center (Cleveland)
PNC Center (Fort Lauderdale)
PNC Center (Akron)
PNC Park
PNC Field
PNC Bank Arts Center
PNC Arena





Related articles



National Banking Act
Troubled Asset Relief Program










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=BlackRock&oldid=792456715"					
Categories: BlackRock1988 establishments in New YorkCompanies based in ManhattanCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFinancial services companies based in New York CityFinancial services companies established in 1988Investment management companies of the United StatesMultinational companies based in New York CityMutual fund familiesPublicly traded companies based in New York CityHidden categories: Articles needing additional references from December 2015All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AlemannischDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoLietuviųNederlands日本語PortuguêsРусскийSvenskaTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 16:50.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









BlackRock - Wikipedia





















 






BlackRock

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Blackstone Group. For other uses, see Black Rock (disambiguation).





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (December 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



BlackRock, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as



NYSE: BLK
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry
Investment management


Founded
1988


Headquarters
New York City, New York
U.S.



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Larry Fink
(Chairman and CEO)
Robert Kapito
(President)


Products
Asset management


Revenue
 US$10.95 Billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$3.172 Billion (2016)[1]


AUM
 US$5.7 trillion (2017)[2]


Total assets
 US$220.177 Billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$29.098 Billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

13,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
BlackRock Institutional Trust Company, N.A.
BlackRock Fund Advisors
BlackRock Group Ltd


Website
BlackRock.com


BlackRock, Inc. is an American global investment management corporation based in New York City. Founded in 1988, initially as a risk management and fixed income institutional asset manager, BlackRock is the world's largest asset manager with $5.7 trillion in assets under management as of July 2017.[2] BlackRock operates globally with 70 offices in 30 countries and clients in 100 countries.[3] Due to its power, Blackrock has been called the world's largest shadow bank.[4][5]



Contents


1 History

1.1 1988–1997
1.2 1999–2009
1.3 2010–2017


2 Divisions

2.1 BlackRock Solutions


3 Key people
4 See also
5 Notes
6 Further reading
7 External links



History[edit]
1988–1997[edit]
BlackRock was founded in 1988 by Larry Fink, Robert S. Kapito, Susan Wagner, Barbara Novick, Ben Golub, Hugh Frater, Ralph Schlosstein, and Keith Anderson to provide institutional clients with asset management services from a risk management perspective.[6] Fink, Kapito, Golub and Novick had worked together at First Boston, where Fink and his team were pioneers in the mortgage-backed securities market in the United States.[citation needed] During Fink's tenure, he had lost $100 million as head of First Boston. That experience was the motivation to develop what he and the others considered to be excellent risk management and fiduciary practices. Initially, Fink sought funding (for initial operating capital) from Pete Peterson of The Blackstone Group who believed in Fink's vision of a firm devoted to risk management. Peterson called it Blackstone Financial Management.[citation needed] In exchange for a 50 percent stake in the bond business, initially Blackstone gave Fink and his team a $5 million credit line. Within months, the business had turned profitable, and by 1989 the group's assets had quadrupled to $2.7 billion. The percent of the stake owned by Blackstone also fell to 40%, compared to Fink's staff.
By 1992, Blackstone had a stake equating to about 35% of the company, and Schwarzman and Fink were considering selling shares to the public.[7] The firm adopted the name BlackRock in 1992, and by the end of that year, BlackRock was managing $17 billion in assets. At the end of 1994, BlackRock was managing $53 billion.[8] In 1994, Blackstone Group's Stephen A. Schwarzman and Fink had an internal dispute over methods of compensation[7] and over equity.[citation needed] Fink wanted to share equity with new hires, to lure talent from banks, unlike Schwarzman, who did not want to further lower Blackstone's stake.[7] They agreed to part ways, so the BlackRock partners (Sue Wagner) orchestrated a deal to sell part of the company.[citation needed] In June 1994 Blackstone sold a mortgage-securities unit with $23 billion in assets to PNC Bank Corp. for $240 million. The unit had traded mortgages and other fixed-income assets, and during the sales process the unit changed its name from Blackstone Financial Management to BlackRock Financial Management.[7] Schwarzman remained with Blackstone, while Fink went on to become chairman and CEO of BlackRock Inc.[7] In 1998, PNC’s equity, liquidity, and mutual fund activities were merged into BlackRock.[citation needed]
1999–2009[edit]




BlackRock headquarters in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.


BlackRock went public in 1999 at $14 a share[9] on the New York Stock Exchange.[8] By the end of 1999, BlackRock was managing $165 billion in assets.[8] BlackRock grew both organically and by acquisition. In August 2004, BlackRock made its first major acquisition, buying State Street Research & Management's holding company SSRM Holdings, Inc. from MetLife for $375 million in cash and stock. The acquisition raised BlackRock's assets under management from $314 billion to $325 billion.[10] The deal included the mutual-fund business State Street Research & Management in 2005.[11] BlackRock merged with Merrill Lynch Investment Managers (MLIM) in 2006,[8][12] halving PNC's ownership and giving Merrill Lynch a 49.5% stake in the company.[citation needed] In October 2007, BlackRock acquired the fund-of-funds business of Quellos Capital Management.[13]
The U.S. government contracted with BlackRock to help clean up after the financial meltdown of 2008. According to Vanity Fair, the financial establishment in Washington and on Wall Street believed BlackRock was the best choice for the job.[14] In 2009, BlackRock first became the number 1 asset manager worldwide.[11] In April 2009, BlackRock acquired R3 Capital Management, LLC and took control of the $1.5 billion fund.[15] On 12 June 2009, Barclays sold its Global Investors unit (BGI), which included its exchange traded fund business, iShares, to BlackRock for US$13.5 billion. Through the deal, Barclays attained a near-20% stake in BlackRock.[16] BGI was headquartered in San Francisco, with research and portfolio management teams in London, Sydney, Tokyo, Toronto, and other cities.[citation needed]
2010–2017[edit]
In 2010, Ralph Schlosstein, the CEO of Evercore Partners and a BlackRock founder, called BlackRock "the most influential financial institution in the world."[17] On 1 April 2011, BlackRock replaced Genzyme on the S&P 500 index.[18]
In 2013, Fortune listed BlackRock on its annual list of the world's 50 Most Admired Companies.[11] In 2014, The Economist said that BlackRock's $4 trillion under management made it the "world's biggest asset manager," and it was larger than the world's largest bank, the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China with $3 trillion.[5] In May of the same year, BlackRock invested in Snapdeal.[19]
In December 2014 a BlackRock managing director in London was banned by the British Financial Conduct Authority for "not being a fit and proper" person, because he paid £43,000 to avoid prosecution for dodging train fares. BlackRock said: "Jonathan Burrows left BlackRock earlier this year. What he admitted to the FCA is totally contrary to our values and principles."[20]
At the end of 2014, the Sovereign Wealth Fund Institute reported that 65% of Blackrock's assets under management were made up of institutional investors.[21]
By June 30, 2015, BlackRock had US $4.721 trillion of assets under management.[citation needed] On August 26, 2015, BlackRock entered into a definitive agreement to acquire FutureAdvisor,[22] a digital wealth management provider with reported assets under management of $600 million.[23] Under the deal, FutureAdvisor would operate as a business within BlackRock Solutions (BRS).[22] BlackRock announced in November 2015 that they would wind down the BlackRock Global Ascent hedge fund after losses. The Global Ascent fund had been its only dedicated global macro fund, as BlackRock was "better known for its mutual funds and exchange traded funds." At the time, BlackRock managed $51 billion in hedge funds, with $20 billion of that in funds of hedge funds.[24]
In March 2017, the Financial Times announced that BlackRock, after a six-month review led by Mark Wiseman, had initiated a restructuring of its $8bn actively-managed fund business, resulting in the departure of seven portfolio managers and a $25m charge in Q2, replacing certain funds with quantitative investment strategies.[25] In May 2017, BlackRock increased its stake in both CRH plc and Bank of Ireland.[26] By April 2017, iShares business accounted for $1.41tn, or 26 percent, of BlackRock's total assets under management, and 37 percent of BlackRock’s base fee income.[27] In April 2017, BlackRock backed the inclusion of mainland Chinese shares in MSCI’s global indice for the first time.[28]
Divisions[edit]
BlackRock Solutions[edit]
In 2000, BlackRock launched BlackRock Solutions, the risk management division of BlackRock, Inc. The division grew from the Aladdin System (which is the enterprise investment system), Green Package (which is the Risk Reporting Service) PAG (portfolio analytics) and AnSer (which is the interactive analytics). BlackRock Solutions (BRS) serves two roles within BlackRock. First, BlackRock Solutions is the in-house investment analytics and “process engineering” department for BlackRock which works with their portfolio management teams, risk and quantitative analysis, business operations and every other part of the firm that touches the investment process. Second, BlackRock Solutions (BRS) and the three primary divisions (which include risk management investment platform solutions, FMA, and client solutions) are services that offered to institutional clients. As of 2013, the platform had nearly 2,000 employees.[29]
BlackRock differentiates itself from other asset managers by claiming its risk management is not separate. Risk management is the foundation and cornerstone of the firm's entire platform.[29] Aladdin keeps track of 30,000 investment portfolios, including BlackRock's own along with those of competitors, banks, pension funds, and insurers. According to The Economist, the platform monitors almost 7 percent of the world’s $225 trillion of financial assets.[29]
BlackRock Solutions was retained by the U. S. Treasury Department in May 2009[17] to manage the toxic mortgage assets (i.e. to analyze, unwind, and price) that were owned by Bear Stearns, AIG, Inc., Freddie Mac, Morgan Stanley, and other financial firms that were affected in the 2008 financial crisis.[citation needed]
Key people[edit]

Laurence D. Fink – Founder, Chairman & CEO
Robert S. Kapito – Founder & Co-President
Susan Wagner – Founder, member of the Board of Directors
Simon Chirayath – Vice Chairman
Barbara Novick – Founder, Vice Chairman
Philipp Hildebrand – Vice Chairman
Robert Goldstein – Senior Managing Director, Chief Operating Officer
Gary Shedlin – Senior Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer
Bennett W. Golub – Founder, Senior Managing Director, Chief Risk Officer

See also[edit]


New York portal



List of S&P 500 companies
Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange (B)
List of asset management firms
List of CDO managers
List of companies based in New York City
List of hedge funds
List of mutual-fund families in the United States
Charles Hallac

Notes[edit]


^ a b c d e BlackRock Financials, Yahoo, 2016, retrieved May 8, 2017 
^ a b "Forbes - About Us". July 18, 2017. Retrieved July 26, 2017. 
^ BlackRock's Current Share Price Doesn't Capture Its Long-Term Growth Prospects - Contacts and Office Locations, Forbes, retrieved July 26, 2017 
^ "Die grösste Schattenbank der Welt". Basler Zeitung. November 20, 2012. Retrieved May 8, 2017. 
^ a b "Shadow and substance". The Economist. May 10, 2014. Retrieved May 8, 2017. 
^ "BlackRock". Fund Strategy. Retrieved 22 December 2015. 
^ a b c d e "Schwarzman Says Selling BlackRock Was ‘Heroic’ Mistake". Bloomberg.com. September 30, 2013. Retrieved 17 November 2016. 
^ a b c d History, BlackRock, retrieved May 9, 2017 
^ "Corporate History". Archived from the original on May 17, 2012. Retrieved 2014-03-22. 
^ Eric Hazard (February 8, 2006). "BlackRock Acquiring State Street Research from MetLife". plansponsor.com. 
^ a b c "BlackRock: The $4.3 trillion force". Fortune. July 7, 2014. Retrieved May 9, 2017. 
^ "BlackRock and a hard place". The Economist. February 16, 2006. Retrieved May 9, 2017. 
^ "BlackRock to Acquire Fund of Funds Business from Quellos Group, LLC" (PDF). 2007-06-26.  BlackRock, Inc.
^ Andrews, Suzanna. Larry Fink’s $12 Trillion Shadow, Vanity Fair, April 2010: "There is little doubt among the financial establishment in Washington and on Wall Street that BlackRock was the best choice to handle the government’s problems."
^ "BlackRock to Acquire R3 Capital". The New York Times. April 17, 2009. Retrieved May 9, 2017. 
^ "US giant BlackRock buys arm of Barclays bank | The Guardian.". The Guardian. UK. Press Association. 12 June 2009. Retrieved 21 February 2010. 
^ a b Kolhatkar, Sheelah (December 9, 2010). "Fink Builds BlackRock Powerhouse Without Goldman Sachs Backlash". Bloomberg. Retrieved April 20, 2013. 
^ "BlackRock to join S&P 500 index, replacing Genzyme". Bloomberg Businessweek. 2011-03-29. Archived from the original on 2012-10-26.  Retrieved January 23, 2012.
^ "Snapdeal raises $100M in fresh funding from BlackRock, Temasek, PremjiInvest, others". VC Circle. 
^ "FCA Life Ban For Fare-Dodging Jonathan Burrows". Sky News. 15 December 2014. Retrieved 15 December 2014. 
^ "Is BlackRock Too Big". Sovereign Wealth Fund Institute. n.d. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ a b "BlackRock to Acquire FutureAdvisor". BlackRock Press Releases. BlackRock. Retrieved 26 August 2015. 
^ Tepper, Fitz (24 June 2015). "YC Alum FutureAdvisor Is Now Managing $600 Million In Assets". TechCrunch. Retrieved 12 September 2015. 
^ Stevenson, Alexandra (2015-11-18). "BlackRock to Wind Down Macro Hedge Fund". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-11-19. 
^ "BlackRock cuts ranks of stockpicking fund managers". Financial Times. 27 March 2017. Retrieved 30 March 2017. 
^ Hamilton, Peter (May 8, 2017). "BlackRock increases stakes in CRH and Bank of Ireland". Irish Times. Retrieved May 8, 2017. 
^ Foley, Stephen (April 19, 2017). "BlackRock assets under management hit $5.4tn on record ETF inflows". Financial Times. Retrieved May 10, 2017. 
^ Hughes, Jennifer (April 20, 2017). "BlackRock backs mainland China shares for MSCI benchmarks". Financial Times. Retrieved May 10, 2017. 
^ a b c Briefing: BlackRock - The Monolith And The Markets, The Economist, December 7, 2013, pp. 24-26.


Further reading[edit]

Brooker, Katrina (October 29, 2008). "Can this man save Wall Street?". Fortune. 
Foley, Stephen (April 2, 2017). "BlackRock’s active funds navigate rough seas". Financial Times. 

External links[edit]

Official BlackRock website



Business data for BlackRock: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings



BlackRock Global Cash Management website







v
t
e


PNC Financial Services Group






Founded in 1852
Based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania





Subsidiaries



PNC Bank
Harris Williams & Co.
BlackRock (Co-owned with Bank of America and Barclays)





Services



Virtual Wallet
Christmas Price Index





Predecessor banks



Alabama National
Pittsburgh National Bank
Integra Bank (via National City)
Riggs Bank
National City Corp. (details)
BankAtlantic (Central Florida locations)
RBC Bank





Naming rights



Tower at PNC Plaza
One PNC Plaza
One Tampa City Center
Two PNC Plaza
Three PNC Plaza
PNC Bank Building (Philadelphia)
PNC Bank Building (Toledo)
PNC Plaza
PNC Plaza (Raleigh)
PNC Tower
PNC Center (Cincinnati)
PNC Center (Cleveland)
PNC Center (Fort Lauderdale)
PNC Center (Akron)
PNC Park
PNC Field
PNC Bank Arts Center
PNC Arena





Related articles



National Banking Act
Troubled Asset Relief Program










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=BlackRock&oldid=792456715"					
Categories: BlackRock1988 establishments in New YorkCompanies based in ManhattanCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFinancial services companies based in New York CityFinancial services companies established in 1988Investment management companies of the United StatesMultinational companies based in New York CityMutual fund familiesPublicly traded companies based in New York CityHidden categories: Articles needing additional references from December 2015All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AlemannischDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoLietuviųNederlands日本語PortuguêsРусскийSvenskaTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 16:50.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









BlackRock - Wikipedia





















 






BlackRock

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Blackstone Group. For other uses, see Black Rock (disambiguation).





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (December 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



BlackRock, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as



NYSE: BLK
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry
Investment management


Founded
1988


Headquarters
New York City, New York
U.S.



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Larry Fink
(Chairman and CEO)
Robert Kapito
(President)


Products
Asset management


Revenue
 US$10.95 Billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$3.172 Billion (2016)[1]


AUM
 US$5.7 trillion (2017)[2]


Total assets
 US$220.177 Billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$29.098 Billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

13,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
BlackRock Institutional Trust Company, N.A.
BlackRock Fund Advisors
BlackRock Group Ltd


Website
BlackRock.com


BlackRock, Inc. is an American global investment management corporation based in New York City. Founded in 1988, initially as a risk management and fixed income institutional asset manager, BlackRock is the world's largest asset manager with $5.7 trillion in assets under management as of July 2017.[2] BlackRock operates globally with 70 offices in 30 countries and clients in 100 countries.[3] Due to its power, Blackrock has been called the world's largest shadow bank.[4][5]



Contents


1 History

1.1 1988–1997
1.2 1999–2009
1.3 2010–2017


2 Divisions

2.1 BlackRock Solutions


3 Key people
4 See also
5 Notes
6 Further reading
7 External links



History[edit]
1988–1997[edit]
BlackRock was founded in 1988 by Larry Fink, Robert S. Kapito, Susan Wagner, Barbara Novick, Ben Golub, Hugh Frater, Ralph Schlosstein, and Keith Anderson to provide institutional clients with asset management services from a risk management perspective.[6] Fink, Kapito, Golub and Novick had worked together at First Boston, where Fink and his team were pioneers in the mortgage-backed securities market in the United States.[citation needed] During Fink's tenure, he had lost $100 million as head of First Boston. That experience was the motivation to develop what he and the others considered to be excellent risk management and fiduciary practices. Initially, Fink sought funding (for initial operating capital) from Pete Peterson of The Blackstone Group who believed in Fink's vision of a firm devoted to risk management. Peterson called it Blackstone Financial Management.[citation needed] In exchange for a 50 percent stake in the bond business, initially Blackstone gave Fink and his team a $5 million credit line. Within months, the business had turned profitable, and by 1989 the group's assets had quadrupled to $2.7 billion. The percent of the stake owned by Blackstone also fell to 40%, compared to Fink's staff.
By 1992, Blackstone had a stake equating to about 35% of the company, and Schwarzman and Fink were considering selling shares to the public.[7] The firm adopted the name BlackRock in 1992, and by the end of that year, BlackRock was managing $17 billion in assets. At the end of 1994, BlackRock was managing $53 billion.[8] In 1994, Blackstone Group's Stephen A. Schwarzman and Fink had an internal dispute over methods of compensation[7] and over equity.[citation needed] Fink wanted to share equity with new hires, to lure talent from banks, unlike Schwarzman, who did not want to further lower Blackstone's stake.[7] They agreed to part ways, so the BlackRock partners (Sue Wagner) orchestrated a deal to sell part of the company.[citation needed] In June 1994 Blackstone sold a mortgage-securities unit with $23 billion in assets to PNC Bank Corp. for $240 million. The unit had traded mortgages and other fixed-income assets, and during the sales process the unit changed its name from Blackstone Financial Management to BlackRock Financial Management.[7] Schwarzman remained with Blackstone, while Fink went on to become chairman and CEO of BlackRock Inc.[7] In 1998, PNC’s equity, liquidity, and mutual fund activities were merged into BlackRock.[citation needed]
1999–2009[edit]




BlackRock headquarters in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.


BlackRock went public in 1999 at $14 a share[9] on the New York Stock Exchange.[8] By the end of 1999, BlackRock was managing $165 billion in assets.[8] BlackRock grew both organically and by acquisition. In August 2004, BlackRock made its first major acquisition, buying State Street Research & Management's holding company SSRM Holdings, Inc. from MetLife for $375 million in cash and stock. The acquisition raised BlackRock's assets under management from $314 billion to $325 billion.[10] The deal included the mutual-fund business State Street Research & Management in 2005.[11] BlackRock merged with Merrill Lynch Investment Managers (MLIM) in 2006,[8][12] halving PNC's ownership and giving Merrill Lynch a 49.5% stake in the company.[citation needed] In October 2007, BlackRock acquired the fund-of-funds business of Quellos Capital Management.[13]
The U.S. government contracted with BlackRock to help clean up after the financial meltdown of 2008. According to Vanity Fair, the financial establishment in Washington and on Wall Street believed BlackRock was the best choice for the job.[14] In 2009, BlackRock first became the number 1 asset manager worldwide.[11] In April 2009, BlackRock acquired R3 Capital Management, LLC and took control of the $1.5 billion fund.[15] On 12 June 2009, Barclays sold its Global Investors unit (BGI), which included its exchange traded fund business, iShares, to BlackRock for US$13.5 billion. Through the deal, Barclays attained a near-20% stake in BlackRock.[16] BGI was headquartered in San Francisco, with research and portfolio management teams in London, Sydney, Tokyo, Toronto, and other cities.[citation needed]
2010–2017[edit]
In 2010, Ralph Schlosstein, the CEO of Evercore Partners and a BlackRock founder, called BlackRock "the most influential financial institution in the world."[17] On 1 April 2011, BlackRock replaced Genzyme on the S&P 500 index.[18]
In 2013, Fortune listed BlackRock on its annual list of the world's 50 Most Admired Companies.[11] In 2014, The Economist said that BlackRock's $4 trillion under management made it the "world's biggest asset manager," and it was larger than the world's largest bank, the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China with $3 trillion.[5] In May of the same year, BlackRock invested in Snapdeal.[19]
In December 2014 a BlackRock managing director in London was banned by the British Financial Conduct Authority for "not being a fit and proper" person, because he paid £43,000 to avoid prosecution for dodging train fares. BlackRock said: "Jonathan Burrows left BlackRock earlier this year. What he admitted to the FCA is totally contrary to our values and principles."[20]
At the end of 2014, the Sovereign Wealth Fund Institute reported that 65% of Blackrock's assets under management were made up of institutional investors.[21]
By June 30, 2015, BlackRock had US $4.721 trillion of assets under management.[citation needed] On August 26, 2015, BlackRock entered into a definitive agreement to acquire FutureAdvisor,[22] a digital wealth management provider with reported assets under management of $600 million.[23] Under the deal, FutureAdvisor would operate as a business within BlackRock Solutions (BRS).[22] BlackRock announced in November 2015 that they would wind down the BlackRock Global Ascent hedge fund after losses. The Global Ascent fund had been its only dedicated global macro fund, as BlackRock was "better known for its mutual funds and exchange traded funds." At the time, BlackRock managed $51 billion in hedge funds, with $20 billion of that in funds of hedge funds.[24]
In March 2017, the Financial Times announced that BlackRock, after a six-month review led by Mark Wiseman, had initiated a restructuring of its $8bn actively-managed fund business, resulting in the departure of seven portfolio managers and a $25m charge in Q2, replacing certain funds with quantitative investment strategies.[25] In May 2017, BlackRock increased its stake in both CRH plc and Bank of Ireland.[26] By April 2017, iShares business accounted for $1.41tn, or 26 percent, of BlackRock's total assets under management, and 37 percent of BlackRock’s base fee income.[27] In April 2017, BlackRock backed the inclusion of mainland Chinese shares in MSCI’s global indice for the first time.[28]
Divisions[edit]
BlackRock Solutions[edit]
In 2000, BlackRock launched BlackRock Solutions, the risk management division of BlackRock, Inc. The division grew from the Aladdin System (which is the enterprise investment system), Green Package (which is the Risk Reporting Service) PAG (portfolio analytics) and AnSer (which is the interactive analytics). BlackRock Solutions (BRS) serves two roles within BlackRock. First, BlackRock Solutions is the in-house investment analytics and “process engineering” department for BlackRock which works with their portfolio management teams, risk and quantitative analysis, business operations and every other part of the firm that touches the investment process. Second, BlackRock Solutions (BRS) and the three primary divisions (which include risk management investment platform solutions, FMA, and client solutions) are services that offered to institutional clients. As of 2013, the platform had nearly 2,000 employees.[29]
BlackRock differentiates itself from other asset managers by claiming its risk management is not separate. Risk management is the foundation and cornerstone of the firm's entire platform.[29] Aladdin keeps track of 30,000 investment portfolios, including BlackRock's own along with those of competitors, banks, pension funds, and insurers. According to The Economist, the platform monitors almost 7 percent of the world’s $225 trillion of financial assets.[29]
BlackRock Solutions was retained by the U. S. Treasury Department in May 2009[17] to manage the toxic mortgage assets (i.e. to analyze, unwind, and price) that were owned by Bear Stearns, AIG, Inc., Freddie Mac, Morgan Stanley, and other financial firms that were affected in the 2008 financial crisis.[citation needed]
Key people[edit]

Laurence D. Fink – Founder, Chairman & CEO
Robert S. Kapito – Founder & Co-President
Susan Wagner – Founder, member of the Board of Directors
Simon Chirayath – Vice Chairman
Barbara Novick – Founder, Vice Chairman
Philipp Hildebrand – Vice Chairman
Robert Goldstein – Senior Managing Director, Chief Operating Officer
Gary Shedlin – Senior Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer
Bennett W. Golub – Founder, Senior Managing Director, Chief Risk Officer

See also[edit]


New York portal



List of S&P 500 companies
Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange (B)
List of asset management firms
List of CDO managers
List of companies based in New York City
List of hedge funds
List of mutual-fund families in the United States
Charles Hallac

Notes[edit]


^ a b c d e BlackRock Financials, Yahoo, 2016, retrieved May 8, 2017 
^ a b "Forbes - About Us". July 18, 2017. Retrieved July 26, 2017. 
^ BlackRock's Current Share Price Doesn't Capture Its Long-Term Growth Prospects - Contacts and Office Locations, Forbes, retrieved July 26, 2017 
^ "Die grösste Schattenbank der Welt". Basler Zeitung. November 20, 2012. Retrieved May 8, 2017. 
^ a b "Shadow and substance". The Economist. May 10, 2014. Retrieved May 8, 2017. 
^ "BlackRock". Fund Strategy. Retrieved 22 December 2015. 
^ a b c d e "Schwarzman Says Selling BlackRock Was ‘Heroic’ Mistake". Bloomberg.com. September 30, 2013. Retrieved 17 November 2016. 
^ a b c d History, BlackRock, retrieved May 9, 2017 
^ "Corporate History". Archived from the original on May 17, 2012. Retrieved 2014-03-22. 
^ Eric Hazard (February 8, 2006). "BlackRock Acquiring State Street Research from MetLife". plansponsor.com. 
^ a b c "BlackRock: The $4.3 trillion force". Fortune. July 7, 2014. Retrieved May 9, 2017. 
^ "BlackRock and a hard place". The Economist. February 16, 2006. Retrieved May 9, 2017. 
^ "BlackRock to Acquire Fund of Funds Business from Quellos Group, LLC" (PDF). 2007-06-26.  BlackRock, Inc.
^ Andrews, Suzanna. Larry Fink’s $12 Trillion Shadow, Vanity Fair, April 2010: "There is little doubt among the financial establishment in Washington and on Wall Street that BlackRock was the best choice to handle the government’s problems."
^ "BlackRock to Acquire R3 Capital". The New York Times. April 17, 2009. Retrieved May 9, 2017. 
^ "US giant BlackRock buys arm of Barclays bank | The Guardian.". The Guardian. UK. Press Association. 12 June 2009. Retrieved 21 February 2010. 
^ a b Kolhatkar, Sheelah (December 9, 2010). "Fink Builds BlackRock Powerhouse Without Goldman Sachs Backlash". Bloomberg. Retrieved April 20, 2013. 
^ "BlackRock to join S&P 500 index, replacing Genzyme". Bloomberg Businessweek. 2011-03-29. Archived from the original on 2012-10-26.  Retrieved January 23, 2012.
^ "Snapdeal raises $100M in fresh funding from BlackRock, Temasek, PremjiInvest, others". VC Circle. 
^ "FCA Life Ban For Fare-Dodging Jonathan Burrows". Sky News. 15 December 2014. Retrieved 15 December 2014. 
^ "Is BlackRock Too Big". Sovereign Wealth Fund Institute. n.d. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ a b "BlackRock to Acquire FutureAdvisor". BlackRock Press Releases. BlackRock. Retrieved 26 August 2015. 
^ Tepper, Fitz (24 June 2015). "YC Alum FutureAdvisor Is Now Managing $600 Million In Assets". TechCrunch. Retrieved 12 September 2015. 
^ Stevenson, Alexandra (2015-11-18). "BlackRock to Wind Down Macro Hedge Fund". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-11-19. 
^ "BlackRock cuts ranks of stockpicking fund managers". Financial Times. 27 March 2017. Retrieved 30 March 2017. 
^ Hamilton, Peter (May 8, 2017). "BlackRock increases stakes in CRH and Bank of Ireland". Irish Times. Retrieved May 8, 2017. 
^ Foley, Stephen (April 19, 2017). "BlackRock assets under management hit $5.4tn on record ETF inflows". Financial Times. Retrieved May 10, 2017. 
^ Hughes, Jennifer (April 20, 2017). "BlackRock backs mainland China shares for MSCI benchmarks". Financial Times. Retrieved May 10, 2017. 
^ a b c Briefing: BlackRock - The Monolith And The Markets, The Economist, December 7, 2013, pp. 24-26.


Further reading[edit]

Brooker, Katrina (October 29, 2008). "Can this man save Wall Street?". Fortune. 
Foley, Stephen (April 2, 2017). "BlackRock’s active funds navigate rough seas". Financial Times. 

External links[edit]

Official BlackRock website



Business data for BlackRock: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings



BlackRock Global Cash Management website







v
t
e


PNC Financial Services Group






Founded in 1852
Based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania





Subsidiaries



PNC Bank
Harris Williams & Co.
BlackRock (Co-owned with Bank of America and Barclays)





Services



Virtual Wallet
Christmas Price Index





Predecessor banks



Alabama National
Pittsburgh National Bank
Integra Bank (via National City)
Riggs Bank
National City Corp. (details)
BankAtlantic (Central Florida locations)
RBC Bank





Naming rights



Tower at PNC Plaza
One PNC Plaza
One Tampa City Center
Two PNC Plaza
Three PNC Plaza
PNC Bank Building (Philadelphia)
PNC Bank Building (Toledo)
PNC Plaza
PNC Plaza (Raleigh)
PNC Tower
PNC Center (Cincinnati)
PNC Center (Cleveland)
PNC Center (Fort Lauderdale)
PNC Center (Akron)
PNC Park
PNC Field
PNC Bank Arts Center
PNC Arena





Related articles



National Banking Act
Troubled Asset Relief Program










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=BlackRock&oldid=792456715"					
Categories: BlackRock1988 establishments in New YorkCompanies based in ManhattanCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFinancial services companies based in New York CityFinancial services companies established in 1988Investment management companies of the United StatesMultinational companies based in New York CityMutual fund familiesPublicly traded companies based in New York CityHidden categories: Articles needing additional references from December 2015All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AlemannischDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoLietuviųNederlands日本語PortuguêsРусскийSvenskaTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 16:50.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













blackrock european fund, Shopping.net











































Top Category Matches



> Miscellaneous Books




> Business & Economics Book...




> Shoes




> Posters & Prints




> Charms




> Miscellaneous DVDs & Vide...




> Christmas & Holiday Ornam...




> Miscellaneous Fiction Books




> Literary Criticism Books




> Kids' Arts & Crafts S...




> Other Holiday Decor




> Miscellaneous Appliances




> Miscellaneous




> Law Books




> Reference Books




> Shoes




> Political Science Books




> History Books




> Christmas Decor




> Education Books



see all categories













Price



Price must be rounded to nearest dollar
$

to $







Free Shipping







Features







Storage Compartment

1



 more












Stores







Amazon.com

49






Amazon Marketplace

2



 more















Shop by Department



Appliances




Automotive




Babies & Kids




Clothing & Accessories




Computers & Software




DVDs & Videos




Electronics




Gifts, Flowers & Food




Health & Beauty Supplies




Home & Garden




Jewelry




Musical Instruments & Accessories




Office Supplies




Other Products




Pet Supplies




Sports Equipment & Outdoor Gear




Toys




Video Games




 See more































Hyman & Stattman: Part 1 - Exclusive 2016...

$17.95














Hedge Fund Regulation in the European Union:...

$210.00














Mapping Jordan Through Two Millennia (Palestine...

$66.65














Alternative Investment Funds in Europe: Law and...

$254.63













Tulpa

$16.53













A Dictionary of European Baptist Life and...

$71.00













European Banking and Financial Law

$51.19













Development Problems in the Niger Delta Region:...

$54.04













Miscellaneous Writings (Select Works of Edmund...

$27.00













History as the Story of Liberty

$24.00













French Revolution, The

$72.00













An Introduction to the History of the Principal...

$14.50













The Origin and Principles of the American...

$10.58













The Alternative Investment Fund Managers...

$304.00













Developing Sustainable Careers Across the...

$58.40













Sovereign Wealth Funds: States Buying the World

$49.95













Beyond the Wall: Germany's Road to...

$21.59













European project management handbook: Techniques...

$52.24













The New Anti-Money Laundering Law: First...

$54.99













The European Research Council

$33.24













Selected Writings of Lord Acton (v. 1)

$87.00













Lectures on the French Revolution

$25.00













Further Reflections on the Revolution in France

$14.50













Essays in Religion, Politics, and Morality...

$17.50













Judgments on History and Historians

$14.50












1


2


3


>






































Privacy


Terms of Service


Contact Us


Shopping.net is compensated by these merchants. Payment is one of several factors used to rank these results. Tax and shipping costs are estimates.
© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC
























Leveraged & Inverse ETFs | Alternative Mutual Funds | Direxion



























 

















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – A SharesHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – C SharesHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – InstitutionalHYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 












Worriers WelcomeInverse and LeveragedInverse ETFs


 




QQQEDirexion Nasdaq-100 Equal Weighted Index Shares
 
☆☆☆☆☆Overall Morningstar Rating™out of 1,277 Large Growth Funds as of 6/30/2017†








TMFTMV
Direxion Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull and Bear 3X Shares






GASLGASX
Direxion Daily Natural Gas Related Bull and Bear 3X Shares






CHAD
Direxion Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X Shares






SPXLSPXS
Direxion Daily S&P 500 Bull and Bear 3X Shares






FASFAZ
Direxion Daily Financial Bull and Bear 3X Shares






TECLTECS
Direxion Daily Technology Bull and Bear 3X Shares










LABU
LABDDaily S&P Biotech Bull & Bear 3X Shares






CHAUDaily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2x Shares  CHADDaily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1x Shares 
    





JNUG
 JDSTDaily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull and Bear 3x Shares


 





        News Announcements, Press, and Highlights


Direxion Launches 3X Leveraged ETF on EURO STOXX 50 Index Introducing the Direxion Daily EURO STOXX 50® Bull 3X Shares (Ticker: EUXL). Read Press Release

Recent ETF Distributions & Schedule Direxion will pay income distributions on certain ETFs according to the following schedule.Read More
 





        Connect E-newsletters and social media

 
The Xchange | For traders of leveraged and inverse ETFs
By The Numbers | Weekly news and numbers
Receive Alerts | Be informed of updates, events, more
e-Delivery | Email delivery of prospectus, annual reports


 




        Our Approach A Tradition of Innovation Continues

 Direxion’s index-based products deliver directional options, magnified exposure, and long-term, rules-based strategies. Founded in 1997, the company has approximately $12.1 billion in assets under management as of June 30, 2017. Our diverse suite of products helps investors navigate today’s ever-changing markets. More

 

 














Exchange-Traded Funds, ETF List | Direxion




























 

















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – A SharesHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – C SharesHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – InstitutionalHYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 









 




    Exchange-Traded Funds  





+ Share 



 
 









 The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost; current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance for one year and under are cumulative, not annualized. Short term performance, in particular, is not a good indication of the fund’s future performance, and an investment should not be made based solely on returns. For additional information, see the fund(s) prospectus.
Each Direxion Fund share price is calculated as of the close of regular trading, usually as of 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, each day the New York Stock Exchange is open for business. Each fund seeks to meet its investment objective relative to the value of the target index or benchmark as of 4:00 p.m.
Shares of Direxion Shares are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the Fund. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns. Market Price returns are based upon the midpoint of the bid/ask spread at 4:00 PM Eastern time (when NAV is normally determined), and do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. Fund returns assume that dividends and capital gains distributions have been reinvested in the Fund at NAV. Some performance results reflect expense subsidies and waivers in effect during certain periods shown. Absent these waivers, results would have been less favorable.
After-Tax and After-Tax, Post Sales Returns
Tax-adjusted returns and tax cost ratio are estimates of the impact taxes have had on a fund. We assume the highest tax rate in calculating these figures. These returns follow the SEC guidelines for calculating returns before sale of shares. Tax-adjusted returns show a fund’s annualized after tax total return for the one, three and five year periods, excluding any capital-gains effects that would result from selling the fund at the end of the period. To determine this figure, all income and short-term capital gains distributions are taxed at the maximum federal rate at the time of distribution. Long-term capital gains are taxed at a 15% rate. The after tax portion is then assumed to be reinvested in the fund. State and local taxes are not included in our calculations. For more information, please consult your tax consultant.
Distribution Dates

Payable and Ex-Date – With regard to mutual funds, this is the day on which declared distributions (dividends or capital gains) are deducted from the fund’s assets before it calculates its net asset value (NAV). The NAV per share will drop by the amount of the distribution per share.
Record Date – Date by which a shareholder must officially own shares in order to be entitled to a dividend.

Types of Distributions

Income Dividend – A portion of a company’s profit paid to common and preferred shareholders.
Long Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for more than one year.
Short Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for less than one year


 











Related Reading

Knowledge
Related education, articles, and insights.



  ETF Market Pricing    


ETF market prices are the prices at which investors buy or sell shares of an ETF in the secondary market. While ETFs are designed to trade in line with their intraday values, during times of significant market volatility an ETF’s market price may vary more widely from its intraday value.


  ETF Liquidity – Four Rules to Consider    


Liquidity, transparency, real-time trading, and relatively low management fees are the reason why ETFs are becoming more and more popular. Learn about the four key characteristics that investors should better understand in order to trade them properly.
 More articles like this
 
















Overview of the Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment ETF | Direxion


























 






























Why KNOW? Why now?
Since inception, the Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares ETF (Ticker: KNOW) has outperfomed the major U.S. stock indexes including the: S&P 500, S&P MidCap 400, S&P SmallCap 600 and S&P1500 (source: Morningstar Direct). 
It makes sense. Corporate insiders− top officers, boards of directors, and major shareholders − have a natural edge over retail investors, and even financial analysts, because they typically know their businesses and industries better than anyone. That’s why, no matter how much research you do, or how much financial news you consume, you’re always a step behind those “in the know”.
The Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares (KNOW) is designed to help long term-investors pursue better portfolio outcomes by using insider sentiment to seek alpha relative to S&P 500® Index.
With a net expense ratio of just 0.65%, this strategic index-based ETF provides investors with cost-effective access to stocks that corporate officers, directors, and shareholders who own more than 5% of each company’s stock, are accumulating.
This insider sentiment selection uses a screening methodology based on public-company filings and positive earnings analysis that provides the basis for the funds’ quantitatively-weighted indexes. The ETF is comprised of 100 companies selected from the S&P 1500 Index.
Fact Sheet Performance Comparison Prospectus
 



 NAVs and market price information as of July 26, 2017






Ticker
Fund Name
Index/Benchmark
					(Bloomberg Symbol)
Target
Prospectus




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares

Sabrient Multi-Cap Insider/Analyst Quant-Weighted Index (SBRQAMTR)


Prospectus









All data as
					of 6/30/2017


Ticker
Fund Name
 
1 Mo %
3 Mo %
YTD %
1 YR %
3 YR %
5 YR %
10 YR %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio* (Gross/Net %)





KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares

NAV
0.90
1.01
4.40
14.98
9.74
17.51

16.03

12/8/2011

0.77 						/
						 0.65*					


Market Close
0.84
0.74
4.46
15.00
9.76
17.68

16.05












Ticker
Fund Name
NAV
NAV Change $
NAV Change %
Market Price Closing
Market Price Closing
					Change($)
Market Price Closing
					Change(%)
Premium / Discount




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares

40.33
-0.19
-0.47
40.34
-0.16
						-0.40
0.01








Ticker
Fund Name
Record Date
Ex Date
Pay Date
Income Dividend
Short-Term Capital Gain
Long-Term Capital Gain




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares


6/22/2017


6/20/2017


6/27/2017

0.10643




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares


3/23/2017


3/21/2017


3/28/2017

0.25251




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares


12/22/2016


12/20/2016


12/28/2016

0.3796
2.98944



KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares


9/22/2016


9/20/2016


9/27/2016

0.25034




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares


6/23/2016


6/21/2016


6/28/2016

0.31042




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares


3/24/2016


3/22/2016


3/30/2016

0.45018




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares


12/24/2015


12/22/2015


12/30/2015

0.05891




KNOW

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares


9/24/2015


9/22/2015


9/29/2015

0.19703








* The Net Expense Ratio includes management fees, other operating expenses and Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses. If Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses were excluded, the Net Expense Ratio would be 0.65%. The Fund’s Adviser, Rafferty Asset Management, LLC (“Rafferty”) has entered into an Operating Expense Limitation Agreement with the Fund, under which Rafferty has contractually agreed to cap all or a portion of its management fee and/or reimburse the Fund for Other Expenses through September 1, 2017, to the extent that the Fund’s Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses exceed 0.65% other than the following: taxes, swap financing and related costs, acquired fund fees and expenses, dividends or interest on short positions, other interest expenses, brokerage commissions, expenses incurred in connection with any merger or reorganization and extraordinary expenses. If these expenses were included, the expense ratio would be higher.
The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance under one year are cumulative, not annualized. 
 
The potential benefits of Direxion’s All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares ETF

Allows investors to identify and participate in stocks that corporate insiders are accumulating
Offers access to a rules-based index approach to equity investing
Focuses on insider transactions and analyst ratings to determine weightings within the Index
Allocations to sectors within the index can vary significantly from traditional cap-weighted equity benchmark weightings

 






















Exchange-Traded Funds, ETF List | Direxion




























 

















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – A SharesHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – C SharesHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – InstitutionalHYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 









 




    Exchange-Traded Funds  





+ Share 



 
 









 The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost; current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance for one year and under are cumulative, not annualized. Short term performance, in particular, is not a good indication of the fund’s future performance, and an investment should not be made based solely on returns. For additional information, see the fund(s) prospectus.
Each Direxion Fund share price is calculated as of the close of regular trading, usually as of 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, each day the New York Stock Exchange is open for business. Each fund seeks to meet its investment objective relative to the value of the target index or benchmark as of 4:00 p.m.
Shares of Direxion Shares are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the Fund. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns. Market Price returns are based upon the midpoint of the bid/ask spread at 4:00 PM Eastern time (when NAV is normally determined), and do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. Fund returns assume that dividends and capital gains distributions have been reinvested in the Fund at NAV. Some performance results reflect expense subsidies and waivers in effect during certain periods shown. Absent these waivers, results would have been less favorable.
After-Tax and After-Tax, Post Sales Returns
Tax-adjusted returns and tax cost ratio are estimates of the impact taxes have had on a fund. We assume the highest tax rate in calculating these figures. These returns follow the SEC guidelines for calculating returns before sale of shares. Tax-adjusted returns show a fund’s annualized after tax total return for the one, three and five year periods, excluding any capital-gains effects that would result from selling the fund at the end of the period. To determine this figure, all income and short-term capital gains distributions are taxed at the maximum federal rate at the time of distribution. Long-term capital gains are taxed at a 15% rate. The after tax portion is then assumed to be reinvested in the fund. State and local taxes are not included in our calculations. For more information, please consult your tax consultant.
Distribution Dates

Payable and Ex-Date – With regard to mutual funds, this is the day on which declared distributions (dividends or capital gains) are deducted from the fund’s assets before it calculates its net asset value (NAV). The NAV per share will drop by the amount of the distribution per share.
Record Date – Date by which a shareholder must officially own shares in order to be entitled to a dividend.

Types of Distributions

Income Dividend – A portion of a company’s profit paid to common and preferred shareholders.
Long Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for more than one year.
Short Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for less than one year


 











Related Reading

Knowledge
Related education, articles, and insights.



  ETF Market Pricing    


ETF market prices are the prices at which investors buy or sell shares of an ETF in the secondary market. While ETFs are designed to trade in line with their intraday values, during times of significant market volatility an ETF’s market price may vary more widely from its intraday value.


  ETF Liquidity – Four Rules to Consider    


Liquidity, transparency, real-time trading, and relatively low management fees are the reason why ETFs are becoming more and more popular. Learn about the four key characteristics that investors should better understand in order to trade them properly.
 More articles like this
 
















ETF & Mutual Fund Investment Tools | Direxion



























 


















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – A SharesHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – C SharesHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – InstitutionalHYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 










    Tools You Can Use  


Direxion provides a suite of tools that can be highly beneficial when implementing tactical investment strategies. These tools can be applied to strategies that are both specific and non-specific to Direxion.


Mutual Fund Tools


  Exposure Level Tools    


The following tools help determine a Monthly Leveraged Index Fund's estimated exposure level for the day on which it is purchased using data feeds which provide real time values. 
 

ETF Tools


  Premium/Discount Tool    


The Premium/Discount Tool illustrates the daily difference (premium or discount) between the market closing price and calculated net asset value per share of Direxion ETFs.
 
















blackrock european fund - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Blackrock Mutual Funds - Blackrock Mutual Funds.



Ad
 ·
Reference.com/​Mutual Funds



Blackrock Mutual Funds. Find Articles on Banking & Finance.





Browse Education



Browse Finance




Browse Health



Browse Vehicles





Top 5 Mutual Funds - Find Top 5 Mutual Funds | searchall.com



Ad
 ·
www.searchall.com/​Mutual+Funds



Search for Top 5 Mutual Funds with 100's of Results at SearchAll.com!





Best Mutual Funds



Top 5 Mutual Funds



Top 10 Mutual Funds




Compare Mutual Funds



Best Performing Mutual Funds



No Load Mutual Funds





Blackrock European Fund - Blackrock European Fund



Ad
 ·
www.shopping.net/​Blackrock European Fund



Blackrock European Fund for Sale. Find Our Lowest Possible Price!




Searches related toblackrock european fund



blackrock european hedge fund


ishares europe etf


europe index funds



blackrock stocks mutual funds


europe ishares


blackrock eurofund




Web Results

BlackRock European Fund | A2

https://www.blackrock.com/.../229648/blackrock-european-fund-a2-eur


[BlackRock European Fund seeks to maximise total return. The Fund invests at least 70% of its total assets in the equity securities of companies domiciled in, or ...


European equity funds - BlackRock

https://www.blackrock.com/.../equity-funds/european-equity-funds


Read more about BlackRock's range of emerging market funds that invest in the vibrant economies of countries with Europe.


European equities funds - BlackRock

https://www.blackrock.com/.../funds/equity-funds/european-equities


Click to learn how BlackRock European equity funds can provide exposure to markets across 16 countries/35 industries and Europe-based multi-national companies.


BlackRock Continental European | BlackRock | Fund ...

https://www.trustnet.com/Factsheets/Factsheet.aspx?fundCode=MYEUG


BlackRock Continental European from BlackRock prices, cumulative, discrete & annual performances. Investment objectives, asset allocation, top ten holdings ...


BlackRock European Hedge Fund Limited: Private Company ...

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=...


BlackRock European Hedge Fund Limited company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


BlackRock Global Funds - European Fund - Bloomberg.com

https://www.bloomberg.com/quote/BGEUA2U:LX


Performance charts for BlackRock Global Funds - European Fund (BGEUA2U) including intraday, historical and comparison charts, technical analysis and trend lines.


BlackRock Eurofund (MDEFX) - money.usnews.com

https://money.usnews.com/funds/mutual-funds/europe-stock/blackrock...


See BlackRock Eurofund (MDEFX) mutual fund ratings from all the top fund analysts in one place. See BlackRock Eurofund performance, holdings, fees, risk and other ...


The case for European equities | iShares - BlackRock

https://www.ishares.com/us/resources/insights/europe-opportunity


The case for European equities. European equities have appreciated 14.5% YTD, ... which may be obtained by visiting the iShares Fund and BlackRock Fund prospectus pages.


BlackRock European Fund (EUR) A2Funds - Quote

www.aastocks.com/en/funds/quote/quote.aspx?funds=1416


This fund quoted price is compiled by AASTOCKS from the individual fund management company's public information material, and meant for information only.


Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs) | iShares US - BlackRock

https://www.ishares.com


iShares by BlackRock, the largest provider of exchange-traded-funds (ETFs) in the world, provides exposure to various asset classes. Discover how.










Blackrock Mutual Funds - Blackrock Mutual Funds.



Ad
 ·
Reference.com/​Mutual Funds



Blackrock Mutual Funds. Find Articles on Banking & Finance.





Browse Education



Browse Finance




Browse Health



Browse Vehicles





Top 5 Mutual Funds - Find Top 5 Mutual Funds | searchall.com



Ad
 ·
www.searchall.com/​Mutual+Funds



Search for Top 5 Mutual Funds with 100's of Results at SearchAll.com!





Best Mutual Funds



Top 5 Mutual Funds



Top 10 Mutual Funds




Compare Mutual Funds



Best Performing Mutual Funds



No Load Mutual Funds





Blackrock European Fund - Blackrock European Fund



Ad
 ·
www.shopping.net/​Blackrock European Fund



Blackrock European Fund for Sale. Find Our Lowest Possible Price!



Searches related toblackrock european fund



blackrock european hedge fund


ishares europe etf


europe index funds



blackrock stocks mutual funds


europe ishares


blackrock eurofund




12345Next















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network










Financial Planning & Investment Management | BlackRock























































 



 
 


WHO WE ARE
BlackRock is trusted to manage more money than any other investment manager in the world, helping millions of people and the world’s biggest institutions and governments reach their investing goals.
Source: BlackRock. Based on $5.4 trillion in AUM as of 3/31/17





 BLACKROCK

BLACKROCK

 


 Mutual Funds

Mutual Funds

 

 iShares ETFs

iShares ETFs

 

 Closed-End Funds

Closed-End Funds

 

 Insights

Insights

 

 Advisor Center

Advisor Center

 

 Retirement

Retirement

 

 Investing Blog

Investing Blog

 




 iSHARES

iSHARES

 


 Find an ETF

Find an ETF

 

 About ETFs

About ETFs

 

 Why ETFs

Why ETFs

 




 OUR FIRM

OUR FIRM

 


 About Us

About Us

 

 Newsroom 

Newsroom 

 

 Investor Relations

Investor Relations

 

 Public Policy

Public Policy

 

 Responsibility

Responsibility

 

 Careers

Careers

 

 Contact Us

Contact Us

 




 INSTITUTIONS

INSTITUTIONS

 


 Insights

Insights

 

 Our Clients

Our Clients

 




 BLACKROCK SOLUTIONS

BLACKROCK SOLUTIONS

 


 Aladdin

Aladdin

 

 Financial Markets Advisory

Financial Markets Advisory

 

 Engineering Blog

Engineering Blog

 





FOLLOW US 


 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 












 Our Company and Sites








 United States

 



Select Country 



  United States


 Australia
 

 België
 

 Brasil
 

 Canada
 

 Chile
 

 China
 

 Colombia
 

 Danmark
 

 Deutschland
 

 Dubai (IFC)
 

 España
 

 France
 



 Hong Kong
 

 India
 

 Ísland
 

 Israel
 

 Italia
 

 Japan - 日本
 

 Korea - 한국
 

 Latin America & Iberia
 

 Magyarország
 

 México
 

 Nederland
 

 Norge
 



 Õsterreich
 

 Polska
 

 Portugal
 

 Singapore
 

 South Africa
 

 Suomi
 

 Sverige
 

 Schweiz
 

 Taiwan
 

 United Kingdom
 

 United States
 

 Location Not Listed?
 



 




Sign In 
 

Financial Professionals

BlackRock Site

 
Advisor Central at BNY Mellon

 

Individual Investors

Marketing Subscriptions

 
Mutual Fund & 529 Accounts

 

Institutional Investors

Institutional Client Login Sites

 


 See more accounts

 


















 
 


Products 



Insights 



Retirement 



Resources 



Financial Professionals 
















BY TYPE
Mutual FundsiShares ETFsClosed End Funds 



BY ASSET Class
EquityFixed IncomeMulti-Asset 



MORE PRODUCTS & RESOURCES
Managed AccountsTarget Date FundsVariable Insurance Funds529 College Saving PlansAlternative InvestmentsCash and Liquidity ProductsClosed End Funds ResourcesModel PortfoliosBlackRock Index Services 






FEATURED PRODUCT
 

 
Strategic Income Opportunities Fund











BY TYPE
Featured InsightsEconomic OutlookFixed IncomeEquitiesMulti-Asset 



INVESTMENT IDEAS
Balance Portfolios with BondsRethink Your Income StrategyNarrow the Growth GapFactor InvestingSustainable Investing 






FEATURED INSIGHTS
 

 
BlackRock Investment Institute











PLANNING
Retirement Fundamentals 



RESEARCH & INSIGHTS
BlackRock Retirement Institute 






FEATURED RESOURCE
 

 
Reframe the retirement problem
Financial advisors only











ACCOUNT ACCESS & FORMS
Account AccessForms and Applications 



MORE RESOURCES
LiteratureShare Classes and LoadsTax InformationEducationTools and Calculators 






FEATURED TOOL
 

 
Morningstar Hypothetical Tool 
Portfolio comparison for advisors











PROFESSIONALS
Advisor CenterRegistered Investment AdvisorsPrivate BanksDefined Contribution PlansInstitutions 



EXCLUSIVE RESOURCES
iRetire® by BlackRockBlackRock Portfolio Solutions 







NAVIGATING THE DOL FIDUCIARY RULE

Resources for building better portfolios after the rule
















































 
 
























Select country 


Select country 
























 






Midyear Investment Outlook
Shifting to sustained expansion
The BlackRock Investment Institute explores why risk assets could continue to thrive as the cycle advances.
 Read report

Read report

 

Explore BlackRock


 Core investment portfolio

Core investment portfolio

 

 Minimum volatility portfolio

Minimum volatility portfolio

 

 Retirement portfolio

Retirement portfolio

 

 College savings plan

College savings plan

 










 

Find a fund






























or

Select Product Type

 Mutual Funds

Mutual Funds

 Closed-End Funds

Closed-End Funds

 iShares ETFs

iShares ETFs

 Alternative Investments

Alternative Investments

 









 

















Global Weekly Commentary
The case for Japanese equities
July 24 / Richard Turnill
We see further strength in Japanese equities after their recent rally. Read why in our weekly commentary. Read more









GLOBAL ALLOCATION INSIGHT
Why security selection matters
Jul 19 / Dan Chamby, CFA
With the emergence of more winners and losers in the market, investors may benefit from differentiated exposure.Learn more




Social
How a focus on income generation can drive portfolio performance
@BlackRock




















 










FEATURED CHART
The economic side effects of the student loan crisis

June 28 / Rick Rieder
A college degree is still a must today; those without higher education face higher unemployment rates and lower earnings power. But the high cost of a degree is discouraging, especially to those who cannot afford college without loans in the first place. This could leave some unprepared for the workplace, worsening the class divide. The student loan crisis is a hardship for much more than just the borrowers.

Learn more












 










Tools & Calculators
Access tools for portfolio construction, retirement planning and more

Portfolio Constructions & Analysis

Retirement and Planning Tools

ETF Analysis Tools

View All Tools


Advisor Center
Access the Advisor Center

iRetire®

Model Portfolios

Business Builders

View All Options













 










People of Blackrock
Samara Cohen
Managing Director, U.S. Head of iShares Capital Markets
"We are in very early stages of what I think is the ETF revolution and how ETFs will really transform financial markets."View Profile


People of Blackrock
Andrew Ang
Head of Factor Investing Strategies
"I think factors are going to be transformative but in order for them to be very widespread, we need data and technology."View Profile


People of Blackrock
Bo Lu
Co-Founder and CEO, FutureAdvisor
"At BlackRock, anything is possible. You have an idea in the morning and a plan in motion that afternoon to impact our clients' lives."View Profile










 















 













 




































 


 

 

 

 

 





Products 

Mutual Funds
iShares ETFs
Closed End Funds
Equity
Fixed Income
Multi-Asset
Managed Accounts
Target Date Funds
Variable Insurance Funds
529 College Saving Plans
Alternative Investments
Cash and Liquidity Products
Closed End Funds Resources
Model Portfolios
BlackRock Index Services




Insights 

Featured Insights
Economic Outlook
Fixed Income
Equities
Multi-Asset
Balance Portfolios with Bonds
Rethink Your Income Strategy
Narrow the Growth Gap
Factor Investing
Sustainable Investing




Retirement 

Retirement Fundamentals
BlackRock Retirement Institute




Resources 

Account Access
Forms and Applications
Literature
Share Classes and Loads
Tax Information
Education
Tools and Calculators




Financial Professionals 

Advisor Center
Registered Investment Advisors
Private Banks
Defined Contribution Plans
Institutions
iRetire® by BlackRock
BlackRock Portfolio Solutions


















Contact Us


Terms & Conditions


Privacy Policy


Business Continuity


Press Center


Careers


FINRA BrokerCheck






© 2017 BlackRock, Inc. All rights reserved.






















©2017 BlackRock, Inc. All rights reserved. BLACKROCK, BLACKROCK SOLUTIONS, BUILD ON BLACKROCK, ALADDIN, iSHARES, iBONDS, iRETIRE, iSHARES CONNECT, FUND FRENZY, LIFEPATH, SO WHAT DO I DO WITH MY MONEY, INVESTING FOR A NEW WORLD, BUILT FOR THESE TIMES, the iShares Core Graphic, CoRI and the CoRI logo are registered and unregistered trademarks of BlackRock, Inc., or its subsidiaries in the United States and elsewhere. All other marks are the property of their respective owners.






152781

















BlackRock - Wikipedia





















 






BlackRock

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Blackstone Group. For other uses, see Black Rock (disambiguation).





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (December 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



BlackRock, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as



NYSE: BLK
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry
Investment management


Founded
1988


Headquarters
New York City, New York
U.S.



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Larry Fink
(Chairman and CEO)
Robert Kapito
(President)


Products
Asset management


Revenue
 US$10.95 Billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$3.172 Billion (2016)[1]


AUM
 US$5.7 trillion (2017)[2]


Total assets
 US$220.177 Billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$29.098 Billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

13,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
BlackRock Institutional Trust Company, N.A.
BlackRock Fund Advisors
BlackRock Group Ltd


Website
BlackRock.com


BlackRock, Inc. is an American global investment management corporation based in New York City. Founded in 1988, initially as a risk management and fixed income institutional asset manager, BlackRock is the world's largest asset manager with $5.7 trillion in assets under management as of July 2017.[2] BlackRock operates globally with 70 offices in 30 countries and clients in 100 countries.[3] Due to its power, Blackrock has been called the world's largest shadow bank.[4][5]



Contents


1 History

1.1 1988–1997
1.2 1999–2009
1.3 2010–2017


2 Divisions

2.1 BlackRock Solutions


3 Key people
4 See also
5 Notes
6 Further reading
7 External links



History[edit]
1988–1997[edit]
BlackRock was founded in 1988 by Larry Fink, Robert S. Kapito, Susan Wagner, Barbara Novick, Ben Golub, Hugh Frater, Ralph Schlosstein, and Keith Anderson to provide institutional clients with asset management services from a risk management perspective.[6] Fink, Kapito, Golub and Novick had worked together at First Boston, where Fink and his team were pioneers in the mortgage-backed securities market in the United States.[citation needed] During Fink's tenure, he had lost $100 million as head of First Boston. That experience was the motivation to develop what he and the others considered to be excellent risk management and fiduciary practices. Initially, Fink sought funding (for initial operating capital) from Pete Peterson of The Blackstone Group who believed in Fink's vision of a firm devoted to risk management. Peterson called it Blackstone Financial Management.[citation needed] In exchange for a 50 percent stake in the bond business, initially Blackstone gave Fink and his team a $5 million credit line. Within months, the business had turned profitable, and by 1989 the group's assets had quadrupled to $2.7 billion. The percent of the stake owned by Blackstone also fell to 40%, compared to Fink's staff.
By 1992, Blackstone had a stake equating to about 35% of the company, and Schwarzman and Fink were considering selling shares to the public.[7] The firm adopted the name BlackRock in 1992, and by the end of that year, BlackRock was managing $17 billion in assets. At the end of 1994, BlackRock was managing $53 billion.[8] In 1994, Blackstone Group's Stephen A. Schwarzman and Fink had an internal dispute over methods of compensation[7] and over equity.[citation needed] Fink wanted to share equity with new hires, to lure talent from banks, unlike Schwarzman, who did not want to further lower Blackstone's stake.[7] They agreed to part ways, so the BlackRock partners (Sue Wagner) orchestrated a deal to sell part of the company.[citation needed] In June 1994 Blackstone sold a mortgage-securities unit with $23 billion in assets to PNC Bank Corp. for $240 million. The unit had traded mortgages and other fixed-income assets, and during the sales process the unit changed its name from Blackstone Financial Management to BlackRock Financial Management.[7] Schwarzman remained with Blackstone, while Fink went on to become chairman and CEO of BlackRock Inc.[7] In 1998, PNC’s equity, liquidity, and mutual fund activities were merged into BlackRock.[citation needed]
1999–2009[edit]




BlackRock headquarters in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.


BlackRock went public in 1999 at $14 a share[9] on the New York Stock Exchange.[8] By the end of 1999, BlackRock was managing $165 billion in assets.[8] BlackRock grew both organically and by acquisition. In August 2004, BlackRock made its first major acquisition, buying State Street Research & Management's holding company SSRM Holdings, Inc. from MetLife for $375 million in cash and stock. The acquisition raised BlackRock's assets under management from $314 billion to $325 billion.[10] The deal included the mutual-fund business State Street Research & Management in 2005.[11] BlackRock merged with Merrill Lynch Investment Managers (MLIM) in 2006,[8][12] halving PNC's ownership and giving Merrill Lynch a 49.5% stake in the company.[citation needed] In October 2007, BlackRock acquired the fund-of-funds business of Quellos Capital Management.[13]
The U.S. government contracted with BlackRock to help clean up after the financial meltdown of 2008. According to Vanity Fair, the financial establishment in Washington and on Wall Street believed BlackRock was the best choice for the job.[14] In 2009, BlackRock first became the number 1 asset manager worldwide.[11] In April 2009, BlackRock acquired R3 Capital Management, LLC and took control of the $1.5 billion fund.[15] On 12 June 2009, Barclays sold its Global Investors unit (BGI), which included its exchange traded fund business, iShares, to BlackRock for US$13.5 billion. Through the deal, Barclays attained a near-20% stake in BlackRock.[16] BGI was headquartered in San Francisco, with research and portfolio management teams in London, Sydney, Tokyo, Toronto, and other cities.[citation needed]
2010–2017[edit]
In 2010, Ralph Schlosstein, the CEO of Evercore Partners and a BlackRock founder, called BlackRock "the most influential financial institution in the world."[17] On 1 April 2011, BlackRock replaced Genzyme on the S&P 500 index.[18]
In 2013, Fortune listed BlackRock on its annual list of the world's 50 Most Admired Companies.[11] In 2014, The Economist said that BlackRock's $4 trillion under management made it the "world's biggest asset manager," and it was larger than the world's largest bank, the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China with $3 trillion.[5] In May of the same year, BlackRock invested in Snapdeal.[19]
In December 2014 a BlackRock managing director in London was banned by the British Financial Conduct Authority for "not being a fit and proper" person, because he paid £43,000 to avoid prosecution for dodging train fares. BlackRock said: "Jonathan Burrows left BlackRock earlier this year. What he admitted to the FCA is totally contrary to our values and principles."[20]
At the end of 2014, the Sovereign Wealth Fund Institute reported that 65% of Blackrock's assets under management were made up of institutional investors.[21]
By June 30, 2015, BlackRock had US $4.721 trillion of assets under management.[citation needed] On August 26, 2015, BlackRock entered into a definitive agreement to acquire FutureAdvisor,[22] a digital wealth management provider with reported assets under management of $600 million.[23] Under the deal, FutureAdvisor would operate as a business within BlackRock Solutions (BRS).[22] BlackRock announced in November 2015 that they would wind down the BlackRock Global Ascent hedge fund after losses. The Global Ascent fund had been its only dedicated global macro fund, as BlackRock was "better known for its mutual funds and exchange traded funds." At the time, BlackRock managed $51 billion in hedge funds, with $20 billion of that in funds of hedge funds.[24]
In March 2017, the Financial Times announced that BlackRock, after a six-month review led by Mark Wiseman, had initiated a restructuring of its $8bn actively-managed fund business, resulting in the departure of seven portfolio managers and a $25m charge in Q2, replacing certain funds with quantitative investment strategies.[25] In May 2017, BlackRock increased its stake in both CRH plc and Bank of Ireland.[26] By April 2017, iShares business accounted for $1.41tn, or 26 percent, of BlackRock's total assets under management, and 37 percent of BlackRock’s base fee income.[27] In April 2017, BlackRock backed the inclusion of mainland Chinese shares in MSCI’s global indice for the first time.[28]
Divisions[edit]
BlackRock Solutions[edit]
In 2000, BlackRock launched BlackRock Solutions, the risk management division of BlackRock, Inc. The division grew from the Aladdin System (which is the enterprise investment system), Green Package (which is the Risk Reporting Service) PAG (portfolio analytics) and AnSer (which is the interactive analytics). BlackRock Solutions (BRS) serves two roles within BlackRock. First, BlackRock Solutions is the in-house investment analytics and “process engineering” department for BlackRock which works with their portfolio management teams, risk and quantitative analysis, business operations and every other part of the firm that touches the investment process. Second, BlackRock Solutions (BRS) and the three primary divisions (which include risk management investment platform solutions, FMA, and client solutions) are services that offered to institutional clients. As of 2013, the platform had nearly 2,000 employees.[29]
BlackRock differentiates itself from other asset managers by claiming its risk management is not separate. Risk management is the foundation and cornerstone of the firm's entire platform.[29] Aladdin keeps track of 30,000 investment portfolios, including BlackRock's own along with those of competitors, banks, pension funds, and insurers. According to The Economist, the platform monitors almost 7 percent of the world’s $225 trillion of financial assets.[29]
BlackRock Solutions was retained by the U. S. Treasury Department in May 2009[17] to manage the toxic mortgage assets (i.e. to analyze, unwind, and price) that were owned by Bear Stearns, AIG, Inc., Freddie Mac, Morgan Stanley, and other financial firms that were affected in the 2008 financial crisis.[citation needed]
Key people[edit]

Laurence D. Fink – Founder, Chairman & CEO
Robert S. Kapito – Founder & Co-President
Susan Wagner – Founder, member of the Board of Directors
Simon Chirayath – Vice Chairman
Barbara Novick – Founder, Vice Chairman
Philipp Hildebrand – Vice Chairman
Robert Goldstein – Senior Managing Director, Chief Operating Officer
Gary Shedlin – Senior Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer
Bennett W. Golub – Founder, Senior Managing Director, Chief Risk Officer

See also[edit]


New York portal



List of S&P 500 companies
Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange (B)
List of asset management firms
List of CDO managers
List of companies based in New York City
List of hedge funds
List of mutual-fund families in the United States
Charles Hallac

Notes[edit]


^ a b c d e BlackRock Financials, Yahoo, 2016, retrieved May 8, 2017 
^ a b "Forbes - About Us". July 18, 2017. Retrieved July 26, 2017. 
^ BlackRock's Current Share Price Doesn't Capture Its Long-Term Growth Prospects - Contacts and Office Locations, Forbes, retrieved July 26, 2017 
^ "Die grösste Schattenbank der Welt". Basler Zeitung. November 20, 2012. Retrieved May 8, 2017. 
^ a b "Shadow and substance". The Economist. May 10, 2014. Retrieved May 8, 2017. 
^ "BlackRock". Fund Strategy. Retrieved 22 December 2015. 
^ a b c d e "Schwarzman Says Selling BlackRock Was ‘Heroic’ Mistake". Bloomberg.com. September 30, 2013. Retrieved 17 November 2016. 
^ a b c d History, BlackRock, retrieved May 9, 2017 
^ "Corporate History". Archived from the original on May 17, 2012. Retrieved 2014-03-22. 
^ Eric Hazard (February 8, 2006). "BlackRock Acquiring State Street Research from MetLife". plansponsor.com. 
^ a b c "BlackRock: The $4.3 trillion force". Fortune. July 7, 2014. Retrieved May 9, 2017. 
^ "BlackRock and a hard place". The Economist. February 16, 2006. Retrieved May 9, 2017. 
^ "BlackRock to Acquire Fund of Funds Business from Quellos Group, LLC" (PDF). 2007-06-26.  BlackRock, Inc.
^ Andrews, Suzanna. Larry Fink’s $12 Trillion Shadow, Vanity Fair, April 2010: "There is little doubt among the financial establishment in Washington and on Wall Street that BlackRock was the best choice to handle the government’s problems."
^ "BlackRock to Acquire R3 Capital". The New York Times. April 17, 2009. Retrieved May 9, 2017. 
^ "US giant BlackRock buys arm of Barclays bank | The Guardian.". The Guardian. UK. Press Association. 12 June 2009. Retrieved 21 February 2010. 
^ a b Kolhatkar, Sheelah (December 9, 2010). "Fink Builds BlackRock Powerhouse Without Goldman Sachs Backlash". Bloomberg. Retrieved April 20, 2013. 
^ "BlackRock to join S&P 500 index, replacing Genzyme". Bloomberg Businessweek. 2011-03-29. Archived from the original on 2012-10-26.  Retrieved January 23, 2012.
^ "Snapdeal raises $100M in fresh funding from BlackRock, Temasek, PremjiInvest, others". VC Circle. 
^ "FCA Life Ban For Fare-Dodging Jonathan Burrows". Sky News. 15 December 2014. Retrieved 15 December 2014. 
^ "Is BlackRock Too Big". Sovereign Wealth Fund Institute. n.d. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ a b "BlackRock to Acquire FutureAdvisor". BlackRock Press Releases. BlackRock. Retrieved 26 August 2015. 
^ Tepper, Fitz (24 June 2015). "YC Alum FutureAdvisor Is Now Managing $600 Million In Assets". TechCrunch. Retrieved 12 September 2015. 
^ Stevenson, Alexandra (2015-11-18). "BlackRock to Wind Down Macro Hedge Fund". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-11-19. 
^ "BlackRock cuts ranks of stockpicking fund managers". Financial Times. 27 March 2017. Retrieved 30 March 2017. 
^ Hamilton, Peter (May 8, 2017). "BlackRock increases stakes in CRH and Bank of Ireland". Irish Times. Retrieved May 8, 2017. 
^ Foley, Stephen (April 19, 2017). "BlackRock assets under management hit $5.4tn on record ETF inflows". Financial Times. Retrieved May 10, 2017. 
^ Hughes, Jennifer (April 20, 2017). "BlackRock backs mainland China shares for MSCI benchmarks". Financial Times. Retrieved May 10, 2017. 
^ a b c Briefing: BlackRock - The Monolith And The Markets, The Economist, December 7, 2013, pp. 24-26.


Further reading[edit]

Brooker, Katrina (October 29, 2008). "Can this man save Wall Street?". Fortune. 
Foley, Stephen (April 2, 2017). "BlackRock’s active funds navigate rough seas". Financial Times. 

External links[edit]

Official BlackRock website



Business data for BlackRock: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings



BlackRock Global Cash Management website







v
t
e


PNC Financial Services Group






Founded in 1852
Based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania





Subsidiaries



PNC Bank
Harris Williams & Co.
BlackRock (Co-owned with Bank of America and Barclays)





Services



Virtual Wallet
Christmas Price Index





Predecessor banks



Alabama National
Pittsburgh National Bank
Integra Bank (via National City)
Riggs Bank
National City Corp. (details)
BankAtlantic (Central Florida locations)
RBC Bank





Naming rights



Tower at PNC Plaza
One PNC Plaza
One Tampa City Center
Two PNC Plaza
Three PNC Plaza
PNC Bank Building (Philadelphia)
PNC Bank Building (Toledo)
PNC Plaza
PNC Plaza (Raleigh)
PNC Tower
PNC Center (Cincinnati)
PNC Center (Cleveland)
PNC Center (Fort Lauderdale)
PNC Center (Akron)
PNC Park
PNC Field
PNC Bank Arts Center
PNC Arena





Related articles



National Banking Act
Troubled Asset Relief Program










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=BlackRock&oldid=792456715"					
Categories: BlackRock1988 establishments in New YorkCompanies based in ManhattanCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFinancial services companies based in New York CityFinancial services companies established in 1988Investment management companies of the United StatesMultinational companies based in New York CityMutual fund familiesPublicly traded companies based in New York CityHidden categories: Articles needing additional references from December 2015All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AlemannischDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoLietuviųNederlands日本語PortuguêsРусскийSvenskaTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 16:50.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.






















Financial Planning & Investment Management | BlackRock























































 



 
 


WHO WE ARE
BlackRock is trusted to manage more money than any other investment manager in the world, helping millions of people and the world’s biggest institutions and governments reach their investing goals.
Source: BlackRock. Based on $5.4 trillion in AUM as of 3/31/17





 BLACKROCK

BLACKROCK

 


 Mutual Funds

Mutual Funds

 

 iShares ETFs

iShares ETFs

 

 Closed-End Funds

Closed-End Funds

 

 Insights

Insights

 

 Advisor Center

Advisor Center

 

 Retirement

Retirement

 

 Investing Blog

Investing Blog

 




 iSHARES

iSHARES

 


 Find an ETF

Find an ETF

 

 About ETFs

About ETFs

 

 Why ETFs

Why ETFs

 




 OUR FIRM

OUR FIRM

 


 About Us

About Us

 

 Newsroom 

Newsroom 

 

 Investor Relations

Investor Relations

 

 Public Policy

Public Policy

 

 Responsibility

Responsibility

 

 Careers

Careers

 

 Contact Us

Contact Us

 




 INSTITUTIONS

INSTITUTIONS

 


 Insights

Insights

 

 Our Clients

Our Clients

 




 BLACKROCK SOLUTIONS

BLACKROCK SOLUTIONS

 


 Aladdin

Aladdin

 

 Financial Markets Advisory

Financial Markets Advisory

 

 Engineering Blog

Engineering Blog

 





FOLLOW US 


 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 












 Our Company and Sites








 United States

 



Select Country 



  United States


 Australia
 

 België
 

 Brasil
 

 Canada
 

 Chile
 

 China
 

 Colombia
 

 Danmark
 

 Deutschland
 

 Dubai (IFC)
 

 España
 

 France
 



 Hong Kong
 

 India
 

 Ísland
 

 Israel
 

 Italia
 

 Japan - 日本
 

 Korea - 한국
 

 Latin America & Iberia
 

 Magyarország
 

 México
 

 Nederland
 

 Norge
 



 Õsterreich
 

 Polska
 

 Portugal
 

 Singapore
 

 South Africa
 

 Suomi
 

 Sverige
 

 Schweiz
 

 Taiwan
 

 United Kingdom
 

 United States
 

 Location Not Listed?
 



 




Sign In 
 

Financial Professionals

BlackRock Site

 
Advisor Central at BNY Mellon

 

Individual Investors

Marketing Subscriptions

 
Mutual Fund & 529 Accounts

 

Institutional Investors

Institutional Client Login Sites

 


 See more accounts

 


















 
 


Products 



Insights 



Retirement 



Resources 



Financial Professionals 
















BY TYPE
Mutual FundsiShares ETFsClosed End Funds 



BY ASSET Class
EquityFixed IncomeMulti-Asset 



MORE PRODUCTS & RESOURCES
Managed AccountsTarget Date FundsVariable Insurance Funds529 College Saving PlansAlternative InvestmentsCash and Liquidity ProductsClosed End Funds ResourcesModel PortfoliosBlackRock Index Services 






FEATURED PRODUCT
 

 
Strategic Income Opportunities Fund











BY TYPE
Featured InsightsEconomic OutlookFixed IncomeEquitiesMulti-Asset 



INVESTMENT IDEAS
Balance Portfolios with BondsRethink Your Income StrategyNarrow the Growth GapFactor InvestingSustainable Investing 






FEATURED INSIGHTS
 

 
BlackRock Investment Institute











PLANNING
Retirement Fundamentals 



RESEARCH & INSIGHTS
BlackRock Retirement Institute 






FEATURED RESOURCE
 

 
Reframe the retirement problem
Financial advisors only











ACCOUNT ACCESS & FORMS
Account AccessForms and Applications 



MORE RESOURCES
LiteratureShare Classes and LoadsTax InformationEducationTools and Calculators 






FEATURED TOOL
 

 
Morningstar Hypothetical Tool 
Portfolio comparison for advisors











PROFESSIONALS
Advisor CenterRegistered Investment AdvisorsPrivate BanksDefined Contribution PlansInstitutions 



EXCLUSIVE RESOURCES
iRetire® by BlackRockBlackRock Portfolio Solutions 







NAVIGATING THE DOL FIDUCIARY RULE

Resources for building better portfolios after the rule
















































 
 
























Select country 


Select country 
























 






Midyear Investment Outlook
Shifting to sustained expansion
The BlackRock Investment Institute explores why risk assets could continue to thrive as the cycle advances.
 Read report

Read report

 

Explore BlackRock


 Core investment portfolio

Core investment portfolio

 

 Minimum volatility portfolio

Minimum volatility portfolio

 

 Retirement portfolio

Retirement portfolio

 

 College savings plan

College savings plan

 










 

Find a fund






























or

Select Product Type

 Mutual Funds

Mutual Funds

 Closed-End Funds

Closed-End Funds

 iShares ETFs

iShares ETFs

 Alternative Investments

Alternative Investments

 









 

















Global Weekly Commentary
The case for Japanese equities
July 24 / Richard Turnill
We see further strength in Japanese equities after their recent rally. Read why in our weekly commentary. Read more









GLOBAL ALLOCATION INSIGHT
Why security selection matters
Jul 19 / Dan Chamby, CFA
With the emergence of more winners and losers in the market, investors may benefit from differentiated exposure.Learn more




Social
How a focus on income generation can drive portfolio performance
@BlackRock




















 










FEATURED CHART
The economic side effects of the student loan crisis

June 28 / Rick Rieder
A college degree is still a must today; those without higher education face higher unemployment rates and lower earnings power. But the high cost of a degree is discouraging, especially to those who cannot afford college without loans in the first place. This could leave some unprepared for the workplace, worsening the class divide. The student loan crisis is a hardship for much more than just the borrowers.

Learn more












 










Tools & Calculators
Access tools for portfolio construction, retirement planning and more

Portfolio Constructions & Analysis

Retirement and Planning Tools

ETF Analysis Tools

View All Tools


Advisor Center
Access the Advisor Center

iRetire®

Model Portfolios

Business Builders

View All Options













 










People of Blackrock
Samara Cohen
Managing Director, U.S. Head of iShares Capital Markets
"We are in very early stages of what I think is the ETF revolution and how ETFs will really transform financial markets."View Profile


People of Blackrock
Andrew Ang
Head of Factor Investing Strategies
"I think factors are going to be transformative but in order for them to be very widespread, we need data and technology."View Profile


People of Blackrock
Bo Lu
Co-Founder and CEO, FutureAdvisor
"At BlackRock, anything is possible. You have an idea in the morning and a plan in motion that afternoon to impact our clients' lives."View Profile










 















 













 




































 


 

 

 

 

 





Products 

Mutual Funds
iShares ETFs
Closed End Funds
Equity
Fixed Income
Multi-Asset
Managed Accounts
Target Date Funds
Variable Insurance Funds
529 College Saving Plans
Alternative Investments
Cash and Liquidity Products
Closed End Funds Resources
Model Portfolios
BlackRock Index Services




Insights 

Featured Insights
Economic Outlook
Fixed Income
Equities
Multi-Asset
Balance Portfolios with Bonds
Rethink Your Income Strategy
Narrow the Growth Gap
Factor Investing
Sustainable Investing




Retirement 

Retirement Fundamentals
BlackRock Retirement Institute




Resources 

Account Access
Forms and Applications
Literature
Share Classes and Loads
Tax Information
Education
Tools and Calculators




Financial Professionals 

Advisor Center
Registered Investment Advisors
Private Banks
Defined Contribution Plans
Institutions
iRetire® by BlackRock
BlackRock Portfolio Solutions


















Contact Us


Terms & Conditions


Privacy Policy


Business Continuity


Press Center


Careers


FINRA BrokerCheck






© 2017 BlackRock, Inc. All rights reserved.






















©2017 BlackRock, Inc. All rights reserved. BLACKROCK, BLACKROCK SOLUTIONS, BUILD ON BLACKROCK, ALADDIN, iSHARES, iBONDS, iRETIRE, iSHARES CONNECT, FUND FRENZY, LIFEPATH, SO WHAT DO I DO WITH MY MONEY, INVESTING FOR A NEW WORLD, BUILT FOR THESE TIMES, the iShares Core Graphic, CoRI and the CoRI logo are registered and unregistered trademarks of BlackRock, Inc., or its subsidiaries in the United States and elsewhere. All other marks are the property of their respective owners.






152781

















BlackRock - Wikipedia





















 






BlackRock

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Blackstone Group. For other uses, see Black Rock (disambiguation).





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (December 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



BlackRock, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as



NYSE: BLK
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry
Investment management


Founded
1988


Headquarters
New York City, New York
U.S.



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Larry Fink
(Chairman and CEO)
Robert Kapito
(President)


Products
Asset management


Revenue
 US$10.95 Billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$3.172 Billion (2016)[1]


AUM
 US$5.7 trillion (2017)[2]


Total assets
 US$220.177 Billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$29.098 Billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

13,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
BlackRock Institutional Trust Company, N.A.
BlackRock Fund Advisors
BlackRock Group Ltd


Website
BlackRock.com


BlackRock, Inc. is an American global investment management corporation based in New York City. Founded in 1988, initially as a risk management and fixed income institutional asset manager, BlackRock is the world's largest asset manager with $5.7 trillion in assets under management as of July 2017.[2] BlackRock operates globally with 70 offices in 30 countries and clients in 100 countries.[3] Due to its power, Blackrock has been called the world's largest shadow bank.[4][5]



Contents


1 History

1.1 1988–1997
1.2 1999–2009
1.3 2010–2017


2 Divisions

2.1 BlackRock Solutions


3 Key people
4 See also
5 Notes
6 Further reading
7 External links



History[edit]
1988–1997[edit]
BlackRock was founded in 1988 by Larry Fink, Robert S. Kapito, Susan Wagner, Barbara Novick, Ben Golub, Hugh Frater, Ralph Schlosstein, and Keith Anderson to provide institutional clients with asset management services from a risk management perspective.[6] Fink, Kapito, Golub and Novick had worked together at First Boston, where Fink and his team were pioneers in the mortgage-backed securities market in the United States.[citation needed] During Fink's tenure, he had lost $100 million as head of First Boston. That experience was the motivation to develop what he and the others considered to be excellent risk management and fiduciary practices. Initially, Fink sought funding (for initial operating capital) from Pete Peterson of The Blackstone Group who believed in Fink's vision of a firm devoted to risk management. Peterson called it Blackstone Financial Management.[citation needed] In exchange for a 50 percent stake in the bond business, initially Blackstone gave Fink and his team a $5 million credit line. Within months, the business had turned profitable, and by 1989 the group's assets had quadrupled to $2.7 billion. The percent of the stake owned by Blackstone also fell to 40%, compared to Fink's staff.
By 1992, Blackstone had a stake equating to about 35% of the company, and Schwarzman and Fink were considering selling shares to the public.[7] The firm adopted the name BlackRock in 1992, and by the end of that year, BlackRock was managing $17 billion in assets. At the end of 1994, BlackRock was managing $53 billion.[8] In 1994, Blackstone Group's Stephen A. Schwarzman and Fink had an internal dispute over methods of compensation[7] and over equity.[citation needed] Fink wanted to share equity with new hires, to lure talent from banks, unlike Schwarzman, who did not want to further lower Blackstone's stake.[7] They agreed to part ways, so the BlackRock partners (Sue Wagner) orchestrated a deal to sell part of the company.[citation needed] In June 1994 Blackstone sold a mortgage-securities unit with $23 billion in assets to PNC Bank Corp. for $240 million. The unit had traded mortgages and other fixed-income assets, and during the sales process the unit changed its name from Blackstone Financial Management to BlackRock Financial Management.[7] Schwarzman remained with Blackstone, while Fink went on to become chairman and CEO of BlackRock Inc.[7] In 1998, PNC’s equity, liquidity, and mutual fund activities were merged into BlackRock.[citation needed]
1999–2009[edit]




BlackRock headquarters in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.


BlackRock went public in 1999 at $14 a share[9] on the New York Stock Exchange.[8] By the end of 1999, BlackRock was managing $165 billion in assets.[8] BlackRock grew both organically and by acquisition. In August 2004, BlackRock made its first major acquisition, buying State Street Research & Management's holding company SSRM Holdings, Inc. from MetLife for $375 million in cash and stock. The acquisition raised BlackRock's assets under management from $314 billion to $325 billion.[10] The deal included the mutual-fund business State Street Research & Management in 2005.[11] BlackRock merged with Merrill Lynch Investment Managers (MLIM) in 2006,[8][12] halving PNC's ownership and giving Merrill Lynch a 49.5% stake in the company.[citation needed] In October 2007, BlackRock acquired the fund-of-funds business of Quellos Capital Management.[13]
The U.S. government contracted with BlackRock to help clean up after the financial meltdown of 2008. According to Vanity Fair, the financial establishment in Washington and on Wall Street believed BlackRock was the best choice for the job.[14] In 2009, BlackRock first became the number 1 asset manager worldwide.[11] In April 2009, BlackRock acquired R3 Capital Management, LLC and took control of the $1.5 billion fund.[15] On 12 June 2009, Barclays sold its Global Investors unit (BGI), which included its exchange traded fund business, iShares, to BlackRock for US$13.5 billion. Through the deal, Barclays attained a near-20% stake in BlackRock.[16] BGI was headquartered in San Francisco, with research and portfolio management teams in London, Sydney, Tokyo, Toronto, and other cities.[citation needed]
2010–2017[edit]
In 2010, Ralph Schlosstein, the CEO of Evercore Partners and a BlackRock founder, called BlackRock "the most influential financial institution in the world."[17] On 1 April 2011, BlackRock replaced Genzyme on the S&P 500 index.[18]
In 2013, Fortune listed BlackRock on its annual list of the world's 50 Most Admired Companies.[11] In 2014, The Economist said that BlackRock's $4 trillion under management made it the "world's biggest asset manager," and it was larger than the world's largest bank, the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China with $3 trillion.[5] In May of the same year, BlackRock invested in Snapdeal.[19]
In December 2014 a BlackRock managing director in London was banned by the British Financial Conduct Authority for "not being a fit and proper" person, because he paid £43,000 to avoid prosecution for dodging train fares. BlackRock said: "Jonathan Burrows left BlackRock earlier this year. What he admitted to the FCA is totally contrary to our values and principles."[20]
At the end of 2014, the Sovereign Wealth Fund Institute reported that 65% of Blackrock's assets under management were made up of institutional investors.[21]
By June 30, 2015, BlackRock had US $4.721 trillion of assets under management.[citation needed] On August 26, 2015, BlackRock entered into a definitive agreement to acquire FutureAdvisor,[22] a digital wealth management provider with reported assets under management of $600 million.[23] Under the deal, FutureAdvisor would operate as a business within BlackRock Solutions (BRS).[22] BlackRock announced in November 2015 that they would wind down the BlackRock Global Ascent hedge fund after losses. The Global Ascent fund had been its only dedicated global macro fund, as BlackRock was "better known for its mutual funds and exchange traded funds." At the time, BlackRock managed $51 billion in hedge funds, with $20 billion of that in funds of hedge funds.[24]
In March 2017, the Financial Times announced that BlackRock, after a six-month review led by Mark Wiseman, had initiated a restructuring of its $8bn actively-managed fund business, resulting in the departure of seven portfolio managers and a $25m charge in Q2, replacing certain funds with quantitative investment strategies.[25] In May 2017, BlackRock increased its stake in both CRH plc and Bank of Ireland.[26] By April 2017, iShares business accounted for $1.41tn, or 26 percent, of BlackRock's total assets under management, and 37 percent of BlackRock’s base fee income.[27] In April 2017, BlackRock backed the inclusion of mainland Chinese shares in MSCI’s global indice for the first time.[28]
Divisions[edit]
BlackRock Solutions[edit]
In 2000, BlackRock launched BlackRock Solutions, the risk management division of BlackRock, Inc. The division grew from the Aladdin System (which is the enterprise investment system), Green Package (which is the Risk Reporting Service) PAG (portfolio analytics) and AnSer (which is the interactive analytics). BlackRock Solutions (BRS) serves two roles within BlackRock. First, BlackRock Solutions is the in-house investment analytics and “process engineering” department for BlackRock which works with their portfolio management teams, risk and quantitative analysis, business operations and every other part of the firm that touches the investment process. Second, BlackRock Solutions (BRS) and the three primary divisions (which include risk management investment platform solutions, FMA, and client solutions) are services that offered to institutional clients. As of 2013, the platform had nearly 2,000 employees.[29]
BlackRock differentiates itself from other asset managers by claiming its risk management is not separate. Risk management is the foundation and cornerstone of the firm's entire platform.[29] Aladdin keeps track of 30,000 investment portfolios, including BlackRock's own along with those of competitors, banks, pension funds, and insurers. According to The Economist, the platform monitors almost 7 percent of the world’s $225 trillion of financial assets.[29]
BlackRock Solutions was retained by the U. S. Treasury Department in May 2009[17] to manage the toxic mortgage assets (i.e. to analyze, unwind, and price) that were owned by Bear Stearns, AIG, Inc., Freddie Mac, Morgan Stanley, and other financial firms that were affected in the 2008 financial crisis.[citation needed]
Key people[edit]

Laurence D. Fink – Founder, Chairman & CEO
Robert S. Kapito – Founder & Co-President
Susan Wagner – Founder, member of the Board of Directors
Simon Chirayath – Vice Chairman
Barbara Novick – Founder, Vice Chairman
Philipp Hildebrand – Vice Chairman
Robert Goldstein – Senior Managing Director, Chief Operating Officer
Gary Shedlin – Senior Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer
Bennett W. Golub – Founder, Senior Managing Director, Chief Risk Officer

See also[edit]


New York portal



List of S&P 500 companies
Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange (B)
List of asset management firms
List of CDO managers
List of companies based in New York City
List of hedge funds
List of mutual-fund families in the United States
Charles Hallac

Notes[edit]


^ a b c d e BlackRock Financials, Yahoo, 2016, retrieved May 8, 2017 
^ a b "Forbes - About Us". July 18, 2017. Retrieved July 26, 2017. 
^ BlackRock's Current Share Price Doesn't Capture Its Long-Term Growth Prospects - Contacts and Office Locations, Forbes, retrieved July 26, 2017 
^ "Die grösste Schattenbank der Welt". Basler Zeitung. November 20, 2012. Retrieved May 8, 2017. 
^ a b "Shadow and substance". The Economist. May 10, 2014. Retrieved May 8, 2017. 
^ "BlackRock". Fund Strategy. Retrieved 22 December 2015. 
^ a b c d e "Schwarzman Says Selling BlackRock Was ‘Heroic’ Mistake". Bloomberg.com. September 30, 2013. Retrieved 17 November 2016. 
^ a b c d History, BlackRock, retrieved May 9, 2017 
^ "Corporate History". Archived from the original on May 17, 2012. Retrieved 2014-03-22. 
^ Eric Hazard (February 8, 2006). "BlackRock Acquiring State Street Research from MetLife". plansponsor.com. 
^ a b c "BlackRock: The $4.3 trillion force". Fortune. July 7, 2014. Retrieved May 9, 2017. 
^ "BlackRock and a hard place". The Economist. February 16, 2006. Retrieved May 9, 2017. 
^ "BlackRock to Acquire Fund of Funds Business from Quellos Group, LLC" (PDF). 2007-06-26.  BlackRock, Inc.
^ Andrews, Suzanna. Larry Fink’s $12 Trillion Shadow, Vanity Fair, April 2010: "There is little doubt among the financial establishment in Washington and on Wall Street that BlackRock was the best choice to handle the government’s problems."
^ "BlackRock to Acquire R3 Capital". The New York Times. April 17, 2009. Retrieved May 9, 2017. 
^ "US giant BlackRock buys arm of Barclays bank | The Guardian.". The Guardian. UK. Press Association. 12 June 2009. Retrieved 21 February 2010. 
^ a b Kolhatkar, Sheelah (December 9, 2010). "Fink Builds BlackRock Powerhouse Without Goldman Sachs Backlash". Bloomberg. Retrieved April 20, 2013. 
^ "BlackRock to join S&P 500 index, replacing Genzyme". Bloomberg Businessweek. 2011-03-29. Archived from the original on 2012-10-26.  Retrieved January 23, 2012.
^ "Snapdeal raises $100M in fresh funding from BlackRock, Temasek, PremjiInvest, others". VC Circle. 
^ "FCA Life Ban For Fare-Dodging Jonathan Burrows". Sky News. 15 December 2014. Retrieved 15 December 2014. 
^ "Is BlackRock Too Big". Sovereign Wealth Fund Institute. n.d. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ a b "BlackRock to Acquire FutureAdvisor". BlackRock Press Releases. BlackRock. Retrieved 26 August 2015. 
^ Tepper, Fitz (24 June 2015). "YC Alum FutureAdvisor Is Now Managing $600 Million In Assets". TechCrunch. Retrieved 12 September 2015. 
^ Stevenson, Alexandra (2015-11-18). "BlackRock to Wind Down Macro Hedge Fund". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-11-19. 
^ "BlackRock cuts ranks of stockpicking fund managers". Financial Times. 27 March 2017. Retrieved 30 March 2017. 
^ Hamilton, Peter (May 8, 2017). "BlackRock increases stakes in CRH and Bank of Ireland". Irish Times. Retrieved May 8, 2017. 
^ Foley, Stephen (April 19, 2017). "BlackRock assets under management hit $5.4tn on record ETF inflows". Financial Times. Retrieved May 10, 2017. 
^ Hughes, Jennifer (April 20, 2017). "BlackRock backs mainland China shares for MSCI benchmarks". Financial Times. Retrieved May 10, 2017. 
^ a b c Briefing: BlackRock - The Monolith And The Markets, The Economist, December 7, 2013, pp. 24-26.


Further reading[edit]

Brooker, Katrina (October 29, 2008). "Can this man save Wall Street?". Fortune. 
Foley, Stephen (April 2, 2017). "BlackRock’s active funds navigate rough seas". Financial Times. 

External links[edit]

Official BlackRock website



Business data for BlackRock: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings



BlackRock Global Cash Management website







v
t
e


PNC Financial Services Group






Founded in 1852
Based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania





Subsidiaries



PNC Bank
Harris Williams & Co.
BlackRock (Co-owned with Bank of America and Barclays)





Services



Virtual Wallet
Christmas Price Index





Predecessor banks



Alabama National
Pittsburgh National Bank
Integra Bank (via National City)
Riggs Bank
National City Corp. (details)
BankAtlantic (Central Florida locations)
RBC Bank





Naming rights



Tower at PNC Plaza
One PNC Plaza
One Tampa City Center
Two PNC Plaza
Three PNC Plaza
PNC Bank Building (Philadelphia)
PNC Bank Building (Toledo)
PNC Plaza
PNC Plaza (Raleigh)
PNC Tower
PNC Center (Cincinnati)
PNC Center (Cleveland)
PNC Center (Fort Lauderdale)
PNC Center (Akron)
PNC Park
PNC Field
PNC Bank Arts Center
PNC Arena





Related articles



National Banking Act
Troubled Asset Relief Program










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=BlackRock&oldid=792456715"					
Categories: BlackRock1988 establishments in New YorkCompanies based in ManhattanCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFinancial services companies based in New York CityFinancial services companies established in 1988Investment management companies of the United StatesMultinational companies based in New York CityMutual fund familiesPublicly traded companies based in New York CityHidden categories: Articles needing additional references from December 2015All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AlemannischDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoLietuviųNederlands日本語PortuguêsРусскийSvenskaTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 16:50.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






















BlackRock® (@blackrock) | Twitter



























Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.






Moments
Moments
Moments, current page.






Search query



Search Twitter









Searches you follow






    Follow
  

    Following
  

    Unfollow
  






Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                











































      BlackRock®Verified account



@blackrock












Tweets
Tweets, current page.
12.6K
            



Following
Following
876



Followers
Followers
334K



Likes
Likes
113

 
 
More 







Likes






Unmute @blackrock

Mute @blackrock



Follow


    Following
  

    Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  






















BlackRock®Verified account



@blackrock


Official US BlackRock® Twitter. Follow us for timely perspectives on the markets. Important disclosures: http://bit.ly/17XHCyc 







 
    blackrockblog.com
  




Joined March 2009












                
                1,521 Photos and videos
            

            Photos and videos
          



















Tweets


Tweets
Tweets, current page.



                  Tweets & replies
                



                  Media
                





You blocked @blackrock
Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @blackrock
Yes, view profile






Close




            
            BlackRock® followed
        

























BlackRock®‏Verified account @blackrock

2h2 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







We’re live on @dailymuse with our #UK, #HongKong & #India office profiles! Hear from our employees about life at BLK http://muse.cm/2uZkzUp pic.twitter.com/0DUkjjXmpA
















0 replies




4 retweets




5 likes








Reply










Retweet


4




Retweeted


4








Like


5





Liked


5










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













BlackRock®‏Verified account @blackrock

10h10 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Learn how these 5 #tech stocks are dominating the S&P 500 Index. http://bit.ly/2tJlOrx pic.twitter.com/Yw87ZFul5N
















0 replies




8 retweets




10 likes








Reply










Retweet


8




Retweeted


8








Like


10





Liked


10










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










BlackRock® Retweeted
            







iShares‏Verified account @iShares

12h12 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







3 ways #ETFs have revolutionized the bond market http://bit.ly/2uBzd24 pic.twitter.com/TqrjDvUKX6
















0 replies




6 retweets




14 likes








Reply










Retweet


6




Retweeted


6








Like


14





Liked


14










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










BlackRock® Retweeted
            







CEOAction‏ @CEOAction

Jul 25






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#CEOAction announces that 250+ CEOs have pledged to take real action towards #diversity & #inclusion http://triplepundit.com/2017/07/over-2 …









2 replies




17 retweets




23 likes








Reply


2







Retweet


17




Retweeted


17








Like


23





Liked


23










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













BlackRock®‏Verified account @blackrock

Jul 25






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#Diversity & inclusion? It's a global business imperative. We're proud to be challenging the status quo: http://bit.ly/2s7Q4bq  #CEOActionpic.twitter.com/Er38PQbA4c
















0 replies




5 retweets




9 likes








Reply










Retweet


5




Retweeted


5








Like


9





Liked


9










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










BlackRock® Retweeted
            







Global Response‏ @GlobalResponse

Jul 25






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Thanks to our partner @blackrock for matching $1 million in donations to help #FightFamine in #Africa and #Yemen! http://www.globalemergencyresponse.org pic.twitter.com/HkhzE7QqbC














BlackRock®






0 replies




11 retweets




23 likes








Reply










Retweet


11




Retweeted


11








Like


23





Liked


23










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













BlackRock®‏Verified account @blackrock

Jul 24






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Wonder what it's like to work in our #NYC headquarters? Take a look around our office and meet some of our employees http://muse.cm/2utnaDV pic.twitter.com/TCZbY45TKB
















0 replies




5 retweets




15 likes








Reply










Retweet


5




Retweeted


5








Like


15





Liked


15










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













BlackRock®‏Verified account @blackrock

Jul 24






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Japanese equities are approaching peaks they've previously struggled to climb over. We see reasons for optimism: http://bit.ly/2r9rlG7 pic.twitter.com/Bzvg6vm51u
















0 replies




17 retweets




18 likes








Reply










Retweet


17




Retweeted


17








Like


18





Liked


18










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













BlackRock®‏Verified account @blackrock

Jul 24






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Markets have been sensitive to #inflation reports, but could this obsession with short-term data be overly zealous? http://bit.ly/2tNrko0 pic.twitter.com/X3pZcFO1uM
















0 replies




2 retweets




6 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


6





Liked


6










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










BlackRock® Retweeted
            







Global Response‏ @GlobalResponse

Jul 23






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







“The magnitude of this humanitarian crisis demands cooperation & action.” Laurence Fink, @blackrock CEO. http://www.globalemergencyresponse.org pic.twitter.com/DslnHgakgi
















1 reply




28 retweets




52 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


28




Retweeted


28








Like


52





Liked


52










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













BlackRock®‏Verified account @blackrock

Jul 24






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Last week our @hackthehood students were paired up with local small businesses in #SF to help build company websites.pic.twitter.com/L3PHWaEDAC



































0 replies




1 retweet




6 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


6





Liked


6










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










BlackRock® Retweeted
            







Global Response‏ @GlobalResponse

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Proud to ring the @NYSE Closing Bell & raise awareness for 20MM on the brink of starvation. WATCH & RT: https://livestream.com/accounts/1160789/events/7601143/player?width=800&height=450&enableInfoAndActivity=true&defaultDrawer=feed&autoPlay=true&mute=false … #FightFamine









1 reply




13 retweets




15 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


13




Retweeted


13








Like


15





Liked


15










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













BlackRock®‏Verified account @blackrock

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Proud to join @globalresponse and partners today to ring the #ClosingBell @NYSE #FightFaminepic.twitter.com/JlAxrbXwIK
















0 replies




4 retweets




10 likes








Reply










Retweet


4




Retweeted


4








Like


10





Liked


10










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













BlackRock®‏Verified account @blackrock

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Why the Bank of England is facing a different problem than other major developed market central banks: http://bit.ly/2vrYE68 pic.twitter.com/SoV53FKyor
















0 replies




5 retweets




8 likes








Reply










Retweet


5




Retweeted


5








Like


8





Liked


8










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













BlackRock®‏Verified account @blackrock

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Last week our #BlackRock summer #interns competed in the final round of their #hackathon #FlashbackFridaypic.twitter.com/8QervuopNh
















0 replies




2 retweets




7 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


7





Liked


7










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










BlackRock® Retweeted
            







IRC Intl Rescue Comm‏Verified account @theIRC

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Honored to ring @NYSE closing bell today w @Visa @blackrock @Twitter @PepsiCo to #FightFamine. Watch live at 4PM ET: http://bit.ly/2uH9fg4 





0 replies




3 retweets




10 likes








Reply










Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like


10





Liked


10










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













BlackRock®‏Verified account @blackrock

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#BlackRock's Rick Rieder says @nyfedresearch is spot on re: how rising student debt is headwind to home ownership: http://nyfed.org/2gPQ2mJ 





0 replies




8 retweets




12 likes








Reply










Retweet


8




Retweeted


8








Like


12





Liked


12










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










BlackRock® Retweeted
            







Indra Nooyi‏Verified account @IndraNooyi

Jul 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







    Replying to @IndraNooyi


As a global community, we must support those who need it most. @PepsiCo is honored to #FightFamine with @blackrock @Visa @Google @Twitter.





4 replies




21 retweets




55 likes








Reply


4







Retweet


21




Retweeted


21








Like


55





Liked


55










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













BlackRock®‏Verified account @blackrock

Jul 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Our #NYC summer #interns on the way to  Governor's Island for a #philanthropy day of gardening earlier this month #ThrowbackThursdaypic.twitter.com/ddrHQLm8d4
















0 replies




1 retweet




12 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


12





Liked


12










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













BlackRock®‏Verified account @blackrock

Jul 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Could a #policy shift send the #market adrift? Read our thoughts here: http://bit.ly/2uJdojL  #WednesdayWisdompic.twitter.com/RkwaPoB4SO
















0 replies




3 retweets




9 likes








Reply










Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like


9





Liked


9










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo












          @blackrock hasn't Tweeted yet.
      
Back to top ↑












Loading seems to be taking a while.

      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.
    

















      New to Twitter?
    


    Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline!
  

Sign up




You may also like
    ·
    Refresh








false












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info




















Close




            
            Choose a trend location
          






















Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Searches you follow






    Follow
  

    Following
  

    Unfollow
  






Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user

























BlackRock - Wikipedia





















 






BlackRock

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Blackstone Group. For other uses, see Black Rock (disambiguation).





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (December 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



BlackRock, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as



NYSE: BLK
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry
Investment management


Founded
1988


Headquarters
New York City, New York
U.S.



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Larry Fink
(Chairman and CEO)
Robert Kapito
(President)


Products
Asset management


Revenue
 US$10.95 Billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$3.172 Billion (2016)[1]


AUM
 US$5.7 trillion (2017)[2]


Total assets
 US$220.177 Billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$29.098 Billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

13,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
BlackRock Institutional Trust Company, N.A.
BlackRock Fund Advisors
BlackRock Group Ltd


Website
BlackRock.com


BlackRock, Inc. is an American global investment management corporation based in New York City. Founded in 1988, initially as a risk management and fixed income institutional asset manager, BlackRock is the world's largest asset manager with $5.7 trillion in assets under management as of July 2017.[2] BlackRock operates globally with 70 offices in 30 countries and clients in 100 countries.[3] Due to its power, Blackrock has been called the world's largest shadow bank.[4][5]



Contents


1 History

1.1 1988–1997
1.2 1999–2009
1.3 2010–2017


2 Divisions

2.1 BlackRock Solutions


3 Key people
4 See also
5 Notes
6 Further reading
7 External links



History[edit]
1988–1997[edit]
BlackRock was founded in 1988 by Larry Fink, Robert S. Kapito, Susan Wagner, Barbara Novick, Ben Golub, Hugh Frater, Ralph Schlosstein, and Keith Anderson to provide institutional clients with asset management services from a risk management perspective.[6] Fink, Kapito, Golub and Novick had worked together at First Boston, where Fink and his team were pioneers in the mortgage-backed securities market in the United States.[citation needed] During Fink's tenure, he had lost $100 million as head of First Boston. That experience was the motivation to develop what he and the others considered to be excellent risk management and fiduciary practices. Initially, Fink sought funding (for initial operating capital) from Pete Peterson of The Blackstone Group who believed in Fink's vision of a firm devoted to risk management. Peterson called it Blackstone Financial Management.[citation needed] In exchange for a 50 percent stake in the bond business, initially Blackstone gave Fink and his team a $5 million credit line. Within months, the business had turned profitable, and by 1989 the group's assets had quadrupled to $2.7 billion. The percent of the stake owned by Blackstone also fell to 40%, compared to Fink's staff.
By 1992, Blackstone had a stake equating to about 35% of the company, and Schwarzman and Fink were considering selling shares to the public.[7] The firm adopted the name BlackRock in 1992, and by the end of that year, BlackRock was managing $17 billion in assets. At the end of 1994, BlackRock was managing $53 billion.[8] In 1994, Blackstone Group's Stephen A. Schwarzman and Fink had an internal dispute over methods of compensation[7] and over equity.[citation needed] Fink wanted to share equity with new hires, to lure talent from banks, unlike Schwarzman, who did not want to further lower Blackstone's stake.[7] They agreed to part ways, so the BlackRock partners (Sue Wagner) orchestrated a deal to sell part of the company.[citation needed] In June 1994 Blackstone sold a mortgage-securities unit with $23 billion in assets to PNC Bank Corp. for $240 million. The unit had traded mortgages and other fixed-income assets, and during the sales process the unit changed its name from Blackstone Financial Management to BlackRock Financial Management.[7] Schwarzman remained with Blackstone, while Fink went on to become chairman and CEO of BlackRock Inc.[7] In 1998, PNC’s equity, liquidity, and mutual fund activities were merged into BlackRock.[citation needed]
1999–2009[edit]




BlackRock headquarters in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.


BlackRock went public in 1999 at $14 a share[9] on the New York Stock Exchange.[8] By the end of 1999, BlackRock was managing $165 billion in assets.[8] BlackRock grew both organically and by acquisition. In August 2004, BlackRock made its first major acquisition, buying State Street Research & Management's holding company SSRM Holdings, Inc. from MetLife for $375 million in cash and stock. The acquisition raised BlackRock's assets under management from $314 billion to $325 billion.[10] The deal included the mutual-fund business State Street Research & Management in 2005.[11] BlackRock merged with Merrill Lynch Investment Managers (MLIM) in 2006,[8][12] halving PNC's ownership and giving Merrill Lynch a 49.5% stake in the company.[citation needed] In October 2007, BlackRock acquired the fund-of-funds business of Quellos Capital Management.[13]
The U.S. government contracted with BlackRock to help clean up after the financial meltdown of 2008. According to Vanity Fair, the financial establishment in Washington and on Wall Street believed BlackRock was the best choice for the job.[14] In 2009, BlackRock first became the number 1 asset manager worldwide.[11] In April 2009, BlackRock acquired R3 Capital Management, LLC and took control of the $1.5 billion fund.[15] On 12 June 2009, Barclays sold its Global Investors unit (BGI), which included its exchange traded fund business, iShares, to BlackRock for US$13.5 billion. Through the deal, Barclays attained a near-20% stake in BlackRock.[16] BGI was headquartered in San Francisco, with research and portfolio management teams in London, Sydney, Tokyo, Toronto, and other cities.[citation needed]
2010–2017[edit]
In 2010, Ralph Schlosstein, the CEO of Evercore Partners and a BlackRock founder, called BlackRock "the most influential financial institution in the world."[17] On 1 April 2011, BlackRock replaced Genzyme on the S&P 500 index.[18]
In 2013, Fortune listed BlackRock on its annual list of the world's 50 Most Admired Companies.[11] In 2014, The Economist said that BlackRock's $4 trillion under management made it the "world's biggest asset manager," and it was larger than the world's largest bank, the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China with $3 trillion.[5] In May of the same year, BlackRock invested in Snapdeal.[19]
In December 2014 a BlackRock managing director in London was banned by the British Financial Conduct Authority for "not being a fit and proper" person, because he paid £43,000 to avoid prosecution for dodging train fares. BlackRock said: "Jonathan Burrows left BlackRock earlier this year. What he admitted to the FCA is totally contrary to our values and principles."[20]
At the end of 2014, the Sovereign Wealth Fund Institute reported that 65% of Blackrock's assets under management were made up of institutional investors.[21]
By June 30, 2015, BlackRock had US $4.721 trillion of assets under management.[citation needed] On August 26, 2015, BlackRock entered into a definitive agreement to acquire FutureAdvisor,[22] a digital wealth management provider with reported assets under management of $600 million.[23] Under the deal, FutureAdvisor would operate as a business within BlackRock Solutions (BRS).[22] BlackRock announced in November 2015 that they would wind down the BlackRock Global Ascent hedge fund after losses. The Global Ascent fund had been its only dedicated global macro fund, as BlackRock was "better known for its mutual funds and exchange traded funds." At the time, BlackRock managed $51 billion in hedge funds, with $20 billion of that in funds of hedge funds.[24]
In March 2017, the Financial Times announced that BlackRock, after a six-month review led by Mark Wiseman, had initiated a restructuring of its $8bn actively-managed fund business, resulting in the departure of seven portfolio managers and a $25m charge in Q2, replacing certain funds with quantitative investment strategies.[25] In May 2017, BlackRock increased its stake in both CRH plc and Bank of Ireland.[26] By April 2017, iShares business accounted for $1.41tn, or 26 percent, of BlackRock's total assets under management, and 37 percent of BlackRock’s base fee income.[27] In April 2017, BlackRock backed the inclusion of mainland Chinese shares in MSCI’s global indice for the first time.[28]
Divisions[edit]
BlackRock Solutions[edit]
In 2000, BlackRock launched BlackRock Solutions, the risk management division of BlackRock, Inc. The division grew from the Aladdin System (which is the enterprise investment system), Green Package (which is the Risk Reporting Service) PAG (portfolio analytics) and AnSer (which is the interactive analytics). BlackRock Solutions (BRS) serves two roles within BlackRock. First, BlackRock Solutions is the in-house investment analytics and “process engineering” department for BlackRock which works with their portfolio management teams, risk and quantitative analysis, business operations and every other part of the firm that touches the investment process. Second, BlackRock Solutions (BRS) and the three primary divisions (which include risk management investment platform solutions, FMA, and client solutions) are services that offered to institutional clients. As of 2013, the platform had nearly 2,000 employees.[29]
BlackRock differentiates itself from other asset managers by claiming its risk management is not separate. Risk management is the foundation and cornerstone of the firm's entire platform.[29] Aladdin keeps track of 30,000 investment portfolios, including BlackRock's own along with those of competitors, banks, pension funds, and insurers. According to The Economist, the platform monitors almost 7 percent of the world’s $225 trillion of financial assets.[29]
BlackRock Solutions was retained by the U. S. Treasury Department in May 2009[17] to manage the toxic mortgage assets (i.e. to analyze, unwind, and price) that were owned by Bear Stearns, AIG, Inc., Freddie Mac, Morgan Stanley, and other financial firms that were affected in the 2008 financial crisis.[citation needed]
Key people[edit]

Laurence D. Fink – Founder, Chairman & CEO
Robert S. Kapito – Founder & Co-President
Susan Wagner – Founder, member of the Board of Directors
Simon Chirayath – Vice Chairman
Barbara Novick – Founder, Vice Chairman
Philipp Hildebrand – Vice Chairman
Robert Goldstein – Senior Managing Director, Chief Operating Officer
Gary Shedlin – Senior Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer
Bennett W. Golub – Founder, Senior Managing Director, Chief Risk Officer

See also[edit]


New York portal



List of S&P 500 companies
Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange (B)
List of asset management firms
List of CDO managers
List of companies based in New York City
List of hedge funds
List of mutual-fund families in the United States
Charles Hallac

Notes[edit]


^ a b c d e BlackRock Financials, Yahoo, 2016, retrieved May 8, 2017 
^ a b "Forbes - About Us". July 18, 2017. Retrieved July 26, 2017. 
^ BlackRock's Current Share Price Doesn't Capture Its Long-Term Growth Prospects - Contacts and Office Locations, Forbes, retrieved July 26, 2017 
^ "Die grösste Schattenbank der Welt". Basler Zeitung. November 20, 2012. Retrieved May 8, 2017. 
^ a b "Shadow and substance". The Economist. May 10, 2014. Retrieved May 8, 2017. 
^ "BlackRock". Fund Strategy. Retrieved 22 December 2015. 
^ a b c d e "Schwarzman Says Selling BlackRock Was ‘Heroic’ Mistake". Bloomberg.com. September 30, 2013. Retrieved 17 November 2016. 
^ a b c d History, BlackRock, retrieved May 9, 2017 
^ "Corporate History". Archived from the original on May 17, 2012. Retrieved 2014-03-22. 
^ Eric Hazard (February 8, 2006). "BlackRock Acquiring State Street Research from MetLife". plansponsor.com. 
^ a b c "BlackRock: The $4.3 trillion force". Fortune. July 7, 2014. Retrieved May 9, 2017. 
^ "BlackRock and a hard place". The Economist. February 16, 2006. Retrieved May 9, 2017. 
^ "BlackRock to Acquire Fund of Funds Business from Quellos Group, LLC" (PDF). 2007-06-26.  BlackRock, Inc.
^ Andrews, Suzanna. Larry Fink’s $12 Trillion Shadow, Vanity Fair, April 2010: "There is little doubt among the financial establishment in Washington and on Wall Street that BlackRock was the best choice to handle the government’s problems."
^ "BlackRock to Acquire R3 Capital". The New York Times. April 17, 2009. Retrieved May 9, 2017. 
^ "US giant BlackRock buys arm of Barclays bank | The Guardian.". The Guardian. UK. Press Association. 12 June 2009. Retrieved 21 February 2010. 
^ a b Kolhatkar, Sheelah (December 9, 2010). "Fink Builds BlackRock Powerhouse Without Goldman Sachs Backlash". Bloomberg. Retrieved April 20, 2013. 
^ "BlackRock to join S&P 500 index, replacing Genzyme". Bloomberg Businessweek. 2011-03-29. Archived from the original on 2012-10-26.  Retrieved January 23, 2012.
^ "Snapdeal raises $100M in fresh funding from BlackRock, Temasek, PremjiInvest, others". VC Circle. 
^ "FCA Life Ban For Fare-Dodging Jonathan Burrows". Sky News. 15 December 2014. Retrieved 15 December 2014. 
^ "Is BlackRock Too Big". Sovereign Wealth Fund Institute. n.d. Retrieved 9 February 2015. 
^ a b "BlackRock to Acquire FutureAdvisor". BlackRock Press Releases. BlackRock. Retrieved 26 August 2015. 
^ Tepper, Fitz (24 June 2015). "YC Alum FutureAdvisor Is Now Managing $600 Million In Assets". TechCrunch. Retrieved 12 September 2015. 
^ Stevenson, Alexandra (2015-11-18). "BlackRock to Wind Down Macro Hedge Fund". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-11-19. 
^ "BlackRock cuts ranks of stockpicking fund managers". Financial Times. 27 March 2017. Retrieved 30 March 2017. 
^ Hamilton, Peter (May 8, 2017). "BlackRock increases stakes in CRH and Bank of Ireland". Irish Times. Retrieved May 8, 2017. 
^ Foley, Stephen (April 19, 2017). "BlackRock assets under management hit $5.4tn on record ETF inflows". Financial Times. Retrieved May 10, 2017. 
^ Hughes, Jennifer (April 20, 2017). "BlackRock backs mainland China shares for MSCI benchmarks". Financial Times. Retrieved May 10, 2017. 
^ a b c Briefing: BlackRock - The Monolith And The Markets, The Economist, December 7, 2013, pp. 24-26.


Further reading[edit]

Brooker, Katrina (October 29, 2008). "Can this man save Wall Street?". Fortune. 
Foley, Stephen (April 2, 2017). "BlackRock’s active funds navigate rough seas". Financial Times. 

External links[edit]

Official BlackRock website



Business data for BlackRock: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings



BlackRock Global Cash Management website







v
t
e


PNC Financial Services Group






Founded in 1852
Based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania





Subsidiaries



PNC Bank
Harris Williams & Co.
BlackRock (Co-owned with Bank of America and Barclays)





Services



Virtual Wallet
Christmas Price Index





Predecessor banks



Alabama National
Pittsburgh National Bank
Integra Bank (via National City)
Riggs Bank
National City Corp. (details)
BankAtlantic (Central Florida locations)
RBC Bank





Naming rights



Tower at PNC Plaza
One PNC Plaza
One Tampa City Center
Two PNC Plaza
Three PNC Plaza
PNC Bank Building (Philadelphia)
PNC Bank Building (Toledo)
PNC Plaza
PNC Plaza (Raleigh)
PNC Tower
PNC Center (Cincinnati)
PNC Center (Cleveland)
PNC Center (Fort Lauderdale)
PNC Center (Akron)
PNC Park
PNC Field
PNC Bank Arts Center
PNC Arena





Related articles



National Banking Act
Troubled Asset Relief Program










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=BlackRock&oldid=792456715"					
Categories: BlackRock1988 establishments in New YorkCompanies based in ManhattanCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFinancial services companies based in New York CityFinancial services companies established in 1988Investment management companies of the United StatesMultinational companies based in New York CityMutual fund familiesPublicly traded companies based in New York CityHidden categories: Articles needing additional references from December 2015All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AlemannischDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoLietuviųNederlands日本語PortuguêsРусскийSvenskaTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 16:50.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
