         
	Blackstone - Home
    





















9d4b21c6-35a8-4ce7-97b5-772a310620b6



 


We practice the
Art of the Long View


For over 30 years


We build to last






  

Private Equity

  
  

Tactical
Opportunities

  
  

Strategic
Partners

  
  
  

Real Estate

  
  

Hedge Fund
Solutions (BAAM)

  
  

Credit (GSO)

  
  

Infrastructure

  
  

Blackstone
Charitable Foundation

  
  

Corporate
Social Responsibility


  



our
approach

 


  





Blackstone Reports Second Quarter 2017 Results


View Full Press Release
View Supplemental Financial Data: PDF | Excel
Listen to Webcast


















News and Views
view all




Market Commentary



A Reluctant Europe Looks at Prosperity



		The mood among investors in Europe is generally positive in spite of mixed cyclical and secular factors influencing the economies and the markets there.
	








(?)




























PRESS RELEASES



Blackstone Acquires Clarion



		London, July 24, 2017  – Private equity funds managed by Blackstone (“Blackstone”) announce the acquisition of Clarion Events, one of the world’s leading independent events organisers, from private equity funds managed by Providence Equity Partners (“Providence”).
	








(?)




























BLACKSTONE BLOG



Blackstone Named to Fortune’s “25 Best Workplaces in New York” List


	Blackstone has been named by Fortune Magazine as one of the 25 best places to work in New York. The list includes companies across industries in the state and greater NYC metropolitan area. Blackstone ranked among the highest companies in the financial services sector and was the top-ranked asset management firm on the list.









Highlights

view all
 





				Mondays at Blackstone
			




 







				The Power of Support: A film from TED and the Blackstone Charitable Foundation
			




 







				Why Hiring Veterans is Good for Business
			




 







				Blackstone President Tony James on Creating Value for Investors
			







Twitter

follow us
 


Tweets by @blackstone













Quick Links






Explore Blackstone






Get in Touch



























  Back to Top




 



© 2016 The Blackstone Group L.P. | English | 中文 (Chinese)
Transparency & Disclosure | Legal | Privacy | Cookie Notice | Japan Disclaimer



プライバシー・ポリシー  | 法規制に基づく開示
ブラックストーン・グループ・ジャパン株式会社金融商品取引業者 関東財務局（金商）第１７８５号加入協会/日本証券業協会　一般社団法人第二種金融商品取引業協会




×Stay up-to-dateEmail AlertsTo receive email notifications when press releases or Byron Wien's Market Commentaries are posted, sign up for email alerts here. email address (required) first name (required) last name (required) company name job title  Byron Wien Market Commentary
							  Blackstone Press Releases
							   Submit


Cookie Information and Consent RequestBlackstone Cookie PolicyThis website uses cookies, including third-party cookies, which allow Blackstone to obtain information about your visit to the website. Please click on the link "Learn More" below if you would like more information about the cookies used on this website and how to select certain cookies. You will also be able to refuse the installation of certain cookies. By continuing to use this website (clicking on a picture or link under this banner), you consent to the use of cookies.
Learn More Continue 


×
Contact UsGeneralFor office-specific contact information, please visit our offices page. Switchboard: +1 (212) 583-5000Email Alerts & Investor RelationsTo receive email notifications when press releases or Byron Wien’s Market Commentaries are posted, sign up for email alerts here.
For investor relations contact information or to receive email notifications for SEC filings, events, end of day stock quotes, and financial reports, please visit our Investor Relations page.
Investor Relations Contact InformationUS: +1 888-756-8443International: +1 646-313-6590BlackstoneInvestorRelations@blackstone.com Media ContactsFor media inquiries or recent press releases, please click here.





 
         
	Careers
    


















9d4b21c6-35a8-4ce7-97b5-772a310620b6






Careers
The extensive experience, talent and accomplishments of the Blackstone team give us a base of intellectual capital that is second to none.





  
Make an Impact
  
Experienced
  
University
  
Veterans
  
Blackstone Women
  
Open Positions
 





Phishing Email Alert

Blackstone has recently become aware of fraudulent emails purporting to offer employment at Blackstone and misusing the official Blackstone logo. These emails do not originate from Blackstone or any of our affiliates. If you have received any such email, you should not click any links in the email or provide any personal information (e.g., your social security number or scans of identity documents).






Make an Impact

Blackstone is a leading global alternative asset manager. As stewards of public funds we look to drive outstanding results for our investors and clients by deploying capital and ideas to help business succeed and grow. Our assets under management, which now total over approximately $371 billion, help secure the benefits of 29 million pensioners in the United States and millions more internationally, and advance the goals of charitable organizations, academic institutions and governments around the world.
While each of our four main business groups – private equity, real estate, hedge fund solutions, and credit – is already an acknowledged leader in its respective market, innovation and entrepreneurship are at the core of our business, and we are constantly developing new investment products and services. This approach, coupled with our strong focus on developing and keeping excellent relationships with all of our stakeholders, has paid off. For 30 years, we have delivered outstanding financial results for investors and clients while helping businesses around the world succeed and grow.
We invite you to join our team.








				Mondays at Blackstone
			







Ranked as a
“Best Place to Work”


For three years in a row, Blackstone has been named a “Best Place to Work” in our sector by Pensions & Investments









Opportunities

						We encourage independent thinking and reward initiative while providing services to help employees grow professionally. Our global business platform and brand reputation provide an unparalleled launch pad for growing your career.
					




External Relations & Strategy
 Managing communications with shareholders, the media and governments, as well as analyzing strategic development opportunities. 





External Relations & Strategy
The Group has primary responsibility for setting the strategy for shareholder, media and government relations and the Blackstone Foundation, including communicating and maintaining relationships with several constituents. These range from unit holders and the research analysts who cover Blackstone for major financial institutions to the media and Federal, State and local Government officials to not-for-profit organizations around the world.  The team is responsible for the firm’s social media presence, including Facebook, Twitter, blogs and Blackstone’s internal and external website. It drives communications to and amongst our employees and manages all aspects of the firm’s brand. The Group runs the Blackstone Charitable Foundation which is focused on job creation and entrepreneurship and also facilitates employee volunteer and intermural activities globally.


Roles in  External Relations & Strategy
  Analyst: External Relations & Strategy An analyst in External Relations and Strategy will assist in the day-to-day functions of the group and have the opportunity to gain hands-on experience in financial communications, government relations, internal communications, corporate philanthropy and/or investor relations. The small nature of the team lends itself to offering significant exposure to all Blackstone’s business groups and participation in high-level initiatives.  
View Roles in External Relations & Strategy







Finance
 Managing the firm’s global finance, accounting, tax and treasury functions.





Finance
The Blackstone Finance team provides analyses for the firm’s senior leaders to assist them in making strategic business decisions, in addition to maintaining the books and records of the firm and its funds and financial controls. The team manages the firm’s liquidity and is instrumental in maximizing returns on the firm’s investments while minimizing risk. The Blackstone finance team also provides extensive, critical financial information to all investors. There are many exciting career opportunities within the finance team; you will work in a dynamic environment with a group of people dedicated to leveraging and protecting the firm’s balance sheet to the benefit of our investors, clients, shareholders and employees.


Roles in Finance
  Summer Internship: Chief Financial Office Interns will have the opportunity to focus on a particular area within the Chief Financial Office such as financial planning and analysis, Audit, Business finance, Treasury and Affiliated investor reporting.  
View Roles in Finance








GSO Capital
Providing unique credit solutions to enhance corporations financial flexibility with most solutions not available elsewhere in the credit market.





GSO Capital
Our credit business, GSO Capital Partners LP, is one of the largest credit-focused alternative asset managers in the world. GSO provides a broad array of credit services, including leveraged loans and mezzanine financing, and plays a strong role in providing rescue financing to companies experiencing liquidity problems.
Learn more about GSO Capital


Roles in GSO
  Analyst: Customized Credit Strategies GSO customized credit strategies analysts are responsible for identifying, analyzing and monitoring investments across multiple portfolios, then proactively communicating recommendations to portfolio managers. The experience guarantees a unique understanding of companies and capital structures across a wide range of industries.   Analyst: GSO Mezzanine Fund The GSO mezzanine group focuses primarily on providing private investment capital to upper middle market companies and private equity sponsors in connection with leveraged buyouts, mergers and acquisitions, recapitalizations, growth financing and other corporate transactions. Analysts will develop both quantitative and qualitative skills through the investment process and will have the opportunity to gain exposure to a wide range of industries and investment types. As a result of the breadth of the experience, the analyst will develop a unique understanding of companies and capital structures.   Analyst: GSO Client Operations GSO Client Operations and will provide client service and support to Investors in all the various GSO Funds. The team liaises with numerous internal groups (Accounting, Legal, Operations, Compliance and Technology) and third party service providers (Fund administrators, etc.). Analysts create and distribute capital call and distribution notices to limited partners.   Analyst: Investor Relations & Business Development Analysts will be involved in supporting GSO’s ongoing fundraising efforts and client relations functions. Responsibilities will include developing and maintaining marketing presentations, diligence materials, drafting of investor letters, preparing for and attending investor meetings, completing DDQs and RFPs, and supporting the marketing operations team with respect to account set up, monitoring liquidity and fund flows. In addition, the role will entail close communication and coordination with Blackstone Marketing professionals to help facilitate cross-fertilization and cross-selling.  
View Roles in GSO







Hedge Fund Solutions (BAAM)
Serving the world’s largest institutional investors by striving to protect downside and reduce volatility.





Blackstone Alternative Asset Management

Our hedge fund solutions business, (“BAAM”), serves many of the world’s leading institutional investors, including corporate, public and union pension funds, sovereign wealth funds and insurance companies. These investors look to BAAM to protect their assets through custom-tailored investment strategies.

Learn more about Blackstone Alternative Asset Management


Roles in Hedge Fund Solutions
  Analyst: Business & Financial Evaluation The Business and Financial Evaluation group is responsible for performing due diligence, focusing on the operational risks of managing a hedge fund. Analysts will participate in meetings with senior management and perform extensive research on funds and industry trends, learning about hedge funds and the financial industry from an operational perspective.   Analyst: Legal and Product Development The Legal and Product Development group plays a critical role in providing the best possible information to help hedge fund managers. Analysts work on a variety of projects, reviewing and summarizing key legal documents and analyzing fund and regulatory research.   Analyst: Global Client Operations and Reporting Team The Investment Team uses a comprehensive approach to constructing portfolios, relying on investment-level analysis and macroeconomic perspectives. Analysts work on a variety of tasks, including modeling investment strategies, conducting macroeconomic research and analyzing risk to ensure Blackstone portfolios continually generate value for investors.   Analyst: Investment Team The Global Client Operations and Reporting Team sits within BAAM’s Investor Solutions Group, providing essential infrastructure support across BAAM’s global platform and working as internal consultants. Among other things, the team aims to streamline, centralize and quality-control information delivered to clients, prospects and investment management consultants. The comparatively small size of the team offers employees the opportunity to work closely with senior investor relations/business development professionals, interface with all other BAAM teams and assume significant responsibility.
    Analysts provide an essential support role in an all-encompassing capacity to the rest of the team. Analysts are assigned as secondary contacts on a select group of clients and are responsible for supporting all aspects of the relationship with these investors. The comparatively small size of this group offers analysts the opportunity to work closely with senior team members, assume significant responsibility and play integral roles. Analysts at Blackstone often have the opportunity to participate in all aspects of projects and be staffed on a number of assignments at one time.   Summer Analyst: Business & Financial Evaluation BAAM’s BFE team is responsible for performing initial and ongoing operational due diligence with respect to BAAM’s underlying hedge fund managers. BFE evaluates a manager based upon all non-investment aspects of the business, and specifically focuses on the operational risks associated with managing an alternative asset investment firm. A manager’s size and strategy, along with industry best practices are taken into account when performing this evaluation. Additionally, BFE supports BAAM’s various products and platforms, including BAAM’s hedge fund seeding platform and long only platform. BFE will also be involved in due diligence matters pertaining to other groups within Blackstone as needed. A Summer Analyst’s responsibilities will include a variety of tasks associated with the team’s evaluation of a hedge fund manager from an operational risk perspective. Specific tasks may include: participating in operational due diligence meetings on both hedge funds and hedge fund service providers, performing various types of research on the hedge fund industry (including regulatory, news sources, industry periodicals and ad hoc research projects), analyzing manager financial statements, performing queries to analyze industry trends, and preparing information for internal or client reports. The Summer Analyst will also be expected to assist with, and/or lead, as necessary, any ad hoc projects. In addition to working at one of the world's leading alternative investment firms, Summer Analysts gain the opportunity to access and learn about the dynamic and unique hedge fund market. Meetings are often conducted with CFOs, COOs, etc. of the respective funds, giving Summer Analysts exposure to seasoned industry professionals. The BFE team works closely with the COO, and other senior members of BAAM, leading to a fast-paced and exciting work environment.  Summer Analyst: Global Client Operations and Reporting The Global Client Operations and Reporting Team sits within BAAM’s Investor Solutions Group, providing essential infrastructure support across BAAM’s global platform and working as internal consultants. Among other things, the team aims to streamline, centralize and quality-control information delivered to clients, prospects and investment management consultants. The comparatively small size of the team offers Summer Analysts the opportunity to work closely with senior investor relations/business development professionals, interface with all other BAAM teams and assume significant responsibility. Summer Analysts play an integral role in developing tools to assist the global Investor Solutions Group with on-boarding, branding, message control and efficiency. Responsibilities include maintaining standard marketing materials, developing a marketing language library, overseeing client reporting, managing BAAM’s entries into consultant databases and coordinating responses to consultant questionnaires. Summer Analysts may also assist in subscription and redemption processing and distribution of key client reporting.   Summer Analyst: Legal & Product Development The Summer Analyst will work with BAAM’s Legal & Product Development team on a variety of different matters relating to hedge funds and hedge fund solutions. Primary job responsibilities include: review offering documents of underlying hedge fund managers and prepare summaries of key terms or issues relating to investments in hedge fund managers; assist in evaluation of manager terms and negotiation of side letters; assist in compiling various databases relating to Blackstone managers and Blackstone funds; provide support relating to the offering of any new funds or structured products; analyze manager and portfolio liquidity, fees, and other terms to produce internal and external reports; assess current and prospective regulatory risk through industry and government-focused research; and perform research on market trends within the hedge fund industry.   Summer Analyst: Investment Team The Investment Team, comprised of Investment Research and Risk Management professionals, combines a top-down and bottom-up approach to portfolio construction by using both macroeconomic views and investment-level analysis to manage portfolios of hedge funds. The Investment Team is responsible for the sourcing, due diligence and ongoing monitoring of hedge fund managers, as well as asset allocation and portfolio construction. Due to the relatively small size of the professional staff, research teams are typically small and Summer Analysts are therefore expected to assume important and integral roles.  
View open roles and apply online







Human Resources
Driving the firm’s growth and development by attracting, retaining, and developing the best talent.





Human Resources
Human Resources acts as a strategic partner to all Blackstone businesses in fostering culture, developing talent, and strengthening the capability of our global team. In addition to hiring, integrating, assessing, training and rewarding employees, we provide a wide range of services and counsel – from Benefits to Employee Relations – that ensure Blackstone is an “employer of choice” and harnesses the full potential of our overall human capital. We look for HR professionals who can deliver strategic, creative, and commercial solutions in an entrepreneurial and dynamic environment.







Innovations – Technology
Deploying technological innovations to support our growing business.





Innovations & Infrastructure Technology

The Blackstone Innovations & Infrastructure Technology team seeks to drive improvements across Blackstone’s businesses through technology. Technologists thrive on the sharing of ideas while designing and building world class technology through an iterative process. The group facilitates individual growth through meritocracy and creating a challenging team-oriented environment. There are several exciting opportunities within the technology team including software development, database administration, storage and networking, information security and design.
 
Blackstone technologists play an integral part in helping to bring innovative technology solutions to a fast paced growing firm. If you are interested in technology we can offer exciting career opportunities.

Learn more about Innovations & Infrastructure Technology


Roles in  Innovations & Infrastructure Technology
  Analyst: Business Analyst As a member of the Innovations & Infrastructure Technology team at Blackstone, you will work with a group of talented individuals in a highly team-oriented environment to create the next generation of innovative solutions for Blackstone and the financial community at large.
     Our Business Analysts are involved in the full development lifecycle and will work very closely with all stakeholders during the conceptual, design, development, quality assurance and production stages of each project. You will be expected to take ownership of specific functionality areas within our applications, and write detailed design documents to outline specifications, workflow and user interface. Then you will perform quality assurance tasks to ensure stability and thoroughness of the platform as you help manage each project with the technical lead and the developers and roll out the products to our users to ensure that we have met our goals. You will also be responsible for performing market research and analysis and conducting user interviews to identify specific areas of improvement as well as presenting designs of proposed functionality improvements to internal teams as well as clients.   Analyst: Software Engineer Our Software Engineers are expected to take ownership of projects, determine technical design, and flush out business design holes with the business analysts and code and support the system. They serve as contributors during the concept and design phase, and are the project owners during the development, stabilization and support phases.   Summer Intern: Business Analyst As a summer intern on the technology innovation team at Blackstone, you will work with a group of talented individuals in a highly team-oriented environment to create the next generation of innovative solutions for a growing business. Our Business Summer Analysts are involved in the full development lifecycle and will work very closely with all stakeholders during the conceptual, design, development, and production stages of each project. You will be expected to take ownership of specific functionality areas within our applications, write detailed design documents to outline specifications, workflow and user interface. Then you will perform quality assurance tasks to ensure stability and thoroughness of the platform as you help manage each project with the technical lead and the developers and roll out the products to our users to ensure that we have met our goals. You will also be responsible for performing market research and analysis and conducting user interviews to identify specific areas of improvement as well as presenting designs of proposed functionality improvements to internal teams as well and clients.   Summer Intern: Software Engineer As a software engineer summer intern in the technology innovation team at Blackstone, you will work with a group of talented individuals in a highly team-oriented environment to create the next generation of innovative solutions for Blackstone. Summer Software Engineers are involved in the full development lifecycle. They will serve as contributors during the concept and design phase, and as the project owners during the development, stabilization and support phases. Summer Software Engineers will be expected to take ownership of projects, determine technical design, flush out business design holes with the business analysts and code and support the system. Success as a Summer Software Engineer on our team means delivering business value and great code.  
Roles in Innovations & Infrastructure








Investor Relations & Business Development
 Managing outreach to investors on existing and new products.





Investor Relations & Business Development
Our Investor Relations & Business Development (IRBD) teams work directly with some of the largest and most sophisticated institutional investors in the world. IRBD team members support Blackstone investor relationships and manage all fundraising efforts, interfacing often with our other business groups to deliver value for our investors.


Roles in IRBD
  Analyst: Real Estate Investor Relations & Business Development The Real Estate Investor Relations & Business Development Team supports relationships with limited partners as well as fundraising efforts. The group has a significant interface with members of the firm’s global real estate group, legal/compliance department as well as other groups within the firm. An Analyst will assist with multiple projects at one time such as constructing investor presentations, assisting with investor due diligence requests, conducting market research, and supporting the fund closing process. An Analyst will be expected to understand the basic fundamentals of real estate investments, the global real estate environment, and private equity fund structures. An Analyst will also be exposed to legal issues associated with fund raising and fund documents.   Analyst: Private Equity Investor Relations & Business Development The Private Equity Investor Relations & Business Development Team supports relationships with limited partners as well as fundraising efforts. The group has a significant interface with members of the firm’s global private equity group, legal/compliance department as well as other groups within the firm. An Analyst will model alternative fund structure, maintain a database of due diligence information, work on the deal summaries and due diligence processes, and draft updates to limited partners, private placement memoranda, and marketing materials.   Analyst: GSO Investor Relations GSO Client Operations and will provide client service and support to Investors in all the various GSO Funds. The team liaises with numerous internal groups (Accounting, Legal, Operations, Compliance and Technology) and third party service providers (Fund administrators, etc.). Analysts will create and distribute Capital Call and Distribution Notices to limited partners.   Analyst: BAAM Client Relations The Marketing Communications & Client Operations Team sits within BAAM’s Investor Solutions Group, providing essential infrastructure support across BAAM’s global platform and working as internal consultants. Among other things, the team aims to streamline, centralize and quality-control information delivered to clients, prospects and investment management consultants. The comparatively small size of the team offers employees the opportunity to work closely with senior investor relations/business development professionals, interface with all other BAAM teams and assume significant responsibility. Analysts provide an essential support role in an all-encompassing capacity to the rest of the team. Analysts are assigned as secondary contacts on a select group of clients and are responsible for supporting all aspects of the relationship with these investors. The comparatively small size of this group offers analysts the opportunity to work closely with senior team members, assume significant responsibility and play integral roles. Analysts at Blackstone often have the opportunity to participate in all aspects of projects and be staffed on a number of assignments at one time.  
Roles in IRBD







Legal and Compliance
Providing legal services and advice to the firm and implementing global compliance policies and procedures.





Blackstone Legal and Compliance
Legal and Compliance acts as a strategic business partner with Blackstone business and corporate teams to support the firm’s objectives, ensure regulatory compliance, minimize risk, and preserve the legal and ethical integrity of the firm: 

Our legal team provides advice and counsel to facilitate the firm’s investments, governance, and other objectives. Whether by assisting our investment professionals in negotiating investments, forming and marketing a fund or representing the firm in litigation, the legal professionals at Blackstone play an integral role in advancing the firm’s business and its relationships with clients, unitholders and regulators.  
The firm’s compliance professionals are dedicated to protecting’s the firm’s reputation and managing legal, compliance and reputational risks.  By monitoring developments in jurisdictions around the globe, the compliance team provides informed and practical guidance that enables Blackstone to achieve its objectives appropriately while successfully navigating today’s increasingly complex regulatory environment.

Across Blackstone’s Legal and Compliance team, we look for professionals who have the drive, experience and judgment to be trusted advisors and who will be commercially effective and protect the reputation of the firm. 







Private Equity
 Identifying investment opportunities to grow companies and enhance their value.





Private Equity
We operate one of the world’s largest private equity fund businesses. With an exclusive focus on friendly transactions, and on partnering with accomplished management teams to drive results, we have worked for more than 25 years to identify, invest in and enhance the value of great businesses.
Learn more about Private Equity


Roles in  Private Equity
  Analyst: Private Equity Blackstone’s private equity group expects analysts to assist in the direct acquisition of large and midsized companies across a variety of sectors worldwide. The investment process requires both the financial skills of investment banking and the strategic thinking of management consulting. As a result, this analyst program is a unique experience; our analysts develop a well-rounded business mind that is fine-tuned by the challenge of putting to work the firm’s and its professionals’ own money.   Analyst: Investor Relations & Business Development The Private Equity Investor Relations & Business Development Team supports relationships with limited partners as well as fundraising efforts. The group has a significant interface with members of the firm’s global private equity group, legal/compliance department as well as other groups within the firm. An Analyst will model alternative fund structure, maintain a database of due diligence information, work on the deal summaries and due diligence processes, and draft updates to limited partners, private placement memorandum, and marketing materials.   Associate: Private Equity Associates will work in a wide range of industries on potential investments, acquisitions, analysis of potential exit opportunities, and the monitoring and management of current portfolio companies. The relatively small size of this group offers Associates the opportunity to work closely with senior members of the firm and to have extensive interaction with management teams and external advisors. We look to attract post-MBAs to this position.   Summer Analyst: Private Equity Blackstone’s private equity group offers Summer Analysts the chance to engage in the direct acquisition of large and midsized companies in a variety of sectors worldwide. The investment process develops both the financial skills of investment banking and the strategic thinking of management consulting. As a result, this Summer Analyst program is a unique experience among financial firms, enabling our Summer Analysts to develop a well-rounded business mind. Summer Analysts at Blackstone have the opportunity to participate in all aspects of projects and be staffed on a number of assignments at one time. Due to the relatively small size of the professional staff, Summer Analysts are able to assume integral roles on deal teams. Summer Analysts are involved with the development, structuring and financing of transactions and regularly attend internal meetings, negotiations and due diligence sessions. 
    Typically, Summer Analyst work will include financial analysis, computer modeling, research, competitive analysis, assistance in the execution of transactions and drafting of memoranda for internal and external use. Summer Analysts will work on a wide range of transactions including acquisitions, divestitures, restructurings, recapitalizations, joint ventures and leveraged buyouts.  Summer Associate: Private Equity Summer Associates will work on companies in a wide range of industries on potential investments, acquisitions, analysis of potential exit opportunities, and the monitoring of current portfolio companies. Summer Associates are involved in transaction due diligence, valuation analysis, and the negotiating of contracts and other agreements. The relatively small size of this group offers Summer Associates the opportunity to work closely with senior members of the firm and to have extensive interaction with management teams and external advisors.  Summer Analyst: Investor Relations & Business Development Summer Analysts will be involved in supporting investor relations and potential fundraising efforts for the Private Equity business. Summer Analysts will model alternative fund structure economics, maintain a database of due diligence information, work on the deal summaries and due diligence processes, and draft updates to limited partners, private placement memoranda, and marketing materials. Summer Analysts will also be exposed to legal issues associated with fund raising and fund documents.  
Roles in Private Equity







Real Estate 
Deploying a ‘buy it, fix it, sell it’ strategy by acquiring assets that need improving, and providing unparalleled expertise and capital.





Real Estate
Our real estate business is a global investor in a wide variety of property types. We acquire high quality assets, and then add value through the insight of our in-house experts and skilled real estate operators. We are also large investors in debt secured by high quality real estate assets.
Learn more about Real Estate


Roles in Real Estate
  Analyst: Real Estate Debt Strategies Analysts in the Real Estate Debt Strategies group participate in a wide range of real estate debt transactions, a critical Blackstone initiative started in 2008 following major shifts in the global real estate market. Analysts’ work typically includes financial analysis and modeling, transaction and industry research and support in the execution of transactions.   Analyst: Real Estate Partners Blackstone’s Real Estate Private Equity group expects analysts to engage in the direct acquisition of large portfolios of real estate assets as well as individual properties worldwide. Typically, analysts assist teams across a wide range of real estate transactions, working on real estate valuation analysis, computer modeling and research.   Analyst: Real Estate Asset Management Blackstone’s Real Estate Asset Management group expects analysts to engage in all aspects of asset management including post acquisition transition, valuation, budgeting and working closely with Blackstone's portfolio companies and deal team. Analysts are also involved in underwriting, financial modeling and discussions related to restructuring, refinancing and disposition strategies.   Analyst: Investor Relations & Business Development The Real Estate Investor Relations & Business Development Team supports relationships with limited partners as well as fundraising efforts. The group has a significant interface with members of the firm’s global real estate group, legal/compliance department as well as other groups within the firm. An Analyst will assist with multiple projects at one time such as constructing investor presentations, assisting with investor due diligence requests, conducting market research, and supporting the fund closing process. An Analyst will be expected to understand the basic fundamentals of real estate investments, the global real estate environment, and private equity fund structures. An Analyst will also be exposed to legal issues associated with fund raising and fund documents.  Associate: Real Estate Partners Associates at Blackstone participate in all aspects of real estate investing and are staffed on a number of transactions at one time. Due to the relatively small size of the professional staff, Associates assume integral roles on deal teams. Associates are involved with the development, structuring, and financing of transactions and regularly attend both external and internal meetings, negotiations and due diligence sessions.  Summer Analyst: Real Estate Partners Blackstone’s Real Estate Private Equity Group offers Summer Analysts the chance to engage in the direct acquisition of real estate-related companies, portfolios of real estate assets, and individual properties worldwide. Summer Analysts at Blackstone have the opportunity to participate in all aspects of real estate investing and can expect to be staffed on a number of transactions at one time. Due to the relatively small size of the professional staff, Summer Analysts are expected to assume integral roles on deal teams. Summer Analysts are involved with the development, structuring, and financing of transactions and regularly attend both external and internal meetings, negotiations and due diligence sessions. Typically, Summer Analyst work will include real estate valuation analysis, computer modeling, research, competitive analysis, development of presentations, assistance in the execution of transactions, and drafting of memoranda for internal and external use. Summer Analysts will work on a wide range of transactions including acquisitions, divestitures, restructurings, recapitalizations, joint ventures, and leveraged buyouts.   Summer Analyst: Real Estate Debt Strategies Summer Analysts in the Blackstone Real Estate Debt Strategies Group have the opportunity to participate in a wide range of real estate debt transactions including restructurings, recapitalizations, new loan originations, and acquisition of legacy loans, CMBS and other forms of public and private debt. Due to the relatively small size of the professional staff, Summer Analysts are expected to assume integral roles on deal teams and can expect to be staffed on a number of assignments at one time. Summer Analysts are involved with the development, structuring, and financing of transactions and regularly attend client and internal meetings, negotiations and due diligence sessions. Summer Analyst work will typically include financial analysis and modeling, market research, competitive analysis, development of client presentations, assistance in the execution of transactions, and drafting of memoranda for internal and external use.  
View Roles in Real Estate








Strategic Partners
Acquiring interests in high-quality, private investment funds from investors seeking liquidity.





Strategic Partners
Strategic Partners Fund Solutions is a leader in the secondary private equity market. Our goal is to provide institutional and individual investors the opportunity to monetize and manage their illiquid investment portfolios. We evaluate both single fund positions and complex, structured portfolios. We work hard to understand the unique circumstances of each transaction and offer thoughtful solutions. Through our global reach, extensive access to the private equity markets and deep relationships, Strategic Partners is a leading provider of liquidity in the secondary market.
Learn more about Strategic Partners


Roles in  Strategic Partners
  Summer Analyst Strategic Partners offers Summer Analysts a unique opportunity to achieve a valuable learning experience working in the secondary private equity industry. Summer Analysts in Strategic Partners develop an in-depth knowledge of company analysis and valuation. Through analysis of leveraged buyout, real estate, venture capital, mezzanine and distressed private equity funds, Summer Analysts gain exposure to a wide array of companies, industries and capital structures, and become accustomed to a variety of private equity funds and investment strategies. Strategic Partners Summer Analysts will be involved in extensive financial modeling of portfolio companies and funds, preparing memoranda presented to the Investment Committee and structuring and executing investments.   Full-time Analyst Strategic Partners expects Analysts to participate and assist in the evaluating and closing secondary private equity transactions. As an Analyst in Strategic Partners, you will develop an in-depth knowledge of company analysis and valuation. Through analysis of leveraged buyout, real estate, venture capital, mezzanine and distressed private equity funds, you will gain exposure to a wide array of companies, industries and capital structures. In addition, you will become accustomed to a variety of private equity funds and investment strategies. Strategic Partners Analysts will be involved in extensive financial modeling of portfolio companies and funds, preparing memoranda presented to the Investment Committee and structuring and executing investments.  
View Roles in Strategic Partners







Tactical Opportunities
Leveraging Blackstone’s entire platform to provide solutions that meet institutional investors’ different risk-return goals.





Tactical Opportunities
Few other alternative managers, if any, possess the experience and breadth of our investment platform. Our Tactical Opportunities team harnesses this competitive advantage by leveraging the synergies that exist across our businesses to source, execute and capitalize on investment opportunities that others cannot. Their highly flexible mandate allows them to pursue investments that fall outside our other alternative fund strategies.
Learn more about Tactical Opportunities


Roles in Tactical Opportunities
  Analyst: Tactical Opportunities Analysts on the Tactical Opportunities work closely with the investment team on deals and investment opportunities. They will work alongside the research function in finding information sources, synthesizing data, and summarizing findings for the investment team. This is an opportunity for an extraordinary performer who has already mastered fundamental research skills through extensive personal investing, academic work and professional experience.   Associate: Tactical Opportunities Associates on the Tactical Opportunities work closely with the investment team on deals and investment opportunities. They will work alongside the research function in finding information sources, synthesizing data, and summarizing findings for the investment team. This is an opportunity for an extraordinary performer who has already mastered fundamental research skills through extensive personal investing, academic work and professional experience.  
View Roles in Tactical Opportunities










Hilton
USA

Hilton Hotels has long been a leader in the hospitality industry. Blackstone Real Estate Partners acquired Hilton in 2007 on behalf of its investors and has helped the company expand into new geographies and improve efficiency of day-to-day operations.
 



Patria Investments
Brazil

Blackstone has partnered with Patria Investments, leveraging the firm's vast knowledge of the Brazilian market to invest in attractive private equity, real estate and credit opportunities in Latin America's fastest-growing economy.
 



Harbourmaster
Ireland

In 2011, Blackstone acquired Harbourmaster, a leading European investment advisor of secured corporate and infrastructure-based bank loans. Providing in-depth research necessary for these investments, Harbourmaster strengthens Blackstone's position in the region.
 



Bujagali
Uganda

Blackstone portfolio company, Sithe Global, in partnership with the Government of Uganda and the Aga Khan Fund for Economic Development, completed construction of a 250 Megawatt hydroelectric power station on the Nile River. Construction of the facility employed 3,000 people and doubled the country's effective generation capacity, stimulating economic development in the region.




Moser Baer
India

Moser Baer, a Blackstone portfolio company, is addressing India's need for secure energy infrastructure to meet the needs of its rapidly growing economy. Blackstone has applied its expertise and its investors’ capital to fund thermal, solar and hydroelectric projects.




RMB Fund
China

In 2009 Blackstone established a private equity fund with the Government of Pudong China to facilitate economic development in the Shanghai Area. The Fund provides Blackstone investors with unparalleled access to China's growing economy and demonstrates the firm's interest in international markets.






 One World, Unique Opportunities... 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 




 
“Now when I think about my career, it seems limitless. Five years into this, I’ve already joined the board of directors of one of our investments. If you asked me four years ago if I thought I’d be on the board and actually be making a difference, I would have said ‘no.’ So I don’t know exactly where it is that my career would ultimately end up, but I don’t see a road block and I don’t see an end to the opportunity right now.”
Scott Eisenberg - Managing Director, GSO      
“Blackstone is the largest alternative investment manager in the world, but what that really means is that we’re investing on behalf of pension plans and pensioners. Just about anywhere you go in the world, you can see real estate Blackstone owns on behalf of our limited partners.”
Kathleen McCarthy - Senior Managing Director, Real Estate      
“A lot of my engineering background was about problem solving, how do you come at a solution and how do you think about it in a new way, and a lot of that is really translatable into finance and working with clients.”
Viral Patel - Managing Director, Tactical Opportunities      




             

















   Back to Top
 








Quick Links



Explore Blackstone



Get in Touch




























© 2016 The Blackstone Group L.P. | English | 中文 (Chinese)

Transparency & Disclosure | Legal | Privacy | Cookie Notice | Japan Disclaimer


プライバシー・ポリシー   | 法規制に基づく開示
ブラックストーン・グループ・ジャパン株式会社
金融商品取引業者 関東財務局（金商）第１７８５号
加入協会/ 一般社団法人第二種金融商品取引業協会







Cookie Information and Consent Request
Blackstone Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies, including third-party cookies, which allow Blackstone to obtain information about your visit to the website. Please click on the link "Learn More" below if you would like more information about the cookies used on this website and how to select certain cookies. You will also be able to refuse the installation of certain cookies. By continuing to use this website (clicking on a picture or link under this banner), you consent to the use of cookies.

 Learn More 
Continue 







×
Stay up-to-date
Email Alerts


To receive email notifications when press releases or Byron Wien's Market Commentaries are posted, sign up for email alerts here.
 
 email address (required)  

 first name (required)  
 last name (required)  


 company name  
 job title  



  
Byron Wien Market Commentary
 
  
Blackstone Press Releases
 




    Submit 






 ×
Contact Us
General

For office-specific contact information, please visit our offices page. 
 Switchboard: +1 (212) 583-5000

Email Alerts & Investor Relations

To receive email notifications when press releases or Byron Wien’s Market Commentaries are posted, sign up for email alerts here.


For investor relations contact information or to receive email notifications for SEC filings, events, end of day stock quotes, and financial reports, please visit our Investor Relations page.

Investor Relations Contact Information
  US: +1 888-756-8443
 International: +1 646-313-6590
 BlackstoneInvestorRelations@blackstone.com 

Media Contacts

For media inquiries or recent press releases, please click here.











 


	Blackstone Investor Relations -  








































































Shareholders















Investors


At Blackstone, we take the long view. It is vital to who we are and how we deliver market-leading performance.





NYSE: BX

				$34.77





Jul 26, 2017 12:07 PM 


Last
34.55$


Change
+0.22


% Change
+0.63%


Volume
2,568,989


Day High
34.95


Day Low
34.57

Additional Stock Information




NYSE:BX




Price

Today's Open
34.70


52 Week High
35.09


52 Week Low
23.33

Pricing delayed 20 minutes














Latest Financials

Upcoming Events
Past Events






July 20, 2017

Blackstone Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Call






Press Release and Presentation
PDF
779 KB




Supplemental Financial Data PDF
PDF
811 KB




Supplemental Financial Data Excel
XLSX
290 KB




View Investor Call Transcript
PDF
230 KB




View Media Call Transcript
PDF
114 KB




Listen to Webcast



View in Dial-InformationClose in Dial-Information
11:00 AM ET
Investor Call
Listen to Replay:
+1 (888) 286-8010 (U.S. domestic)
+1 (617) 801-6888 (international)
Passcode: 756 128 72
 
9:30 AM ET
Media Call
Listen to Replay:
+1 (888) 286-8010 (U.S. domestic)
+1 (617) 801-6888 (international)
Passcode: 530 159 41












Latest Annual Letter










View the 2016 Annual Chairman’s Message  (PDF  721 KB)












Read now: Letter from Our Chairman on the 10th Anniversary of the BX IPO







Total Distributions Paid since IPO
$13.73





Total Return4 since IPO
distributions reinvested







Contact Information 


Shareholders’ annual K-1 tax forms for 2016 are now available here1
SHAREHOLDER RELATIONS

    The Blackstone Group L.P.
    345 Park Avenue
    New York, NY 10154 
US: +1 888-756-8443
International: +1 646-313-6590
BlackstoneShareholderRelations@Blackstone.com


Stock Transfer Agent

    American Stock Transfer & Trust Company Operations Center
    6201 15th Avenue
    Brooklyn, NY 11219 
+1 800-937-5449
www.amstock.com







Upcoming Events

Upcoming Events
Past Events







There are no upcoming events currently scheduled.












1Shareholders refers to common unitholders of Blackstone Group L.P.
    2Shares refers to common units of Blackstone Group L.P.
    3Historical dividend yield based on most recent closing price and Last Twelve Months Cash Distributions to shareholders of $2.11 per unit; past performance is no indication of future results.
    4Calculation of distributions since IPO and Total Return figures include $0.59/unit of value distributed to shareholders upon spin-off of PJT on October 1, 2015. Total return assumes reinvestment of distributions, including the value of the PJT spin-off. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
    
















Quick Links










Explore Blackstone










Get in Touch


























 
 Back to Top



Quick Links
										


The Firm


Shareholders


Investors


Our People




Get in Touch
										


Careers


Our Offices


Investor Login


Contact Us




Explore Blackstone
										


Private Equity


Tactical Opportunities


Strategic Partners


Real Estate


Hedge Fund Solutions (BAAM)


Credit (GSO)


Innovations and Infrastructure


Registered Funds









 





English | 官话 (Chinese) | 日本語 (Japanese)


									© 2017 The Blackstone Group L.P.
								

Transparency & Disclosure | Legal | Privacy | 
🍪s
Cookie Notice




































         
	Overview
    



















9d4b21c6-35a8-4ce7-97b5-772a310620b6






Investors
A trusted partner to the world’s top institutional investors





Who We Serve

As a leader in alternative asset management, we are a trusted partner to many of the world’s top institutional and individual investors, including retirement systems which represent 29 million pensioners in the United States and millions more internationally. As careful stewards of capital, we strive to provide solutions that create lasting value for our investors, the companies in which we invest and society at large. 

By making companies stronger and better positioned for long-term growth, we can help create good jobs, support local communities and, ultimately, secure the future of millions of people around the world.

To access our Limited Partner Portal, BXAccess, click here.







				Blackstone President Tony James on Creating Value for Investors
			






LONG TERM Returns & Capital Preservation  The firm’s goal is to deliver enhanced returns and capital preservation over the long term through a rigorous application of our intellectual and financial capital. All of our businesses reflect Blackstone’s strong partnership culture, commitment to exceptional performance and uncompromising integrity. 


OUR CLIENTS
First

Putting our clients’ interests first is at the core of our asset management philosophy. We also custom-tailor our investment strategies to clients’ specific needs. This approach has led to a high level of client satisfaction: based on committed capital, 87% of our investor base has reinvested in successive Blackstone funds and approximately 83% have reinvested in other funds across our brand.





“ “Practicing the art of the long view has enabled us to outperform across the broad spectrum of alternative asset classes for three decades. We are sharply focused on delivering excellent investment performance, being responsible stewards of our investors’ capital, managing risk, seeking out new opportunities, and innovating. ”  - STEPHEN A. SCHWARZMAN CHAIRMAN, CEO & CO-FOUNDER   













 
 



$371b
Assets Under Management

clicktap for more details




$100b
Assets Under Management

Private Equity




$94.5b
Assets Under Management

Credit




$104b
Assets Under Management

Real Estate




$72.5b
Assets Under Management

Hedge Fund Solutions 





 
 








Our Scale
Global Reach across Asset Classes


Through our various investment vehicles we preserve and protect $371 billion* in assets for public and corporate pension funds, academic, cultural and charitable organizations, among others. Our diverse range of funds make private equity, real estate, credit and hedge fund investments all over the world. In addition, we provide investment advice and management services to institutional investors through a variety of separately managed accounts.







 Our Priority  Everything we do is guided by a set of principles that define our character and culture; they have been at the core of Blackstone since its inception. These enduring qualities are the shared convictions that we bring to our professional and personal conduct – they are a fundamental strength of our business.  Above all, we have made it our No. 1 priority to serve the needs of our investors and clients. This commitment is reflected in a culture that values integrity, professionalism and a passion for excellence. It also leads us to operate with prudence, financial discipline, a long-term perspective, and a clear understanding that trust is something we must earn every day.  




 Guiding Principles    Accountability Our capital and reputation are always on the line   Excellence Anything else is never acceptable   Integrity Leadership demands responsibility   Teamwork Always makes us better   Entrepreneurship Using creativity to find opportunities overlooked by others    













Quick Links






Explore Blackstone






Get in Touch



























  Back to Top




 



© 2016 The Blackstone Group L.P. | English | 中文 (Chinese)
Transparency & Disclosure | Legal | Privacy | Cookie Notice | Japan Disclaimer



プライバシー・ポリシー  | 法規制に基づく開示
ブラックストーン・グループ・ジャパン株式会社金融商品取引業者 関東財務局（金商）第１７８５号加入協会/日本証券業協会　一般社団法人第二種金融商品取引業協会




×Stay up-to-dateEmail AlertsTo receive email notifications when press releases or Byron Wien's Market Commentaries are posted, sign up for email alerts here. email address (required) first name (required) last name (required) company name job title  Byron Wien Market Commentary
							  Blackstone Press Releases
							   Submit


Cookie Information and Consent RequestBlackstone Cookie PolicyThis website uses cookies, including third-party cookies, which allow Blackstone to obtain information about your visit to the website. Please click on the link "Learn More" below if you would like more information about the cookies used on this website and how to select certain cookies. You will also be able to refuse the installation of certain cookies. By continuing to use this website (clicking on a picture or link under this banner), you consent to the use of cookies.
Learn More Continue 


×
Contact UsGeneralFor office-specific contact information, please visit our offices page. Switchboard: +1 (212) 583-5000Email Alerts & Investor RelationsTo receive email notifications when press releases or Byron Wien’s Market Commentaries are posted, sign up for email alerts here.
For investor relations contact information or to receive email notifications for SEC filings, events, end of day stock quotes, and financial reports, please visit our Investor Relations page.
Investor Relations Contact InformationUS: +1 888-756-8443International: +1 646-313-6590BlackstoneInvestorRelations@blackstone.com Media ContactsFor media inquiries or recent press releases, please click here.





 
         
	Press Releases
    





















9d4b21c6-35a8-4ce7-97b5-772a310620b6






Media
Stay up to date with the latest Blackstone news





  
Overview
  
Press Releases
  
Market Commentary
  
Videos
  
Blog
 
Press Releases    Receive Press Releases by Email







		Select year
		


All

2017201620152014201320122011201020092008200720062005200420032002200120001998









                Jul 24, 2017
          

Blackstone Acquires Clarion



		London, July 24, 2017  – Private equity funds managed by Blackstone (“Blackstone”) announce the acquisition of Clarion Events, one of the world’s leading independent events organisers, from private equity funds managed by Providence Equity Partners (“Providence”).
	








(?)























                Jul 20, 2017
          

Blackstone Reports Second Quarter 2017 Results



		Blackstone will host a conference call on July 20th, 2017 at 11:00 a.m. ET to discuss second quarter 2017 results. 
	








(?)























                Jul 06, 2017
          

Blackstone to Acquire International Market Centers, Inc. 



		High Point, NC & Las Vegas, NV, July 6, 2017 – Blackstone announced today that funds managed by Blackstone Real Estate Partners and Blackstone Tactical Opportunities entered into a definitive agreement to acquire International Market Centers, Inc. (“IMC”), the world's largest owner and operator of premier showroom space for the furnishings, home decor and gift industries, from Bain Capital Private Equity, LP and funds managed by Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.  Fireside Investments is also expected to partner with Blackstone in the acquisition. Financial terms of the transaction were not disclosed.
	








(?)























                Jun 29, 2017
          

Blackstone Announces Second Quarter 2017 Media Call



		Blackstone (NYSE:BX) announced today that it will host a conference call for the media on Thursday, July 20, 2017 at 9:30 a.m. ET to review second quarter 2017 results.
	








(?)























                Jun 29, 2017
          

Blackstone Announces Second Quarter 2017 Investor Call



		Blackstone (NYSE:BX) announced today that it will host its second quarter 2017 investor conference call on Thursday, July 20, 2017 at 11:00 a.m. ET.
	








(?)























                Jun 23, 2017
          

Blackstone Energy Partners and Fisterra Energy Announce the Financial Closing of the Tierra Mojada Power Plant in Guadalajara, Mexico



		New York, June 23, 2017 – Fisterra Energy, a company majority owned by Blackstone’s (NYSE: BX) energy-focused private equity fund, Blackstone Energy Partners, and global private equity fund, Blackstone Capital Partners, today announced it has achieved a financial closing for the Tierra Mojada combined-cycle gas turbine (CCGT) power plant in Guadalajara, Mexico. 
	








(?)























                Jun 19, 2017
          

Blackstone Invests in TOG



		The Office Group (“TOG”) and Blackstone Real Estate Partners Europe V (“Blackstone”) are pleased to announce that Blackstone has agreed to acquire a majority interest in TOG from Lloyd Dorfman CBE putting an enterprise value on TOG of approximately £500m.
	








(?)























                Jun 19, 2017
          

Celanese and Blackstone To Form Joint Venture in Acetate Tow 



		Celanese Corporation (NYSE: CE), a global technology and specialty materials company, and funds managed by Blackstone (NYSE: BX), one of the world’s leading investment firms, today announced a definitive agreement to form a JV that will create a global acetate tow supplier. Celanese and Blackstone will own 70 percent and 30 percent of the JV, respectively.
	








(?)























                Jun 08, 2017
          

Blackstone Real Estate Partners Europe V Raises €7.8 Billion



		Blackstone (NYSE:BX) today announced that it has held its final close on its fifth European opportunistic real estate fund, Blackstone Real Estate Partners Europe V (“BREP Europe V”). Together with commitments from Blackstone and its affiliates, BREP Europe V has €7.8 billion of capital commitments, making it the largest ever dedicated European Real Estate fund. 
	








(?)























                Jun 05, 2017
          

Blackstone Invests in Ascenty to Fuel Data Center Expansion Plans



		New York, June 5, 2017 – Blackstone (NYSE: BX) announced today that funds managed by Blackstone Tactical Opportunities have made an equity investment in Ascenty, the leading provider of data center & telecom services in Brazil.
	








(?)























                Jun 02, 2017
          

Mayor Emanuel, Blackstone Charitable Foundation and World Business Chicago Announce First Blackstone Inclusive Entrepreneurship Challenge Cohort



		Organizations Awarded $1 Million in Grants as part of $3 Million Commitment to Support Chicago Entrepreneurs
	








(?)























                Jun 02, 2017
          

Blackstone Announces €12.25 billion Sale of Logicor to China Investment Corporation



		June 2, 2017 – Blackstone (NYSE:BX) announces that real estate funds managed by Blackstone (“Blackstone”) have agreed to sell their pan European logistics company, Logicor, to affiliates of China Investment Corporation (“CIC”) for €12.25 billion. 
	








(?)























                May 25, 2017
          

Blackstone Reaches 50,000 American Military Veterans Hiring Target Ahead of Schedule; Commits to New, Additional 50,000 Veterans Hiring Goal



		Blackstone today announced that it has reached its goal of hiring 50,000 American military veterans, caregivers and spouses across its portfolio of companies, one year ahead of its original five-year target. The firm also announced it has committed to a new goal of hiring 50,000 additional military veterans, caregivers, and spouses in the next five years.
	








(?)























                May 20, 2017
          

Blackstone to Launch $40 Billion Infrastructure Investment Vehicle and New Infrastructure Business



		New York, May 20, 2017 – Blackstone and the Public Investment Fund (“PIF”) of Saudi Arabia announced today the execution of a memorandum of understanding in relation to the launch of a new investment vehicle dedicated to infrastructure with an anchor $20 billion contribution by PIF.
	








(?)























                May 01, 2017
          

Blackstone completes acquisition of Aon Hewitt’s Technology-Enabled Benefits & Cloud-Based HR Service Platform



		New York, May 1, 2017 – Blackstone (NYSE: BX) today announced that private equity funds affiliated with Blackstone have completed the acquisition of Aon plc’s (NYSE: AON) technology-enabled benefits and human resources platform for a cash consideration of up to $4.8 billion, including $4.3 billion at closing and an additional consideration of up to $500 million based on future performance.
	








(?)























                Apr 20, 2017
          

Blackstone Reports First Quarter 2017 Results



		Blackstone will host a conference call on April 20th, 2017 at 11:00 a.m. ET to discuss first quarter 2017 results. 
	








(?)























                Apr 17, 2017
          

Blackstone Energy Partners to Acquire EagleClaw Midstream Ventures



		EagleClaw Midstream Ventures, LLC (“EagleClaw”) and its financial sponsor, EnCap Flatrock Midstream, announced today that they have entered into a binding agreement to sell the company to funds managed by Blackstone Energy Partners and Blackstone Capital Partners for approximately $2 billion. 
	








(?)























                Apr 12, 2017
          

Blackstone Invests in De Nora



		Blackstone (NYSE: BX) announces that funds managed by Blackstone Tactical Opportunities, have agreed to make a substantial investment in De Nora, the leading global designer, manufacturer and supplier of electrode and water technology. 
	








(?)























                Mar 31, 2017
          

Blackstone Completes Acquisition of OfficeFirst



		OfficeFirst Immobilien AG (“OfficeFirst”), a leading German real estate investor and manager, announces that European real estate funds managed by Blackstone have completed the acquisition of the company.
	








(?)























                Mar 30, 2017
          

Blackstone Announces First Quarter 2017 Media Call



		 Blackstone (NYSE:BX) announced today that it will host a conference call for the media on Thursday, April 20, 2017 at 9:30 a.m. ET to review first quarter 2017 results.
	








(?)
























12345678910...














Quick Links






Explore Blackstone






Get in Touch



























  Back to Top




 



© 2016 The Blackstone Group L.P. | English | 中文 (Chinese)
Transparency & Disclosure | Legal | Privacy | Cookie Notice | Japan Disclaimer



プライバシー・ポリシー  | 法規制に基づく開示
ブラックストーン・グループ・ジャパン株式会社金融商品取引業者 関東財務局（金商）第１７８５号加入協会/日本証券業協会　一般社団法人第二種金融商品取引業協会




×Stay up-to-dateEmail AlertsTo receive email notifications when press releases or Byron Wien's Market Commentaries are posted, sign up for email alerts here. email address (required) first name (required) last name (required) company name job title  Byron Wien Market Commentary
							  Blackstone Press Releases
							   Submit


Cookie Information and Consent RequestBlackstone Cookie PolicyThis website uses cookies, including third-party cookies, which allow Blackstone to obtain information about your visit to the website. Please click on the link "Learn More" below if you would like more information about the cookies used on this website and how to select certain cookies. You will also be able to refuse the installation of certain cookies. By continuing to use this website (clicking on a picture or link under this banner), you consent to the use of cookies.
Learn More Continue 


×
Contact UsGeneralFor office-specific contact information, please visit our offices page. Switchboard: +1 (212) 583-5000Email Alerts & Investor RelationsTo receive email notifications when press releases or Byron Wien’s Market Commentaries are posted, sign up for email alerts here.
For investor relations contact information or to receive email notifications for SEC filings, events, end of day stock quotes, and financial reports, please visit our Investor Relations page.
Investor Relations Contact InformationUS: +1 888-756-8443International: +1 646-313-6590BlackstoneInvestorRelations@blackstone.com Media ContactsFor media inquiries or recent press releases, please click here.





 
         
	Private Equity
    


















9d4b21c6-35a8-4ce7-97b5-772a310620b6






Private Equity
Putting Capital to Work, Making Companies Stronger.





Overview Our investments span a wide range of industries around the world in established and growth-oriented businesses alike. Playing a vital role in helping companies realize their growth potential, we uncover value by identifying great companies and enhancing their performance by providing patient capital and operating support to strong management teams. Our approach helps our portfolio companies grow core businesses, launch new initiatives, make transformative acquisitions and upgrade technologies and systems to support their long-term strategy.   
We provide more than just capital. We seek to make the companies we invest in stronger through a bottoms-up strategy of transformation. Crucially, we bring the expertise of our Portfolio Operations Group to provide strategic guidance on a variety of operational improvements, including revenue growth, procurement, leadership development, lean process and IT optimization, energy sustainability, and employee health care.
  







				A Message from Joe Baratta, Global Head of Private Equity
			










DRIVING
Transformative Impact  We strive to create value by investing in great businesses where our capital, strategic insight, global relationships and operational support can drive transformation that unlocks the company’s potential. In addition to benefiting our investors, the improvements in growth and global competitiveness benefit workers, communities and other stakeholders. 
We are patient investors who practice the art of the long view, and are committed to achieving the best long-term outcomes for our businesses and our investors. 
 


DISCIPLINED
Due Diligence  Our investment approach is based on a disciplined due diligence process that measures risk while identifying the catalysts for increased value. We purposefully engage only in friendly transactions and work with talented management teams to achieve transformative results. Our specialized Portfolio Operations Group helps to maximize value by improving processes across varied elements of a business’s operations.    
The returns that these investments earn for our investors – pension funds, academic and charitable institutions, governments and other institutions, as well as retail investors – help to secure and grow the assets needed to support retirees and fund essential programs.
 











$100 billion AUM

Blackstone is a global leader in private equity, with $100 billion in assets under management through our opportunistic and private equity segments.






82 Portfolio 
Companies 
Our portfolio of 82 companies with over $66 billion in combined annual revenue employs more than 511,000 people around the world.


 
 Over 250 Private Equity 
Professionals

Our team of over 250 private equity professionals around the world are based out of offices in the U.S., Europe and Asia.
All numbers are as of June 30, 2017. 








 $37.5billion
Available Capital to Invest




“ “We are constantly looking for situations where we see something, or we are able to add value in a way that our competitors don't. Our people feel the obligation to go out there and find special situations where we can intervene to drive change.”  - Joseph Baratta Global Head of Private Equity   











   
Pro-active, targeted sourcing  Sector-based, theme-driven deal sourcing is the primary responsibility and mandate of our investment professionals. We aim to source high-quality and proprietary investment opportunities by proactively developing and leveraging strong relationships with companies and key deal intermediaries. At regular pipeline meetings with sector teams, we review potential opportunities and determine what resources – both internal and external – are best suited to pursue those opportunities.  




   
Value-oriented discipline In determining value for new investments, we focus on a business’s current outlook and judge the predictability of that outlook over time, while also factoring in what we can do for the business to drive even better outcomes after our acquisition. 
  




   
Transformational operating improvements 
We actively target companies in which significant value can be created through clear strategic and operational change, and created our Portfolio Operations Group to provide hands-on support to help our portfolio companies become more productive, efficient and valuable. Once a company joins the portfolio, we help management craft a plan to reach their full potential over the long term, and provide assistance as they put this plan into practice.  




Our Portfolio


We are proud of Blackstone’s role as a positive economic catalyst for the companies in our Corporate Private Equity portfolio. We work to identify, invest in and enhance the value of great businesses.


Global in scope, our Corporate Private Equity group has offices in Toronto, New York, London, Dusseldorf, Mumbai, Singapore, Hong Kong, and Sydney. As of June 30, 2017, our Corporate Private Equity funds held interests in 82 companies.








Growth Equity



Development Projects



Buy and Build Platforms



Traditional Leveraged Buyouts 












Traditional Leveraged Buyouts 

We pursue control leveraged buyouts of both large and mid-cap companies globally

                Our large buyouts tend to be in companies of global scale with strong brands and high relative market shares, where we can still drive growth and operating improvements.  Our mid-cap buyouts tend to be of companies that are differentiated vs. larger competitors and have protected market niches and multiple avenues of growth and operating improvements.
            










						December 2015



In December 2015, private equity funds managed by Blackstone, along with Corsair Capital and co-investors from each firm, acquired a majority stake in First Eagle Investment Management, a privately-held asset management firm focused on fundamental, flexible and benchmark-agnostic investing on behalf of institutional and individual clients.





Back


Website












						February 2014



In February 2014, private equity funds managed by Blackstone acquired from Deutsche Telekom a stake in Scout24, Germany’s leading online classifieds company. Scout24 operates two leading online classified websites in Germany as well other market-leading online businesses in 6 other Western European countries.
Photo Credit: ©Scout24 AG
				




Back


Website












						December 2011



In December 2011, private equity funds managed by Blackstone acquired Emdeon, now known as Change Healthcare, a leading provider of revenue and payment cycle management solutions connecting payers, providers, pharmacies, and patients.  Change Healthcare’s Intelligent Healthcare Network processes 7.4 billion claims transactions annually, worth $1 trillion in claims value.





Back


Website
















						February 2015



In February 2015, private equity funds managed by Blackstone acquired Ixom via a corporate carve-out from ASX listed Orica Limited. Ixom is the largest independent chemical distributor in Australia and New Zealand and is also Australia’s largest chlor-alkali manufacturer and marketer of caustic soda and chlorine based products.





Back


Website












						March 2014



In March 2014, private equity funds managed by Blackstone acquired Pactera Technology International, a leading IT outsourcing and consulting service provider in China.





Back


Website












						November 2012



In November 2012, private equity funds managed by Blackstone acquired Vivint, a leading provider of smart home technology and services in North America. In October 2014, we completed an initial public offering of sister company Vivint Solar (NYSE: VSLR), a leading provider of distributed solar energy in the U.S. with the nation’s second largest residential solar power portfolio.





Back


Website


Press Release












						April 2011



In April 2011, private equity funds managed by Blackstone acquired Mivisa, one of Spain’s largest manufacturers of metal cans for food products and Europe’s third-largest, which it helped continue expanding internationally through building two new factories and growing its emerging markets presence.





Back


Website













Buy and Build Platforms

Smaller companies, scalable platforms, backable management teams

                In our “buy-and-build” transactions we tend to invest in smaller companies that have scalable platforms and backable management teams in large, fragmented industries, where we believe there are substantial revenue and margin benefits from sector consolidation.
            














						August 2014



In August 2014, private equity funds managed by Blackstone invested in Service King, one of the largest and fastest growing collision repair networks in the U.S.





Back


Website












						April 2014



In April 2014, private equity funds managed by Blackstone acquired Accuvant, which, in January 2015, merged with FishNet Security to form Optiv, a leading provider of IT security technology and consulting services in the U.S.





Back


Website













Development Projects

Greenfield and later-stage development projects

                We make both control and non-control investments in greenfield and later-stage development projects in energy and power and related sectors.
            










						May 2012



In May 2012, private equity funds managed by Blackstone together made a $1.5bn equity commitment to Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. in order to fund the construction of the Sabine Pass Liquefaction terminal, the first LNG liquefaction and export facility in the continental United States.





Back


Website
















						April 2011



In April 2011, private equity funds managed by Blackstone formed a joint venture with Alta Resources to pursue emerging oil and gas shale plays in North America.  The partnership acquired over 67,000 acres in the Duvernay shale play in Alberta, Canada, which were sold to Chevron (NYSE: CVX) in September 2013.





Back


Website












						November 2012



In November 2012, private equity funds managed by Blackstone formed a strategic partnership and made an investment with LLOG Exploration, one of the largest domestic, private oil and gas companies focused on exploration and development in the deep water Gulf of Mexico. In April 2015, the partnership’s Delta House floating production facility (“FPS”) achieved first production.





Back


Website













Growth Equity

Control and non-control growth equity investments

                We make both control and non-control growth equity investments where our capital and operating expertise can act as catalysts for substantial revenue and enterprise value growth
            










						December 2012



In December 2012, private equity funds managed by Blackstone invested in International Tractors Limited which manufactures Sonalika Farm Equipment and Tractors. It is one of the largest manufacturers in India with a strong presence in the tractor export market.







Back


Website
















						February 2014



In February 2014, private equity funds managed by Blackstone acquired a 20% minority stake in Versace to work alongside the Versace family to achieve the growth potential of the brand.





Back


Website












						December 2011



In December 2011, private equity funds managed by Blackstone acquired a 45% interest in Leica Camera, an iconic brand and a leading manufacturer of premium digital cameras and sport optics.





Back


Website







 












 Investor Documents Distribution History Corporate Governance 




SHARESNAV/Share: $1,268.99  As of 05/31/2015
 Prospectus Statement of Additional Information Privacy Notice Semi-Annual Report 


 SHARES NAV/Share: $1,268.99  As of 05/31/2015
 SEC Filings Documents for Tender Offer on Sept 20, 2015 Fact Card 2014 Distribution Information 




 Investor Documents Distribution History Corporate Governance 




SHARESNAV/Share: $1,268.99  As of 05/31/2015
 Prospectus Statement of Additional Information Privacy Notice Semi-Annual Report 


 SHARES NAV/Share: $1,268.99  As of 05/31/2015
 SEC Filings Documents for Tender Offer on Sept 20, 2015 Fact Card 2014 Distribution Information 





























   Back to Top
 








Quick Links



Explore Blackstone



Get in Touch




























© 2016 The Blackstone Group L.P. | English | 中文 (Chinese)

Transparency & Disclosure | Legal | Privacy | Cookie Notice | Japan Disclaimer


プライバシー・ポリシー   | 法規制に基づく開示
ブラックストーン・グループ・ジャパン株式会社
金融商品取引業者 関東財務局（金商）第１７８５号
加入協会/ 一般社団法人第二種金融商品取引業協会







Cookie Information and Consent Request
Blackstone Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies, including third-party cookies, which allow Blackstone to obtain information about your visit to the website. Please click on the link "Learn More" below if you would like more information about the cookies used on this website and how to select certain cookies. You will also be able to refuse the installation of certain cookies. By continuing to use this website (clicking on a picture or link under this banner), you consent to the use of cookies.

 Learn More 
Continue 







×
Stay up-to-date
Email Alerts


To receive email notifications when press releases or Byron Wien's Market Commentaries are posted, sign up for email alerts here.
 
 email address (required)  

 first name (required)  
 last name (required)  


 company name  
 job title  



  
Byron Wien Market Commentary
 
  
Blackstone Press Releases
 




    Submit 






 ×
Contact Us
General

For office-specific contact information, please visit our offices page. 
 Switchboard: +1 (212) 583-5000

Email Alerts & Investor Relations

To receive email notifications when press releases or Byron Wien’s Market Commentaries are posted, sign up for email alerts here.


For investor relations contact information or to receive email notifications for SEC filings, events, end of day stock quotes, and financial reports, please visit our Investor Relations page.

Investor Relations Contact Information
  US: +1 888-756-8443
 International: +1 646-313-6590
 BlackstoneInvestorRelations@blackstone.com 

Media Contacts

For media inquiries or recent press releases, please click here.












 


Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












         
	Real Estate
    


















9d4b21c6-35a8-4ce7-97b5-772a310620b6






Real Estate
 





Who We Are
We are the largest real estate private equity firm in the world today with $104 billion of assets under management. We operate around the globe with investments and people in North America, Europe, Asia and Latin America. We seek to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for our investors across cycles and over the long term. The Blackstone Real Estate platform encompasses investments across the risk spectrum from opportunistic to core+ to debt. 

We seek to acquire high quality investments at discounts to replacement cost. We then improve the properties through hands-on management and targeted value-add initiatives. Our efforts result in solid returns for investors and strong economic assets for communities. Blackstone’s real estate portfolio includes office, retail, hotel, industrial and residential properties. Major holdings include Hilton Worldwide, Invitation Homes (single family homes), Logicor (pan-European logistics), SCPG (Chinese shopping malls), and prime office buildings in the world’s major cities. Blackstone real estate also operates one of the leading real estate finance platforms, including management of the publicly traded Blackstone Mortgage Trust (NYSE:BXMT).









				A Message from Jon Gray, Global Head of Real Estate
			






















 $104b of
Investor Capital
Blackstone’s proprietary data enables it to target specific themes with conviction and deploy significant amounts of discretionary capital. Blackstone Real Estate deployed more than $69.9b of discretionary capital since the global financial crisis.




 
Approximately $200b
Value of Gross Assets

The breadth of Blackstone Real Estate’s portfolio provides valuable real-time proprietary market data. We believe this information enables Blackstone to identify mispriced and/or out-of-favor asset classes more rapidly than its competitors.






 451+ Real Estate
Professionals

The team consists of over 451 real estate professionals in 12 offices around the globe. We believe this breadth enables Blackstone to identify and evaluate opportunities worldwide.






$104billion
Total Assets Under Management




“ “By investing in real estate assets around the globe, we’re helping to build a secure financial future for millions of employees, retirees, schools, non-profit organizations and others. We’re enhancing the value of properties that anchor communities and create good jobs.”   - Jonathan D. Gray Global Head of Real Estate   








 
 
Opportunistic 
 Buy it, Fix it, Sell it. Our opportunistic platform employs a straightforward investment strategy. We seek to acquire high quality, well located assets at discounts to replacement cost, address any property or business issues through aggressive asset management, and sell the assets once Blackstone Real Estate’s objectives are accomplished.


 




 
 
Core+

Blackstone Real Estate’s Core+ business seeks to leverage Blackstone’s “buy it, fix it” strategy to deliver compelling risk-adjusted returns in the core+ space. We target high quality assets in gateway cities with a more modest risk profile, longer hold periods, and a significant current income component. 
 




 
 
Debt 

With over $41 billion of loans made or acquired since its inception in 2008, Blackstone Real Estate’s debt strategies group has established itself as a leading platform providing creative lending solutions.
 



our approach


    




      




      ×    watch video     



 









Blackstone Real Estate Strategy
                





Buy it
We acquire high-quality, income-producing assets at discounts to replacement cost.





Fix it
We unlock value by proactively addressing any physical or operating issues through aggressive asset management.





Sell it
Once assets are stabilized we sell the investments to long term real estate holders and return capital to our investors.



 


 
 
One Global Organization

Blackstone Real Estate is a deeply integrated global business that relies on constant communication, frequent asset strategy reviews with the entire global team, and relocations of professionals among its offices in order to effectively instill its process and culture worldwide. Blackstone Real Estate has one centralized investment committee that meets weekly to carefully review and challenge every investment around the world. This committee is comprised of the 27 real estate partners who average 12 years at the firm (SMDs).
 




 
 
Blackstone Advantage

Blackstone Real Estate’s unparalleled relationships within the industry allow Blackstone to identify and execute large complicated transactions with speed and certainty at attractive pricing metrics. Blackstone has operating platforms dedicated to logistics, office, hotel, retail, residential and loan servicing. These platforms provide invaluable real-time proprietary market data informing our team of market and property conditions and trends.
 




 
 
Uniquely Positioned

Our large discretionary capital base, global footprint, and dominant competitive position support our strategy of investing with conviction. The ability to execute in scale with speed and certainty makes Blackstone Real Estate a compelling solution for sellers and borrowers.
 



 

Our Portfolio




Retail



Residential



Industrial



Office



Hotel




 







Office

222 million square feet of office space globally

                One of the largest owners of office properties in the U.S. 

* As of June 30, 2017
















Willis Tower is a 3.8 million square foot, 110-story mixed use tower in downtown Chicago. The iconic property is the second tallest office building in the U.S, and its SkyDeck/Ledge is the most popular tourist attraction in the city. Blackstone Real Estate has embarked on an extensive renovation plan that includes a comprehensive repositioning of the building’s retail space, state-of-the-art amenities, and new entertainment options that we believe will complement and enhance the building’s standing as one of Chicago’s premier tourist destinations.





Back


Website


Press Release












						November 2006



Blackstone is a leading owner of office space in India, spanning over 30 million square feet across all major cities. Since our first investment in 2011, Blackstone has built a portfolio of Grade-A office parks that provide best-in-class facilities and infrastructure to ensure a comfortable and enriching environment for our largely multinational tenants. 





Back













Retail

79 million square feet of retail assets 

                One of the most active investors in retail since 2011

* As of June 30, 2017















						October 2015



With Multi Corp, Blackstone was able to acquire control of the company through multiple purchases of its distressed corporate debt beginning in 2012, and converted these positions into the equity ownership of one of Europe’s leading owners and managers of high quality shopping centers. Multi owns and/or manages a portfolio of 161 shopping centers, factory outlets, and retail parks in 13 countries across Europe. After acquiring control, Blackstone strengthened the company’s balance sheet, transforming Multi into a well-capitalized, growth-oriented platform.





Back


Website













Through its investment in SCP Group, China’s largest non-family controlled mall company, Blackstone controls a portfolio of 21 mass-market malls across 17 first and second-tier Chinese cities.  The portfolio offers the opportunity to capitalize on China’s emerging consumer and the country’s shift towards a consumption-driven economy.  The malls have continued to achieve compelling sales growth despite a slowdown in China’s overall GDP growth rate.





Back


Website













Hotel

211,000 hotel keys globally

                One of the largest hospitality investors in the U.S. 

* As of June 30, 2017











						May 2012



We recognized an opportunity in Motel 6 to transform an undermanaged company by implementing a system-wide renovation and franchise growth program.   The company has benefited from our successful track record in the branded, limited service / economy hotel segment, achieving significant growth since we acquired Motel 6 in 2012. Today Motel 6 is the largest owner/operator in the U.S. economy lodging segment with more than 1,100 motels nationwide.





Back


Website


Press Release
















						July 2007



With Hilton, Blackstone’s largest-ever investment, we chose a great business and put in place an outstanding management team, focused on accelerating the company’s global growth. Seven years after our initial investment, we brought Hilton back to the public market, with 44% more hotels than when we acquired it. 





Back


Website












						December 2014



The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas is an iconic, luxury resort hotel and casino located in the heart of the Las Vegas Strip. Since acquiring the property at a 60% discount to its construction cost in 2014, we have been focused on driving operating performance. We are converting underutilized space into new rooms and retail, introducing fresh restaurant concepts, and upgrading the high-end gaming experience. Our “fix it” plan is working as the resort was recently named to the Conde Nast Traveller Gold List as one of the “Top Hotels in the World”.





Back


Website


Press Release













Industrial

252 million square feet in industrial properties

                 One of the most active investors in the sector since 2010

* As of June 30, 2017















						February 2015



Logicor is the largest owner of European modern logistics and distribution properties, spanning over 133 million square feet across 18 countries including the United Kingdom, France and Germany. The platform has benefitted from our continued focus on operational improvements and commitment to creating a best-in-class operating platform since our first investment in 2012





Back


Website













Residential

145,000 multifamily units

                Major investor across the U.S. and globally

* As of June 30, 2017
















Stuyvesant Town / Peter Cooper Village is an irreplaceable apartment community totaling 11,200 units in 56 buildings on 80 acres in Manhattan’s East Village. The community was developed to provide affordable housing for returning World War II veterans and has been an important part of New York City ever since. Blackstone Real Estate leveraged its relationships and ability to transact in scale with speed and certainty to acquire the property at a highly compelling basis. The most important aspect of the transaction was Blackstone’s partnership with the City of New York to protect 5,000 affordable apartments for 20 years – the most units preserved for affordability ever at one time in the city’s history. Our agreement also limited rent increases on an additional 1,400 units that otherwise would have lost rent protection in 2020.





Back


Website












						December 2014



Invitation Homes is the leading provider of single-family homes for rent in 13 markets across the U.S. Blackstone created a leading single-family home rental platform in 13 metropolitan markets across the U.S. The platform creates jobs and provides high quality, affordable housing for families nationwide.





Back


Website






















































   Back to Top
 








Quick Links



Explore Blackstone



Get in Touch




























© 2016 The Blackstone Group L.P. | English | 中文 (Chinese)

Transparency & Disclosure | Legal | Privacy | Cookie Notice | Japan Disclaimer


プライバシー・ポリシー   | 法規制に基づく開示
ブラックストーン・グループ・ジャパン株式会社
金融商品取引業者 関東財務局（金商）第１７８５号
加入協会/ 一般社団法人第二種金融商品取引業協会







Cookie Information and Consent Request
Blackstone Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies, including third-party cookies, which allow Blackstone to obtain information about your visit to the website. Please click on the link "Learn More" below if you would like more information about the cookies used on this website and how to select certain cookies. You will also be able to refuse the installation of certain cookies. By continuing to use this website (clicking on a picture or link under this banner), you consent to the use of cookies.

 Learn More 
Continue 







×
Stay up-to-date
Email Alerts


To receive email notifications when press releases or Byron Wien's Market Commentaries are posted, sign up for email alerts here.
 
 email address (required)  

 first name (required)  
 last name (required)  


 company name  
 job title  



  
Byron Wien Market Commentary
 
  
Blackstone Press Releases
 




    Submit 






 ×
Contact Us
General

For office-specific contact information, please visit our offices page. 
 Switchboard: +1 (212) 583-5000

Email Alerts & Investor Relations

To receive email notifications when press releases or Byron Wien’s Market Commentaries are posted, sign up for email alerts here.


For investor relations contact information or to receive email notifications for SEC filings, events, end of day stock quotes, and financial reports, please visit our Investor Relations page.

Investor Relations Contact Information
  US: +1 888-756-8443
 International: +1 646-313-6590
 BlackstoneInvestorRelations@blackstone.com 

Media Contacts

For media inquiries or recent press releases, please click here.












 


BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE PARTNERS VI TE 2 L P - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE PARTNERS VI TE 2 L P
Check out list of companies and businesses related to BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE PARTNERS VI TE 2 L P. Find out BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE PARTNERS VI TE 2 L P address and contact details. View other people related to BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE PARTNERS VI TE 2 L P - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

C/O THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P. 345 PARK AVENUE, NEW YORK 10154 NY




Companies related to BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE PARTNERS VI TE 2 L P
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001482512Hudson Pacific Properties, Inc.11601 WILSHIRE BLVD. SUITE 1600 LOS ANGELES 900250001581068Brixmor Property Group Inc.450 LEXINGTON AVENUE  NEW YORK 100170001585689Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc.10% Owner 7930 JONES BRANCH DRIVE, SUITE 1100  MCLEAN 221020001674168Hilton Grand Vacations Inc.10% Owner 6355 METROWEST BOULEVARD, SUITE 180  ORLANDO 32835




BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE PARTNERS VI TE 2 L P on the Web
Persons related to BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE PARTNERS VI TE 2 L P - Hudson Pacific Properties, Inc.NamePositionCityVouvalides  AlexanderLos AngelesTED R  ANTENUCCIDirector TED R  ANTENUCCIDirector LOS ANGELESTED R  ANTENUCCIDirector LOS ANGELESPorter  BarryLos AngelesChristopher James  BartonEVP,Development & Capital Inv LOS ANGELESChristopher James  BartonEVP,Operations and Development LOS ANGELESBlackhawk Services II LLCNEW YORKBLACKSTONE FAMILY GP LLCNEW YORKBlackstone Family Real Estate Partnership VI - SMD L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Group L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Group Management L.L.C.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings I/II GP IncNEW YORKBlackstone Holdings II L.P.10% Owner NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III GP L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III GP Management L.L.C.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Associates V L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Associates VI L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Holdings V L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Holdings VI L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners (AIV) VI L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners V.F L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners V LP10% Owner NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners V.TE.1 L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners V TE2 LPNEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VI (AV) L.P.10% Owner NEW YORKBLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE PARTNERS VI L PNEW YORKBLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE PARTNERS VI TE 1 L PNEW YORKBREA V L.L.C.10% Owner NEW YORKBREA VI L.L.C.NEW YORKBREP V Side-by-Side GP L.L.C.NEW YORKBREP VI Side-by-Side GP L.L.C.NEW YORKJames Mark  BurnettDirector LOS ANGELESBarton  ChristopherLos AngelesFrank  CohenNEW YORKVICTOR J  COLEMANChief Executive Officer LOS ANGELESVICTOR J  COLEMANChief Executive Officer LOS ANGELESVICTOR J  COLEMANChief Executive Officer LOS ANGELESShimoda  DaleLos AngelesHarout Krikor  DiramerianChief Accounting Officer LOS ANGELESHarout Krikor  DiramerianChief Accounting Officer LOS ANGELESFARALLON CAPITAL INSTITUTIONAL PARTNERS III LPSAN FRANCISCOFARALLON CAPITAL INSTITUTIONAL PARTNERS III LPSAN FRANCISCOFARALLON CAPITAL INSTITUTIONAL PARTNERS L PSAN FRANCISCOFarallon Capital Institutional Partners, L.P.SAN FRANCISCOFARALLON CAPITAL PARTNERS LP10% Owner SAN FRANCISCOPARTNERS L L C/CA  FARALLON10% Owner SAN FRANCISCOPARTNERS L L C/CA  FARALLON10% Owner SAN FRANCISCOMichael B.  FischSAN FRANCISCORICHARD B  FRIEDDirector SAN FRANSICORICHARD B  FRIEDDirector SAN FRANCISCOJONATHAN M  GLASERDirector JONATHAN M  GLASERLOS ANGELESJONATHAN M  GLASERDirector LOS ANGELESJONATHAN M  GLASERDirector LOS ANGELESJONATHAN M  GLASERDirector LOS ANGELESDiramerian  HaroutLos AngelesROBERT L  HARRIS IIDirector NEWPORT BEACHROBERT L  HARRIS IIDirector LOS ANGELESJoshua A.  HatfieldEVP, Operations LOS ANGELESDaniel J.  HirschSAN FRANCISCOStern  HowardLos AngelesHPP BFREP VI SMD HOLDCO A LLCNEW YORK,HPP BFREP VI SMD HOLDCO B LLCNEW YORKHPP BRE HOLDINGS V HOLDCO A LLCNEW YORKHPP BRE HOLDINGS V HOLDCO B LLCNEW YORKHPP BRE HOLDINGS VI HOLDCO A LLCNEW YORKHPP BRE HOLDINGS VI HOLDCO B LLC10% Owner NEW YORKHPP BREP (AIV) VI HOLDCO A LLCNEW YORKHPP BREP (AIV) VI HOLDCO B LLCNEW YORKHPP BREP V.F HOLDCO A LLCNEW YORKHPP BREP V.F HOLDCO B LLCNEW YORKHPP BREP V HOLDCO A LLC10% Owner NEW YORKHPP BREP V HOLDCO B LLC10% Owner NEW YORKHPP BREP V.TE.1 HOLDCO A LLCNEW YORKHPP BREP V.TE.1 HOLDCO B LLCNEW YORKHPP BREP V.TE.2 HOLDCO A LLCNEW YORKHPP BREP V.TE.2 HOLDCO B LLCNEW YORKHPP BREP VI AV HOLDCO A LLCNEW YORKHPP BREP VI AV HOLDCO B LLCNEW YORKHPP BREP VI HOLDCO A LLCNEW YORKHPP BREP VI HOLDCO B LLCNEW YORKHPP BREP VI.TE.1 HOLDCO A LLCNEW YORKHPP BREP VI.TE.1 HOLDCO B LLCNEW YORKHPP BREP VI.TE.2 HOLDCO A LLCNEW YORKHPP BREP VI.TE.2 HOLDCO B LLCNEW YORKSteven M.  JaffeChief Risk Officer LOS ANGELESGlaser  JonathanLos AngelesTidwell  KayLos AngelesDavid T  KimSAN FRANCISCOMARK T  LAMMASCOO, CFO and Treasurer LOS ANGELESMARK T  LAMMASChief Financial Officer LOS ANGELESMARK T  LAMMASChief Financial Officer LOS ANGELESMONICA R  LANDRYSAN FRANCISCOMONICA R  LANDRYSAN FRANCISCODavide  LeoneSAN FRANCISCOMark David  LinehanDirector LOS ANGELESMark David  LinehanDirector LOS ANGELESMichael G  LinnSAN FRANCISCODouglas M  MacMahonSAN FRANCISCOBurnett  MarkLos AngelesLinehan  MarkLos AngelesLammas  MarkLos AngelesSTEPHEN L  MILLHAMSAN FRANCISCORobert Matthew Jr.  MoranDirector LOS ANGELESRobert Matthew Jr.  MoranDirector LOS ANGELESNantucket Services, LLCNEW YORKMichael B.  NashNEW YORKRAJIV A  PATELSAN FRANCISCORAJIV A  PATELSAN FRANCISCOBarry Alan  PorterDirector LOS ANGELESBarry Alan  PorterDirector LOS ANGELESBarry Alan  PorterDirector LOS ANGELESFried  RichardLos AngelesMoran, Jr.  RobertLos AngelesThomas G. Jr.  RobertsCHARLOTTEThomas G. Jr.  RobertsSAN FRANCISCOThomas G. Jr.  RobertsSAN FRANCISCOJohn  SchreiberCHICAGOSTEPHEN A  SCHWARZMANNEW YORKSanford Dale  ShimodaEVP, Finance LOS ANGELESSanford Dale  ShimodaEVP, Finance LOS ANGELESAndrew J M  SpokesLONDONAndrew J M  SpokesSAN FRANCISCOHoward Steven  SternPresident LOS ANGELESTHOMAS F  STEYERSAN FRANCISCOArthur X.  SuazoEVP, Leasing LOS ANGELESAntenucci  TheodoreLos AngelesKay Lee  TidwellExecutive VP, General Counsel LOS ANGELESKay Lee  TidwellExecutive VP, General Counsel LOS ANGELESColeman  VictorLos AngelesAlex  VouvalidesChief Investment Officer LOS ANGELESJohn R.  WarrenSAN FRANCISCOMARK C  WEHRLYSAN FRANCISCOMARK C  WEHRLYSAN FRANCISCOPatrick  WhitesellDirector LOS ANGELESPersons related to BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE PARTNERS VI TE 2 L P - Brixmor Property Group Inc.NamePositionCityANUJ J  AGARWALNEW YORKAngela M  AmanEVP, Chief Financial Officer OAK BROOKMichael B  BermanDirector CHICAGOMICHAEL BRUCE  BERMANDirector CHICAGODEAN  BERNSTEINSee Remarks NEW YORKDEAN  BERNSTEINSee Remarks NEW YORKDEAN  BERNSTEINSee Remarks NEW YORKBLACKSTONE FAMILY GP LLCNEW YORKBLACKSTONE FAMILY GP LLCNEW YORKBLACKSTONE FAMILY GP LLCNEW YORKBlackstone Family Real Estate Partnership VII-SMD L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Family Real Estate Partnership VII-SMD L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Family Real Estate Partnership VII-SMD L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Group L.P.10% Owner NEW YORKBlackstone Group L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Group L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Group Management L.L.C.NEW YORKBlackstone Group Management L.L.C.NEW YORKBlackstone Group Management L.L.C.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III GP L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III GP L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III GP L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III GP Management L.L.C.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III GP Management L.L.C.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III GP Management L.L.C.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Associates VI L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Associates VI L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Associates VI L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Associates VII L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Associates VII L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Associates VII L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Holdings VI-ESC L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Holdings VI L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Holdings VI L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Holdings VII -ESC L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Holdings VII -ESC L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Holdings VII -ESC L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Holdings VII L.P.10% Owner NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Holdings VII L.P.10% Owner NEW YORKBLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE PARTNERS VI TE 1 L P10% Owner NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VII.F (AV) L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VII.F (AV) L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VII.F L.P.10% Owner NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VII L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VII L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VII.TE.1 L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VII.TE.1 L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VII.TE.2 L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VII.TE.2 L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VII.TE.3 L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VII.TE.3 L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VII.TE.4 L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VII.TE.4 L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VII.TE.5 L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VII.TE.5 L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VII.TE.6 L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VII.TE.6 L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Retail Transaction II Holdco L.P.10% Owner NEW YORKBlackstone Retail Transaction II Holdco L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Retail Transaction II Holdco L.P.NEW YORKBRE Retail Holdco L.P.NEW YORKBRE Retail Holdco L.P.10% Owner NEW YORKBRE Retail Holdco L.P.NEW YORKBRE Southeast Retail Holdings LLCNEW YORKBRE Southeast Retail Holdings LLCNEW YORKBRE Southeast Retail Holdings LLCNEW YORKBRE Throne Holdings Member LLCNEW YORKBRE Throne JV Member LLCNEW YORKBRE Throne NR Parent LLC10% Owner NEW YORKBRE Throne Parent Holdco LLCNEW YORKBRE Throne Parent LLCNEW YORKBRE Throne REIT Holdco LLCNEW YORKBRE Throne REIT Holdco LLCNEW YORKBRE Throne REIT Holdco LLCNEW YORKBRE Throne REIT Inc.NEW YORKBRE Throne REIT LLCNEW YORKBRE Throne REIT Parent LLCNEW YORKBRE Throne REIT Parent LLCNEW YORKBRE Throne REIT Parent LLCNEW YORKBREA VI L.L.C.NEW YORKBREA VI L.L.C.10% Owner NEW YORKBREA VII L.L.C.NEW YORKBREA VII L.L.C.NEW YORKBREA VII L.L.C.NEW YORKBREP VI Side-by-Side GP L.L.C.NEW YORKBREP VI Side-by-Side GP L.L.C.NEW YORKBREP VII Side-By-Side GP L.L.C.NEW YORKBREP VII Side-By-Side GP L.L.C.NEW YORKBREP VII Side-By-Side GP L.L.C.NEW YORKTIMOTHY J  BRUCESee Remarks NEW YORKTIMOTHY J  BRUCESee Remarks NEW YORKBRX BREH VI-ESC Holdco A LLCNEW YORKBRX BREH VI-ESC Holdco B LLCNEW YORKBRX BREH VI Holdco A LLCNEW YORKBRX BREH VI Holdco B LLCNEW YORKBRX BREP VI.TE.1 Holdco A LLCNEW YORKBRX BREP VI.TE.1 Holdco B LLCNEW YORKBRX BREP VI.TE.2 Holdco A LLCNEW YORKBRX BREP VI.TE.2 Holdco B LLCNEW YORKBRX BRPTP II Holdco LLCNEW YORKBRX BRPTP II Holdco LLCNEW YORKBRX Holdco II LLCNEW YORKBRX Holdco LLC10% Owner NEW YORKBRX Holdco LLC10% Owner NEW YORKBRX Holdco LLCNEW YORKBRX Holdco LLC10% Owner NEW YORKBRX Throne REIT BREH VII-ESC Holdco A LLCNEW YORKBRX Throne REIT BREH VII-ESC Holdco A LLCNEW YORKBRX Throne REIT BREH VII-ESC Holdco B LLCNEW YORKBRX Throne REIT BREH VII-ESC Holdco B LLCNEW YORKBRX Throne REIT BREH VII Holdco A LLCNEW YORKBRX Throne REIT BREH VII Holdco A LLCNEW YORKBRX Throne REIT BREH VII Holdco B LLCNEW YORKBRX Throne REIT BREH VII Holdco B LLCNEW YORKBRX Throne REIT Holdco A LLC10% Owner NEW YORKBRX Throne REIT Holdco A LLC10% Owner NEW YORKBRX Throne REIT Holdco B LLCNEW YORKBRX Throne REIT Holdco B LLCNEW YORKMichael A  CarrollChief Executive Officer NEW YORKMichael A  CarrollChief Executive Officer NEW YORKMichael A  CarrollChief Executive Officer NEW YORKMichael E.  CathersInterim CAO NEW YORKSheryl Maxwell  CroslandDirector NEW YORKANTHONY W  DEERINGDirector ANTHONY W  DEERINGDirector LUTHERVILLETHOMAS W  DICKSONDirector CHARLOTTEBrian T  FinneganSee Remarks NEW YORKBrian T  FinneganSee Remarks NEW YORKSteven T  GallagherNEW YORKJONATHAN  GRAYDirector NEW YORKJONATHAN  GRAYNEW YORKGABRIELLE E  GREENEDirector AUSTINMark  HorganEVP, Chief Investment Officer NEW YORKDANIEL B  HURWITZDirector AURORAMichael  HyunChief Investment Officer NEW YORKBARRY  LEFKOWITZInterim CFO CRANFORDNadeem  MeghjiNEW YORKMICHAEL V  PAPPAGALLOPresident and CFO NEW HYDE PARKMICHAEL V  PAPPAGALLOChief Financial Officer NEW YORKMICHAEL V  PAPPAGALLOSee Remarks NEW YORKWilliam D.  RahmDirector NEW YORKJohn  SchreiberDirector CHICAGOSTEPHEN A  SCHWARZMAN10% Owner NEW YORKSTEPHEN A  SCHWARZMANNEW YORKSTEPHEN A  SCHWARZMANNEW YORKSTEPHEN A  SCHWARZMANNEW YORKSTEVEN F  SIEGELSee Remarks NEW YORKSTEVEN F  SIEGELSee Remarks NEW YORKSTEVEN F  SIEGELSee Remarks NEW YORKCarolyn Carter  SinghSee Remarks NEW YORKCarolyn Carter  SinghSee Remarks NEW YORKSTEVEN A  SPLAINSee Remarks NEW YORKSTEVEN A  SPLAINSee Remarks NEW YORKSTEVEN A  SPLAINSee Remarks NEW YORKWilliam J.  SteinNEW YORKJames M  Taylor JrPres. & Chief Exec. Officer ROCKVILLEPersons related to BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE PARTNERS VI TE 2 L P - Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc.NamePositionCityCHARLENE T  BEGLEYDirector FAIRFIELDBH Hotels Holdco LLCNEW YORKBH Hotels Holdco LLCNEW YORKBH Hotels Holdco LLCNEW YORKBlackstone A23 Holdings LLCNEW YORKBlackstone A23 Holdings LLCNEW YORKBlackstone A23 Holdings LLC10% Owner NEW YORKBLACKSTONE CAPITAL PARTNERS V L PNEW YORKBLACKSTONE CAPITAL PARTNERS V L PNEW YORKBLACKSTONE CAPITAL PARTNERS V L PNEW YORKBlackstone Group L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Group L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Group Management L.L.C.NEW YORKBlackstone Group Management L.L.C.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings I/II GP IncNEW YORKBlackstone Holdings I L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III GP L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III GP L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III GP Management L.L.C.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III GP Management L.L.C.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III L.P.10% Owner NEW YORKBlackstone Management Associates V L.L.C.NEW YORKBlackstone Management Associates V L.L.C.NEW YORKBlackstone Management Associates V L.L.C.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Associates VI L.P.10% Owner NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Associates VI L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Holdings International II-Q L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Holdings International II-Q L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Holdings VI L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate International II-Q GP L.L.C.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate International II-Q GP L.L.C.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate International II-Q GP L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate International II-Q GP L.P.NEW YORKBLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE PARTNERS VI L PNEW YORKBLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE PARTNERS VI L PNEW YORKBLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE PARTNERS VI L PNEW YORKBMA V L.L.C.10% Owner NEW YORKBMA V L.L.C.NEW YORKBMA V L.L.C.10% Owner NEW YORKBMA V L.L.C.10% Owner NEW YORKBREA VI L.L.C.NEW YORKBREA VI L.L.C.NEW YORKBREP VI Side-by-Side GP L.L.C.NEW YORKKristin Ann  CampbellSee Remarks FRAMINGHAMKristin Ann  CampbellSee Remarks MCLEANIan Russell  CarterSee Remarks BEVERLY HILLSIan Russell  CarterSee Remarks MCLEANMichael  ChaeDirector NEW YORKMichael  ChaeNEW YORKMichael  ChaeDirector NEW YORKCT Investment Management Co., LLCNEW YORKCT Investment Management Co., LLCNEW YORKCT OPI Cayman Corp., LTDNEW YORKCT OPI Cayman Corp., LTD10% Owner NEW YORKCT OPI GP, LLCNEW YORKCT OPI GP, LLCNEW YORKCT Opportunity Partners I LPNEW YORKCT Opportunity Partners I LPNEW YORKJeffrey A  DiskinSee Remarks MCLEANMichael W  DuffySee Remarks MCLEANJONATHAN  GRAYDirector NEW YORKJONATHAN  GRAYNEW YORKTyler S  HenritzeNEW YORKHilton Hotels Holdings LLC10% Owner NEW YORKHLT A23 BREH VI Holdco LLCNEW YORKHLT A23 Holdco LLC10% Owner NEW YORKHLT BREH Intl II Holdco LLCNEW YORKHLT BREH Intl II Holdco LLCNEW YORKHLT BREH Intl II Holdings Holdco LLC10% Owner NEW YORKHLT BREH Intl II Holdings Holdco LLC10% Owner NEW YORKHLT BREH VI-A Holdings Holdco LLCNEW YORKHLT BREH VI Holdco LLCNEW YORK,HLT BREH VI Holdco LLCNEW YORKHLT BREH VI Holdings Holdco LLCNEW YORK,HLT BREH VI Holdings Holdco LLCNEW YORKHLT BREP VI.TE.2 Holdco LLCNEW YORKHLT BREP VI.TE.2 Holdco LLCNEW YORKHLT BREP VI.TE.2 Holdings Holdco LLC10% Owner NEW YORKHLT Holdco II LLCNEW YORK,HLT Holdco II LLCNEW YORKHLT Holdco III LLC10% Owner NEW YORK,HLT Holdco III LLCNEW YORKHLT Holdco LLCNEW YORKHLT Holdco LLC10% Owner NEW YORKHNA Group Co., Ltd.HAIKOUHNA HLT Holdco I LLCHAIKOUHNA HLT Holdco II LLCHAIKOUHNA HLT Holdco III LtdHAIKOUHNA Tourism Group Co., Ltd.HAIKOUHNA Tourism (HK) Group Co., Ltd.HAIKOUJames E  HolthouserSee Remarks MCLEANJon M  Huntsman JrDirector DEARBORNHuskies Acquisition LLCNEW YORKHuskies Acquisition LLCNEW YORKKevin J  JacobsSee Remarks MCLEANPaula A  KuykendallSee Remarks MCLEANJUDITH  MCHALEDirector JUDITH  MCHALEMCLEANCHRISTOPHER J  NASSETTASee Remarks CHICAGOCHRISTOPHER J  NASSETTASee Remarks MCLEANJohn  SchreiberDirector CHICAGOJohn  SchreiberNEW YORKMATTHEW W  SCHUYLERSee Remarks MCLEANMATTHEW W  SCHUYLERSee Remarks MCLEANSTEPHEN A  SCHWARZMAN10% Owner NEW YORKSTEPHEN A  SCHWARZMANNEW YORKChristopher W  SilcockSee Remarks MCLEANELIZABETH A  SMITHDirector TARRYTOWNELIZABETH A  SMITHMCLEANDOUGLAS M  STEENLANDDirector EAGANDOUGLAS M  STEENLANDMCLEANWilliam J.  SteinDirector NEW YORKWilliam J.  SteinNEW YORKMark D  WangSee Remarks MCLEANJonathan W.  WitterSee Remarks MCLEANPersons related to BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE PARTNERS VI TE 2 L P - Hilton Grand Vacations Inc.NamePositionCityBrenda J  BaconDirector BALTIMOREBH Hotels Holdco LLCNEW YORKBLACKSTONE CAPITAL PARTNERS V L PNEW YORKBlackstone Group L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Group Management L.L.C.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III GP L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III GP Management L.L.C.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Management Associates V L.L.C.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Associates VI L.P.10% Owner NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Holdings International II-Q L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Holdings VI L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate International II-Q GP L.L.C.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate International II-Q GP L.P.NEW YORKBLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE PARTNERS VI L PNEW YORKBMA V L.L.C.NEW YORKBREA VI L.L.C.NEW YORKBREP VI Side-by-Side GP L.L.C.NEW YORKMichael Dean  BrownEVP & Chief Operating Officer ORLANDOKENNETH A  CAPLANORLANDOCharles R. Jr.  CorbinEVP & General Counsel ORLANDOHilton Hotels Holdings LLCNEW YORKHilton Worldwide Holdings Inc.10% Owner MCLEANHLT A23 BREH VI Holdco LLCNEW YORKHLT A23 Holdco LLCNEW YORKHLT BREH Intl II Holdco LLCNEW YORKHLT BREH Intl II Holdings Holdco LLCNEW YORKHLT BREH VI-A Holdings Holdco LLCNEW YORKHLT BREH VI Holdco LLCNEW YORK,HLT BREP VI.TE.2 Holdco LLCNEW YORKHLT BREP VI.TE.2 Holdings Holdco LLCNEW YORKHLT Holdco II LLCNEW YORK,HLT Holdco III LLC10% Owner NEW YORK,HNA Group Co., Ltd.HAIKOUHNA HLT Holdco I LLCHAIKOUHNA HLT Holdco II LLCHAIKOUHNA HLT Holdco III LtdHAIKOUHNA Tourism Group Co., Ltd.HAIKOUHNA Tourism (HK) Group Co., Ltd.HAIKOUBarbara L.  HollkampSee Remarks ORLANDODavid William  JohnsonDirector CARROLLTONAllen J  KlingsickSee Remarks ORLANDOMark H  LazarusDirector WESTPORTJames  MikolaichikEVP & Chief Financial Officer FAIRPORTPAMELA H  PATSLEYDirector Leonard  PotterDirector NEW YORKSTEPHEN A  SCHWARZMANNEW YORKStan R.  SorokaSee Remarks ORLANDOMark D  WangSee Remarks MCLEANPAUL W  WHETSELLDirector ARLINGTON
Potentially same personNameCityCountryBLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE PARTNERS VI TE 2 L PNEW YORKNYBLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE PARTNERS VI TE 2 L PNEW YORKNYBLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE PARTNERS VI TE 2 L PNEW YORKNY












 








Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership (4)



















































Support: 888-992-3836 | Newswire | Home | Log in












Boards


Stocks


Commodities


Forex


Cryptocurrency


The Lounge




Hot!


Breakout Boards


iHub My Stocks Activity


Ticker Buzz Cloud


Most Read


Most Posted


Most Followed Members


Recent News


Active Boards


Site Stats


New Boards


Cannabis Stocks




Tools


Data Tools >


Charts


Trader Alerts


Trades


Portfolio


Top Lists


Price & News Alerts


Commodities


Markets in 3D




NewsWire


More Tools >


Newsletters


My Image Gallery


Advanced Search


Videos


All News


Stock Screener


News Filter


Live Charts


Live News


Live Desktop


Forex Prices


Commodities


ETF Center


Educational Channel


Personal Finance Q&A






Streamer


Level 2


Follow Feed
























QuoteChartLevel 2TradesNewsFinancialsHistoricalTechnical AnalysisMessage BoardHilton Grand Vacations Inc. (NYSE)Hilton Grand Vacations Inc.(AMEX)Hasgrove(LSE)




Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership (4)


Date : 06/20/2017 @ 4:47PM


Source : Edgar (US Regulatory)


Stock : Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. (HGV)


Quote :  36.85  0.14 (0.38%) @ 12:08PM


 








Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership (4)Tweet


Print









	FORM 4




	[

	X

	]
	Check this box if no longer subject to Section 16. Form 4 or Form 5 obligations may continue.

	See

	Instruction 1(b).

	        





	UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

	Washington, D.C. 20549







	STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF SECURITIES



	                                                                                  




	OMB APPROVAL



	OMB Number:


	3235-0287



	Estimated average burden

	hours per response...


	0.5





	                      





	Filed pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or Section 30(h) of the Investment Company Act of 1940



	                      














	1. Name and Address of Reporting Person


	*






	Blackstone Real Estate Associates VI L.P.




	2. Issuer Name

	and

	Ticker or Trading Symbol




	Hilton Grand Vacations Inc.
	[
	HGV
	]




	5. Relationship of Reporting Person(s) to Issuer
	(Check all applicable)




	_____ Director

	                    

	__

	X

	__ 10% Owner



	_____ Officer (give title below)

	    

	_____ Other (specify below)












	(Last)

	        

	(First)

	        

	(Middle)





	C/O THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P., 345 PARK AVENUE




	3. Date of Earliest Transaction

	(MM/DD/YYYY)






	6/20/2017








	(Street)





	NEW YORK, NY 10154



	(City)

	      

	(State)

	      

	(Zip)





	4. If Amendment, Date Original Filed


	(MM/DD/YYYY)





	 





	6. Individual or Joint/Group Filing


	(Check Applicable Line)




	___ Form filed by One Reporting Person

	_

	X

	_ Form filed by More than One Reporting Person















	Table I - Non-Derivative Securities Acquired, Disposed of, or Beneficially Owned







	1.Title of Security

	(Instr. 3)




	2. Trans. Date




	2A. Deemed Execution Date, if any




	3. Trans. Code

	(Instr. 8)




	4. Securities Acquired (A) or Disposed of (D)

	(Instr. 3, 4 and 5)




	5. Amount of Securities Beneficially Owned Following Reported Transaction(s)

	(Instr. 3 and 4)




	6. Ownership Form: Direct (D) or Indirect (I) (Instr. 4)




	7. Nature of Indirect Beneficial Ownership (Instr. 4)






	Code




	V




	Amount




	(A) or (D)




	Price









	Common Stock

	 





	6/20/2017

	 




	 





	S






	  







	8472479


	 






	D







	$35.40

	 


	(1)







	4728369

	 





	I

	 





	See Footnotes

	 


	(2)




	(5)




	(10)




	(11)




	(12)




	(13)









	Common Stock

	 





	6/20/2017

	 




	 





	S






	  







	292021


	 






	D







	$35.40

	 


	(1)







	162208

	 





	I

	 





	See Footnotes

	 


	(3)




	(5)




	(10)




	(11)




	(12)




	(13)









	Common Stock

	 





	6/20/2017

	 




	 





	S






	  







	29900


	 






	D







	$35.40

	 


	(1)







	15806

	 





	I

	 





	See Footnotes

	 


	(4)




	(5)




	(10)




	(11)




	(12)




	(13)









	Common Stock

	 





	6/20/2017

	 




	 





	S






	  







	1759


	 






	D







	$35.40

	 


	(1)







	930

	 





	I

	 





	See Footnotes

	 


	(6)




	(10)




	(11)




	(12)




	(13)









	Common Stock

	 





	6/20/2017

	 




	 





	S






	  







	848802


	 






	D







	$35.40

	 


	(1)







	448712

	 





	I

	 





	See Footnotes

	 


	(7)




	(10)




	(11)




	(12)




	(13)









	Common Stock

	 





	6/20/2017

	 




	 





	S






	  







	5039


	 






	D







	$35.40

	 


	(1)







	2664

	 





	I

	 





	See Footnotes

	 


	(8)




	(10)




	(11)




	(12)




	(13)









	Common Stock

	 




	 




	 





	 






	  





	 




	 




	 





	4411

	 





	I

	 





	See Footnotes

	 


	(9)




	(10)




	(11)




	(12)




	(13)


















	Table II - Derivative Securities Beneficially Owned (

	e.g.

	, puts, calls, warrants, options, convertible securities)







	1. Title of Derivate Security

	(Instr. 3)




	2. Conversion or Exercise Price of Derivative Security




	3. Trans. Date




	3A. Deemed Execution Date, if any




	4. Trans. Code

	(Instr. 8)




	5. Number of Derivative Securities Acquired (A) or Disposed of (D)

	(Instr. 3, 4 and 5)




	6. Date Exercisable and Expiration Date




	7. Title and Amount of Securities Underlying Derivative Security

	(Instr. 3 and 4)




	8. Price of Derivative Security

	(Instr. 5)




	9. Number of derivative Securities Beneficially Owned Following Reported Transaction(s) (Instr. 4)




	10. Ownership Form of Derivative Security: Direct (D) or Indirect (I) (Instr. 4)




	11. Nature of Indirect Beneficial Ownership (Instr. 4)






	Code




	V




	(A)




	(D)




	Date Exercisable




	Expiration Date




	Title




	Amount or Number of Shares
















	Explanation of Responses:










	(1) 





	This amount represents the $35.40 sale price per share of the Common Stock of Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. ("Common Stock") received by the Reporting Persons in connection with a secondary block trade which closed on June 20, 2017.









	(2) 





	Reflects securities held directly by HLT Holdco III LLC. HLT Holdco III LLC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of HLT Holdco II LLC. HLT Holdco II LLC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of HLT Holdco LLC. HLT Holdco LLC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of BH Hotels Holdco LLC ("BH Hotels").









	(3) 





	Reflects securities held directly by HLT A23 Holdco LLC. The sole member of HLT A23 Holdco LLC is BH Hotels.









	(4) 





	Reflects securities held directly by HLT BREH VI Holdco LLC. The sole member of HLT BREH VI Holdco LLC is BH Hotels.









	(5) 





	The managing members of BH Hotels are Blackstone Real Estate Partners VI L.P. and Blackstone Capital Partners V L.P. The general partner of Blackstone Capital Partners V L.P. is Blackstone Management Associates V L.L.C. The sole member of Blackstone Management Associates V L.L.C is BMA V L.L.C. The general partner of Blackstone Real Estate Partners VI L.P. is Blackstone Real Estate Associates VI L.P. The general partner of Blackstone Real Estate Associates VI L.P. is BREA VI L.L.C. The managing member of each of BREA VI L.L.C. and BMA V L.L.C. is Blackstone Holdings III L.P.









	(6) 





	Reflects securities held directly by HLT A23 BREH VI Holdco LLC. The sole member of HLT A23 BREH VI Holdco LLC is HLT BREH VI-A Holdings Holdco LLC. The sole member of HLT BREH VI-A Holdings Holdco LLC is Blackstone Real Estate Holdings VI L.P. The general partner of Blackstone Real Estate Holdings VI L.P. is BREP VI Side-by-Side GP L.L.C. The sole member of BREP VI Side-by-Side GP L.L.C. is Blackstone Holdings III L.P.









	(7) 





	Reflects securities held directly by HLT BREP VI.TE.2 Holdco LLC. The sole member of HLT BREP VI.TE.2 Holdco LLC is HLT BREP VI.TE.2 Holdings Holdco LLC. The sole member of HLT BREP VI.TE.2 Holdings Holdco LLC is Blackstone Real Estate Partners VI.TE.2 L.P. The general partner of Blackstone Real Estate Partners VI.TE.2 L.P. is Blackstone Real Estate Associates VI L.P. The general partner of Blackstone Real Estate Associates VI L.P. is BREA VI L.L.C. The managing member of BREA VI L.L.C. is Blackstone Holdings III L.P.









	(8) 





	Reflects securities held directly by HLT BREH Intl II Holdco LLC. The sole member of HLT BREH Intl II Holdco LLC is HLT BREH Intl II Holdings Holdco LLC. The controlling member of HLT BREH Intl II Holdings Holdco LLC is Blackstone Real Estate Holdings International II-Q L.P. The general partner of Blackstone Real Estate Holdings International II-Q L.P. is BREP International II-Q GP L.P. The general partner of BREP International II-Q GP L.P. is BREP International II-Q GP L.L.C. The sole member of BREP International II-Q GP L.L.C. is Blackstone Holdings III L.P.









	(9) 





	Reflects shares of Common Stock held directly by Stephen A. Schwarzman.









	(10) 





	The general partner of Blackstone Holdings III L.P. is Blackstone Holdings III GP L.P. The general partner of Blackstone Holdings III GP L.P. is Blackstone Holdings III GP Management L.L.C. The sole member of Blackstone Holdings III GP Management L.L.C. is The Blackstone Group L.P. The general partner of The Blackstone Group L.P. is Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. is wholly-owned by Blackstone's senior managing directors and controlled by its founder, Stephen A. Schwarzman.









	(11) 





	Due to the limitations of the electronic filing system certain Reporting Persons are filing a separate Form 4.









	(12) 





	Information with respect to each of the Reporting Persons is given solely by such Reporting Person, and no Reporting Person has responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of information supplied by another Reporting Person.









	(13) 





	Each of the Reporting Persons (other than to the extent it directly holds securities reported herein) disclaims beneficial ownership of the securities held by the other Reporting Persons, except to the extent of such Reporting Person's pecuniary interest therein, and, pursuant to Rule 16a-1(a)(4) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, each of the Reporting Persons (other than to the extent it directly holds securities reported herein) states that the inclusion of these securities in this report shall not be deemed an admission of beneficial ownership of all of the reported securities for purposes of Section 16 or for any other purpose.













	Reporting Owners








	Reporting Owner Name / Address





	Relationships






	Director




	10% Owner




	Officer




	Other







	Blackstone Real Estate Associates VI L.P.

	C/O THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.

	345 PARK AVENUE

	NEW YORK, NY 10154









	X














	BREA VI L.L.C.

	C/O THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.

	345 PARK AVENUE

	NEW YORK, NY 10154









	X














	Blackstone Management Associates V L.L.C.

	C/O THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.

	345 PARK AVENUE

	NEW YORK, NY 10154









	X














	BMA V L.L.C.

	C/O THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P

	345 PARK AVENUE

	NEW YORK, NY 10154









	X














	Blackstone Holdings III L.P.

	C/O THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.

	345 PARK AVENUE

	NEW YORK, NY 10154









	X














	Blackstone Holdings III GP L.P.

	C/O THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.

	345 PARK AVENUE

	NEW YORK, NY 10154









	X














	Blackstone Holdings III GP Management L.L.C.

	C/O THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.

	345 PARK AVENUE

	NEW YORK, NY 10154









	X














	Blackstone Group L.P.

	345 PARK AVENUE

	NEW YORK, NY 10154









	X














	Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.

	C/O THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.

	345 PARK AVENUE

	NEW YORK, NY 10154









	X














	SCHWARZMAN STEPHEN A

	C/O THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.

	345 PARK AVENUE

	NEW YORK, NY 10154









	X




















	Signatures









	BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE ASSOCIATES VI L.P., By: BREA VI L.L.C., its general partner, By: /s/ Paul D. Quinlan, Name: Paul D. Quinlan, Title: Managing Director








	6/20/2017









	**


	Signature of Reporting Person




	Date









	BREA VI L.L.C., By: /s/ Paul D. Quinlan, Name: Paul D. Quinlan, Title: Managing Director








	6/20/2017









	**


	Signature of Reporting Person




	Date









	BLACKSTONE MANAGEMENT ASSOCIATES V L.L.C., By: BMA V L.L.C., its sole member, By: /s/ John G. Finley, Name: John G. Finley, Title: Chief Legal Officer








	6/20/2017









	**


	Signature of Reporting Person




	Date









	BMA V L.L.C., By: /s/ John G. Finley, Name: John G. Finley, Title: Chief Legal Officer








	6/20/2017









	**


	Signature of Reporting Person




	Date









	BLACKSTONE HOLDINGS III L.P., By: Blackstone Holdings III GP L.P., its general partner, By: Blackstone Holdings III GP Management L.L.C., its general partner, By: /s/ John G. Finley, Name: John G. Finley, Title: Chief Legal Officer








	6/20/2017









	**


	Signature of Reporting Person




	Date









	BLACKSTONE HOLDINGS III GP L.P., By: Blackstone Holdings III GP Management L.L.C., its general partner, By: /s/ John G. Finley, Name: John G. Finley, Title: Chief Legal Officer








	6/20/2017









	**


	Signature of Reporting Person




	Date









	BLACKSTONE HOLDINGS III GP MANAGEMENT L.L.C., By: /s/ John G. Finley, Name: John G. Finley, Title: Chief Legal Officer








	6/20/2017









	**


	Signature of Reporting Person




	Date









	THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P., By: Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., its general partner, By: /s/ John G. Finley, Name: John G. Finley, Title: Chief Legal Officer








	6/20/2017









	**


	Signature of Reporting Person




	Date









	BLACKSTONE GROUP MANAGEMENT L.L.C., By: /s/ John G. Finley, Name: John G. Finley, Title: Chief Legal Officer








	6/20/2017









	**


	Signature of Reporting Person




	Date









	/s/ Stephen A. Schwarzman








	6/20/2017









	**


	Signature of Reporting Person




	Date












	Reminder: Report on a separate line for each class of securities beneficially owned directly or indirectly.








	*






	If the form is filed by more than one reporting person,

	see

	Instruction 4(b)(v).








	**






	Intentional misstatements or omissions of facts constitute Federal Criminal Violations.

	See

	18 U.S.C. 1001 and 15 U.S.C. 78ff(a).






	Note:




	File three copies of this Form, one of which must be manually signed. If space is insufficient,

	see

	Instruction 6 for procedure.






	Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB control number.









Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. (NYSE:HGV)Historical Stock Chart
1 Year : From Jul 2016 to Jul 2017


Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. (NYSE:HGV)Intraday Stock Chart
Today : Wednesday 26 July 2017





 








Latest HGV Messages




 View More Posts
 Remove From Favorites
 Add to Favorites















{{bbMessage.M_Alias}}

{{bbMessage.MSG_Date}}
{{bbMessage.HowLongAgo}}
{{bbMessage.MSG_ID}}

{{bbMessage.MSG_Subject}}






















												Share on Facebook
											


												 Share on Twitter
											

 
												 Share on Email
											












Loading Messages....







No posts yet, be the first!
No {{symbol}} Message Board. Create One!
See More Posts on {{symbol}} Message Board

See More Message Board Posts










 

 
Your Recent History
						


 


 







LSE






					GKP
				




				Gulf Keyst..
			








LSE






					QPP
				




				Quindell
			








FTSE






					UKX
				




				FTSE 100
			








LSE






					IOF
				




				Iofina
			








FX






					GBPUSD
				




				UK Sterlin..
			



 

Stocks you've viewed will appear in this box, letting you easily return to quotes you've seen previously.Register now to create your own custom streaming stock watchlist.
  



NYSE, AMEX, and ASX quotes are delayed by at least 20 minutes.All other quotes are delayed by at least 15 minutes unless otherwise stated.		











BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE PARTNERS VI TE 2 L P Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE PARTNERS VI TE 2 L P
                    

•   NEW YORK, NY
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Blackstone Real Estate Partners VI TE 2 L P is based out of New York.    WhaleWisdom has at least 1 insider transactions (Form 3,4,5) in our database for Blackstone Real Estate Partners VI TE 2 L P. 
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE PARTNERS VI TE 2 L P, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




blackstone real estate partners vi te 2 l p


345 PARK AVE

NEW YORK
NY
                                                        
                                                    10154


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      212-583-5000
SEC SIC CODE:6798-REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS







Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 06/20/2017
4 filed on 06/15/2017
4 filed on 03/17/2017
4 filed on 03/17/2017
3 filed on 01/13/2017
4 filed on 01/12/2017
4 filed on 11/30/2016
4 filed on 11/17/2016
4 filed on 08/18/2016
4 filed on 08/09/2016
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free
























The Weekly Register

 

 









































Trending Stock News
Penny Stock News
Stock News
Market News
Privacy Policy








Latest Headlines





Lexicon Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (NASDAQ:LXRX) Stock Is Shorted More
reb123z
The stock of Lexicon Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (NASDAQ:LXRX) registered an increase of 0.52% in short interest. LXRX’s total short interest was 16.08M shares in July as published by FINRA. Its up 0.52% from 16.00 million shares, reported previously. With 1.33 million shares average volume, it will take short sellers 12 days to cover ... 




This is what analysts have to say about Pattern Energy Group Inc (NASDAQ:PEGI) after last week.
Deutsche Maintained Glaxosmithkline (LON:GSK) As a Hold; They Now Have a TP Of GBX 1720.00
Institutional Investors Sentiment Indicator of Ryerson Holding Corp (NYSE:RYI)  Worsens in  Q4 2016
Ambev SA (ADR) (ABEV) Analysts See $0.04 EPS
As Visa INC (V) Share Value Rose, Shareholder Cam Group Holding A Trimmed Stake by $92.88 Million




iShares MSCI Kokusai ETF Received $146.42M Net Flows Amid 44.44% Assets Increase
Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Formed Multiple Bottom Pattern; Sellers Are Thriving
Acre Realty Investors Incorporated (NYSEMKT:AIII) Sellers Increased By 284.62% Their Shorts
RBC Capital Markets Keeps Anglo American (LON:AAL) As a “Outperform”; They Now Have a Price Objective Of GBX 1700.00
HB Fuller Co (NYSE:FUL) has analysts on the Bullish side this week.




Analysts See $0.47 EPS for AllianceBernstein Holding LP (AB)
Ricks Cabaret International Inc (NASDAQ:RICK): Positive Stock Sentiment
Will AURUBIS AG (OTCMKTS:AIAGF) Run Out of Steam Soon? Short Interest is Up
As Citigroup INC (C) Shares Rose, Cam Group Holding A Raised Holding
Could COCA-COLA HBC AG ADR (CCHGY) See a Reversal?






Market News


More »



Institutional Investors Sentiment Indicator of Ryerson Holding Corp (NYSE:RYI)  Worsens in  Q4 2016
reb123z
Sentiment for Ryerson Holding Corp (NYSE:RYI) Ryerson Holding Corp (NYSE:RYI) institutional sentiment decreased to 0.89 in Q4 2016. Its down -1.96, from 2.85 in 2016Q3. The ratio worsened, as 50 investment managers opened new and increased holdings, while 56 decreased and sold their equity positions in Ryerson Holding Corp. The investment managers ... 




Ambev SA (ADR) (ABEV) Analysts See $0.04 EPS
Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Formed Multiple Bottom Pattern; Sellers Are Thriving
Will AURUBIS AG (OTCMKTS:AIAGF) Run Out of Steam Soon? Short Interest is Up
Myriam Curet Sold 1202 shares of Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (NASDAQ:ISRG) in Insider Trade
Centurylink Inc (CTL) Analysts See $0.48 EPS




Cirrus Logic, Inc. (CRUS) EPS Estimated At $0.54
$0.16 EPS Expected for Criteo SA (ADR) (CRTO)
$-0.10 EPS Expected for CRITICAL OUTCOME T COM NPV(POST REV SPLIT) (COTQD)
CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Analysts See $0.74 EPS
$0.37 EPS Expected for Compass Diversified Holdings (CODI)




EPS for Clearwater Paper Corp (CLW) Expected At $0.46
$0.46 EPS Expected for Cincinnati Financial Corporation (CINF)
Chimera Investment Corporation (CIM) Analysts See $0.62 EPS
CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (CF) EPS Estimated At $-0.01
CDW Corp (CDW) Analysts See $0.98 EPS






Penny Stock News


More »



ARTISANAL BRANDS (OTCMKTS:AHFP) Just Reported Increased Shorts
Clifton Ray
The stock of ARTISANAL BRANDS (OTCMKTS:AHFP) registered an increase of 1260% in short interest. AHFP’s total short interest was 20,400 shares in July as published by FINRA. Its up 1260% from 1,500 shares, reported previously. With 90,500 shares average volume, it will take short sellers 0 days to cover their AHFP’s short ... 




What Next for AGRITEK HOLDINGS (OTCMKTS:AGTK) Stock After Increase in Shorted Shares?
Could AG&E HOLDINGS INCORPORATED (OTCMKTS:AGNU) Go Up After Its Newest Short Interest Report?
Wells Fargo Advantage Multi-sector Income Fund (CVE:ERC) Move  as Institutional Investors’ Sentiment  Increased
AFTERMASTER INCORPORATED (OTCMKTS:AFTM) Can’t Be More Risky. Short Interest Increased
Does ALUMIFUEL POWER CORPORATION (OTCMKTS:AFPW) Have Gas After Even Less Sellers Involved?




What Will Happen to AFFYMAX INCORPORATED (OTCMKTS:AFFY) Next? The Stock Has Decline in Shorts
A Reversal for AUDIOEYE INCORPORATED (OTCMKTS:AEYE) Is Not Near. The Stock Has Rise in Shorts
Can AIM EXPLORATION INCORPORATED (OTCMKTS:AEXE)’s Tomorrow be Different? The Stock Had Increase in Shorts
After Reaching Milestone, Is AERIUS CMN STOCK (OTCMKTS:AERS)’s Short Interest Revealing Something?
Time to Reconsider ADVANTIS CORPORATION (OTCMKTS:ADVT) After More Short Sellers?




Biotime Inc (CVE:ATW): Institutional Investor Sentiment Up to 2.65
ADM TRONICS UNLTD (OTCMKTS:ADMT) on Focus After Report of More Shorts
Today ADAIAH DISTRIBUTION INCORPORATED (OTCMKTS:ADAD) Reported Decrease in Shorted Shares
Could ACURA PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED (OTCMKTS:ACUR) See a Reversal After Less Sellers Came In?
ACCELERIZE INCORPORATED (OTCBB:ACLZ) Could Improve Your Long Portfolio After Less Shorts Reported






 





  Recent Posts 

Lexicon Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (NASDAQ:LXRX) Stock Is Shorted More


This is what analysts have to say about Pattern Energy Group Inc (NASDAQ:PEGI) after last week.


Deutsche Maintained Glaxosmithkline (LON:GSK) As a Hold; They Now Have a TP Of GBX 1720.00


Institutional Investors Sentiment Indicator of Ryerson Holding Corp (NYSE:RYI)  Worsens in  Q4 2016


Ambev SA (ADR) (ABEV) Analysts See $0.04 EPS


As Visa INC (V) Share Value Rose, Shareholder Cam Group Holding A Trimmed Stake by $92.88 Million


iShares MSCI Kokusai ETF Received $146.42M Net Flows Amid 44.44% Assets Increase


Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Formed Multiple Bottom Pattern; Sellers Are Thriving


Acre Realty Investors Incorporated (NYSEMKT:AIII) Sellers Increased By 284.62% Their Shorts


RBC Capital Markets Keeps Anglo American (LON:AAL) As a “Outperform”; They Now Have a Price Objective Of GBX 1700.00
















Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell

Lists*Consumer Eagle






























BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE PARTNERS VI.TE.2 PRIME L.P. Insider Insider Trades - NASDAQ.com



























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Quotes > 
    Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Individual Insiders






Insider Trades of BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE PARTNERS VI.TE.2 PRIME L.P.





Click on the column header to resort ascending (▲) or descending (▼).



Individual Insider Trades



Company


Relation


Last Date ▼


Type


Tran


OwnerType


Shares Traded


Last Price


Shares Held



PARK HOTELS & RESORTS INC.
Beneficial Owner (10%)
06/07/2017
Form 4
Sell
indirect
15,000,000
26.05
17,397,132


PARK HOTELS & RESORTS INC.
Beneficial Owner (10%)
03/15/2017
Form 4
Sell
indirect
53,651,453
25.45
32,397,132















Highest Rated Articles of Last Week



Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Merck and Pfizer Collaborate with Corning to Modernize ...
An In-Depth Look At Baidu's (BIDU) Artificial Intelligence Aspirations
PetIQ, Inc. (Nasdaq: PETQ) to Ring The Nasdaq Stock Market Opening...





View All Highest Rated































Most Rated Stocks of Last Week
Rated stocks for NASDAQ, NYSE and AMEX

Symbol  /  Ratings Consensus

AAPL

86% bullish
                    of
                    2910
                    ratings
Rate It


GOOG

91% bullish
                    of
                    128
                    ratings
Rate It


FB

76% bullish
                    of
                    1326
                    ratings
Rate It


MSFT

84% bullish
                    of
                    649
                    ratings
Rate It


TSLA

77% bullish
                    of
                    587
                    ratings
Rate It


JPM

69% bullish
                    of
                    88
                    ratings
Rate It


GM

68% bullish
                    of
                    80
                    ratings
Rate It


BAC

75% bullish
                    of
                    474
                    ratings
Rate It


NVDA

83% bullish
                    of
                    129
                    ratings
Rate It


GPRO

83% bullish
                    of
                    101
                    ratings
Rate It


More Most Rated Stocks



























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX



































