






























Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. (NASDAQ:MXIM) Posts  Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Maxim Integrated Products Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Maxim Integrated Products Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

$1.15 Billion in Sales Expected for Waste Connections, Inc. (NYSE:WCN) This Quarter
Allied Minds Plc (NASDAQ:ALLWF) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts
$998.42 Million in Sales Expected for CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) This Quarter
NETGEAR, Inc. (NASDAQ:NTGR) SVP Michael A. Werdann Sells 564 Shares
Dollar Tree, Inc. (DLTR) Director Conrad M. Hall Purchases 5,000 Shares
Insider Buying: Wizard World, Inc. (OTCBB:WIZD) Insider Purchases 150,000 Shares of Stock
Eurasian Minerals Inc. (TSE:EMX) Insider Paul H. Stephens Buys 25,000 Shares
BMO Capital Markets () Given Consensus Rating of “” by Analysts
BMO Capital Markets () Given Consensus Rating of “” by Analysts
BMO Capital Markets () Given Consensus Rating of “” by Analysts
Brokerages Anticipate Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (NYSE:AMG) Will Post Earnings of $3.23 Per Share
Zacks: Brokerages Expect Navios Maritime Holdings Inc. (NM) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $117.95 Million
Independent Bank Corp. (INDB) Releases Quarterly  Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.02 EPS
Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. (NASDAQ:MXIM) Posts  Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS
Financial Comparison: Syngenta AG (SYT) & Sociedad Quimica y Minera (NYSE:SQM)
Analysts Set Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc (DPS) PT at $97.77
Badger Meter, Inc. (BMI) Announces Quarterly  Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPS
Comparing Pacific Drilling (PACD) & Diamond Offshore Drilling (NYSE:DO)
First Defiance Financial Corp. (NASDAQ:FDEF) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research
Analyzing CGG SA (CGV) and SEACOR Holdings (CKH)







Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. (NASDAQ:MXIM) Posts  Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS


					Posted by Chloe McGuire on Jul 20th, 2017 // No Comments




Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. (NASDAQ:MXIM) released its earnings results on Thursday. The semiconductor company reported $0.63 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.62 by $0.01, Bloomberg Earnings reports. The company had revenue of $602 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $609.52 million. Maxim Integrated Products had a return on equity of 26.73% and a net margin of 22.16%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.49 EPS.  Maxim Integrated Products updated its Q1 guidance to $0.48-0.54 EPS.
Maxim Integrated Products (NASDAQ MXIM) traded up 1.55% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $47.84. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 2,885,537 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $46.55 and its 200-day moving average is $45.01. The company has a market cap of $13.52 billion, a P/E ratio of 27.49 and a beta of 1.04. Maxim Integrated Products has a 12-month low of $37.25 and a 12-month high of $49.70. 


 Get Maxim Integrated Products Inc. alerts:



The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, September 14th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, August 31st will be issued a $0.36 dividend. This is a positive change from Maxim Integrated Products’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.33. This represents a $1.44 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.01%. Maxim Integrated Products’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 75.86%. 





In other news, Director William D. Watkins sold 4,200 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, May 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $44.93, for a total transaction of $188,706.00. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, Director Joseph R. Bronson sold 18,300 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, April 25th. The stock was sold at an average price of $45.08, for a total value of $824,964.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 241,548 shares of company stock worth $11,148,556. Insiders own  1.30% of the company’s stock. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/20/maxim-integrated-products-inc-nasdaqmxim-posts-earnings-results-beats-estimates-by-0-01-eps.html. 
A number of research analysts have recently commented on the company. Maxim Group  restated a “hold” rating on shares of Maxim Integrated Products in a research note on Friday, April 21st. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Maxim Integrated Products from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $55.00 target price for the company in a research note on Friday, June 9th. Citigroup Inc.  restated a “neutral” rating and issued a $44.00 target price (up previously from $41.00) on shares of Maxim Integrated Products in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. Jefferies Group LLC  restated a “buy” rating on shares of Maxim Integrated Products in a research note on Tuesday, July 11th. Finally, B. Riley  restated a “neutral” rating and issued a $44.00 target price on shares of Maxim Integrated Products in a research note on Friday, April 21st. One research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued  a hold rating and ten have issued  a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $47.44.
Maxim Integrated Products Company Profile
Maxim Integrated Products, Inc is engaged in designing, developing, manufacturing and marketing a range of linear and mixed-signal integrated circuits, referred to as analog circuits. The Company also provides a range of high-frequency process technologies and capabilities for use in custom designs. The Company caters to automotive, communications and data center, computing, consumer and industrial markets.







Receive News & Ratings for Maxim Integrated Products Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Maxim Integrated Products Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 














































ABB Ltd (NYSE:ABB) Stock Price, News & Analysis | MarketBeat






















    























































































ABB Ltd Company Profile (NYSE:ABB)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About ABB Ltd (NYSE:ABB)
ABB Ltd (ABB) is a holding company. The Company's segments include Electrification Products, Robotics and Motion, Industrial Automation, Power Grids, and Corporate and Other. It operates through four divisions: Electrification Products, Robotics and Motion, Industrial Automation and Power Grids. It is engaged in serving customers in utilities, industry and transport and infrastructure. The Electrification Products segment manufactures and sells products and services including low and medium-voltage switchgear, breakers, switches and control products. The Robotics and Motion segment manufactures and sells motors, generators, variable speed drives and robots and robotics. The Industrial Automation segment develops and sells control and plant optimization systems, and automation products and solutions. The Power Grids segment supplies power and automation products, systems, and service and software solutions. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Industrial Products
Industry: Heavy Electrical Equipment - NEC
Sub-Industry: N/A
Symbol: NYSE:ABB
CUSIP: N/A
Web: new.abb.com

Capitalization:Market Cap: $51.05988 billionOutstanding Shares: 2,143,735,000Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $25.03200 Day Moving Avg: $23.8652 Week Range: $20.26 - $25.83


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: 22.61Foreward P/E Ratio: 16.88P/E Growth: 3.11Sales & Book Value:Annual Revenue: $33.56 billionPrice / Sales: 1.50Book Value: $6.28 per sharePrice / Book: 3.74Dividend:Annual Dividend: $0.73Dividend Yield: 3.1%


Profitability:EBIDTA: $4.26 billionNet Margins: 6.87%Return on Equity: 18.62%Return on Assets: 6.55%Debt:Debt-to-Equity Ratio: 0.50%Current Ratio: 1.45%Quick Ratio: 1.13%Misc:Average Volume: 2.01 million shs.Beta: 1.08Short Ratio: 1.87

 

Frequently Asked Questions for ABB Ltd (NYSE:ABB)
What is ABB Ltd's stock symbol?

ABB Ltd trades on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the ticker symbol "ABB."



How often does ABB Ltd pay dividends? What is the dividend yield for ABB Ltd?

ABB Ltd announced an annual dividend on Wednesday, March 15th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 20th will be given a dividend of $0.7546 per share on Tuesday, May 30th. This represents a dividend yield of 3.28%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, April 18th.  View ABB Ltd's Dividend History.



How were ABB Ltd's earnings last quarter?

ABB Ltd (NYSE:ABB) announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, July, 20th. The company reported $0.30 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks' consensus estimate of $0.33 by $0.03. The firm had revenue of $8.45 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $8.55 billion. ABB Ltd had a return on equity of 18.62% and a net margin of 6.87%. ABB Ltd's revenue for the quarter was down 2.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.35 EPS.  View ABB Ltd's Earnings History.



Where is ABB Ltd's stock going? Where will ABB Ltd's stock price be in 2017?

13 equities research analysts have issued twelve-month price targets for ABB Ltd's stock. Their predictions range from $18.00 to $28.00. On average, they anticipate ABB Ltd's share price to reach $23.00 in the next year. View Analyst Ratings for ABB Ltd.



Who are some of ABB Ltd's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to ABB Ltd include Caterpillar (CAT), Illinois Tool Works (ITW), Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI), Deere & Company (DE), Schneider Electric Unspon (SBGSY), Emerson Electric Company (EMR), Eaton Corporation, PLC (ETN), Atlas Copco AB (ATLKY), Komatsu (KMTUY), Roper Technologies (ROP), Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) (IR), Assa Abloy AB (ASAZY), Stanley Black & Decker (SWK), Parker-Hannifin Corporation (PH), Rockwell Automation (ROK), Sandvik AB (SDVKY), Tenaris S.A. (TS) and Ball Corporation (BLL).



Who are ABB Ltd's key executives?

ABB Ltd's management team includes the folowing people: Ulrich Spiesshofer, President, Chief Executive Officer, Member of the Group Executive CommitteeTimo Ihamuotila, Chief Financial Officer, Member of the Executive CommitteeSami Atiya, President of the Robotics and Motion division, Member of the Group Executive CommitteeFrank Duggan, President, Region Asia, Middle East and Africa (AMEA), Member of the Group Executive CommitteeClaudio Facchin, President of Power Grids division, Member of the Group Executive CommitteeTarak Mehta, President of Electrification Products division, Member of the Group Executive CommitteeGreg Scheu, President of Region Americas, Head of Group Service, Business Integration, Member of the Group Executive CommitteePeter Terwiesch, President of Industrial Automation division, Member of the Group Executive CommitteeDiane de Saint Victor, General Counsel & Company Secretary, Member of the Group Executive CommitteeJean-Christophe Deslarzes, Chief Human Resources Officer and Member of the Group Executive Committee



Who owns ABB Ltd stock?

ABB Ltd's stock is owned by a variety of of retail and institutional investors. Top institutional investors include Fisher Asset Management LLC (0.39%), Aperio Group LLC (0.04%), Penn Davis Mcfarland Inc. (0.02%), Manning & Napier Advisors LLC (0.01%), US Bancorp DE (0.01%) and Capstone Asset Management Co. (0.01%).  View Institutional Ownership Trends for ABB Ltd.



Who sold ABB Ltd stock? Who is selling ABB Ltd stock?

ABB Ltd's stock was sold by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Russell Investments Group Ltd., Penn Davis Mcfarland Inc., Manning & Napier Advisors LLC, Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc., Jarislowsky Fraser Ltd, Cambridge Advisors Inc., Trust Co. of Vermont and Capstone Asset Management Co..  View Insider Buying and Selling for ABB Ltd.



Who bought ABB Ltd stock? Who is buying ABB Ltd stock?

ABB Ltd's stock was purchased by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Fisher Asset Management LLC, US Bancorp DE, Aperio Group LLC, Wellington Shields Capital Management LLC, Fox Run Management L.L.C., Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC, Pennsylvania Trust Co and Wellington Shields & Co. LLC.  View Insider Buying and Selling for ABB Ltd.



How do I buy ABB Ltd stock? 

Shares of ABB Ltd can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is ABB Ltd's stock price today?

One share of ABB Ltd stock can currently be purchased for approximately $23.47.


MarketBeat Community Rating for ABB Ltd (NYSE ABB)Community Ranking:  1.4 out of 5 ()Outperform Votes:  132 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  325 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  457MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about ABB Ltd and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for ABB Ltd (NYSE:ABB) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: 2 Sell Ratings, 6 Hold Ratings, 5 Buy RatingsConsensus Rating:Hold (Score: 2.23)Consensus Price Target: $23.00 (2.00% downside)

Analysts' Ratings History for ABB Ltd (NYSE:ABB)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


DateFirmActionRatingPrice TargetImpact on Share PriceDetails7/21/2017Morgan StanleyDowngradeOverweight -> Equal WeightLow6/16/2017Robert W. BairdReiterated RatingOutperform$27.00 -> $28.00Low6/9/2017Citigroup Inc.Reiterated RatingSellLow5/23/2017BNP ParibasDowngradeOutperform -> NeutralLow4/4/2017Jefferies Group LLCReiterated RatingSell$18.00Medium3/21/2017Deutsche Bank AGReiterated RatingNeutralMedium2/8/2017NatixisUpgradeNeutral -> BuyN/A1/26/2017Nordea Equity ResearchUpgradeHold -> BuyN/A1/25/2017Royal Bank Of CanadaUpgradeSector Perform -> OutperformN/A1/23/2017J P Morgan Chase & CoReiterated RatingNeutralN/A1/10/2017Bank of America CorporationUpgradeNeutral -> BuyN/A12/7/2016Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)Reiterated RatingNeutralN/A8/19/2016HSBC Holdings plcDowngradeBuy -> HoldN/A4/21/2016Societe GeneraleUpgradeSell -> HoldN/A3/4/2016NomuraDowngradeNeutral -> ReduceN/A12/9/2015Barclays PLCBoost Price TargetOverweight$23.00 -> $24.00N/A9/11/2015William BlairReiterated RatingMarket Perform$22.00N/A9/4/2015Berenberg BankInitiated CoverageSellN/A(Data available from 7/26/2015 forward)


Earnings
Earnings History for ABB Ltd (NYSE:ABB)Earnings History by Quarter for ABB Ltd (NYSE ABB)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails7/20/20176/30/2017$0.33$0.30$8.55 billion$8.45 billionViewN/A4/20/20173/31/2017$0.27$0.28$7.77 billion$7.85 billionViewN/A2/8/2017Q416$0.27$0.33$8.93 billion$8.99 billionViewN/A10/27/2016Q316$0.30$0.32$8.38 billion$8.26 billionViewListen7/21/2016Q216$0.26$0.35$8.83 billion$8.68 billionViewListen4/20/2016Q116$0.22$0.28$8.07 billion$7.90 billionViewListen2/3/2016Q415$0.21$0.35$9.44 billion$9.24 billionViewN/A10/21/2015Q315$0.28$0.26$8.92 billion$8.52 billionViewListen7/23/2015Q215$0.26$0.26$9.09 billion$9.17 billionViewListen4/29/2015Q1$0.22$0.25$8.34 billion$8.56 billionViewN/A2/5/2015Q4$0.35$0.34$10.74 billion$10.35 billionViewN/A10/22/2014Q313$0.31$0.32$10.42 billion$9.82 billionViewN/A7/23/2014Q213$0.30$0.28$10.27 billion$10.19 billionViewN/A4/29/2014Q1$0.33$0.24$9.77 billion$9.47 billionViewN/A2/13/2014Q4$0.31$0.23$11.34 billion$11.37 billionViewN/A10/24/2013Q113$0.37$0.39$10.25 billion$10.54 billionViewN/A7/25/2013Q412$0.35$0.33$10.21 billion$10.23 billionViewN/A4/24/2013$0.33$0.29$9.54 billion$9.72 billionViewN/A2/14/2013$0.34$0.26$10.99 billion$11.02 billionViewN/A10/25/2012$0.35$0.37ViewN/A7/26/2012$0.35$0.29ViewN/A4/25/2012$0.35$0.30ViewN/A2/16/2012$0.46$0.36ViewN/A10/27/2011$0.40$0.34ViewN/A(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for ABB Ltd (NYSE:ABB)2017 EPS Consensus Estimate: $1.13QuarterNumber of EstimatesLow EstimateHigh EstimateAverage EstimateQ1 20171$0.26$0.26$0.26Q2 20171$0.28$0.28$0.28Q3 20171$0.29$0.29$0.29Q4 20172$0.29$0.31$0.30(Data provided by Zacks Investment Research)


Dividends
Current Dividend Information for ABB Ltd (NYSE:ABB)Most Recent Dividend:5/30/2017Annual Dividend:$0.73Dividend Yield:3.11%Dividend Growth:1.20% (3 Year Average)Payout Ratio:67.59% (Trailing 12 Months of Earnings)  59.84% (Based on This Year's Estimates)52.52% (Based on Next Year's Estimates)Track Record:5 Years of Consecutive Dividend GrowthDividend History by Quarter for ABB Ltd (NYSE ABB)AnnouncedPeriodAmountYieldEx-Dividend DateRecord DatePayable Date3/15/2017annual$0.753.28%4/18/20174/20/20175/30/20174/28/2016annual$0.763.64%7/8/20167/12/20167/20/20167/6/2015annual$0.180.88%7/24/20157/28/20158/5/20152/6/2015annual$0.572.83%5/4/20155/6/20155/14/20152/14/2014annual$0.783.08%5/5/20145/7/20145/15/20142/19/2013special$0.744/30/20135/2/20135/10/2013(Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Insider Trades
Insider Trading History for ABB Ltd (NYSE:ABB)No insider trades for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Headlines
Headline Trends for ABB Ltd (NYSE:ABB)


Latest Headlines for ABB Ltd (NYSE:ABB)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadline$8.43 Billion in Sales Expected for ABB Ltd (NYSE:ABB) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 26 at 10:17 AMCritical Review: ABB (ABB) and UQM Technologies (UQM)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 26 at 12:26 AMHead to Head Review: ABB (ABB) and Babcock (BW)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 25 at 8:20 PMCritical Analysis: ABB (NYSE:ABB) vs. Babcock (BW)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 25 at 6:13 PMABB Ltd (NYSE:ABB) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.28 Per Sharewww.americanbankingnews.com - July 24 at 10:18 PMForeign Stock Roundup: ABB, Novartis Beat on Earnings - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - July 24 at 6:58 PMForeign Stock Roundup: ABB, Novartis Beat on Earningsfinance.yahoo.com - July 24 at 6:58 PMABB Ltd (ABB) Given Sell Rating at UBS AGwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 24 at 12:02 PMWilliam Blair Comments on ABB Ltd's FY2018 Earnings (NYSE:ABB)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 24 at 11:10 AMJefferies Group Comments on ABB Ltd's Q4 2017 Earnings (NYSE:ABB)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 24 at 9:28 AMABB Ltd. :ABB-US: Earnings Analysis: Q2, 2017 By the Numbers : July 21, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 21 at 4:27 PMABB Ltd (NYSE:ABB) Downgraded to Equal Weight at Morgan Stanleywww.americanbankingnews.com - July 21 at 11:50 AMABB Ltd (ABB) Posts Quarterly  Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.03 EPSwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 20 at 5:11 PMABB Ltd. (ABB) Reports In-Line Q2 EPS - StreetInsider.comwww.streetinsider.com - July 20 at 3:17 PMABB's Q2 Earnings Beat Estimates but Fall Y/Y, Shares Downfinance.yahoo.com - July 20 at 3:17 PMABB beats 2Q profit forecastsfinance.yahoo.com - July 20 at 3:17 PMSolarEdge Outshines Competitors, Analyst Upgrades - Benzingawww.benzinga.com - July 18 at 3:21 PMSolarEdge Outshines Competitors, Analyst Upgradesfinance.yahoo.com - July 18 at 3:21 PMRemote Monitoring and Control Market Worth 27.11 Billion USD by 2023 - MarketWatchwww.marketwatch.com - July 17 at 3:25 PMWilliam Blair Comments on ABB Ltd's Q2 2017 Earnings (ABB)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 17 at 8:11 AMHiToxic Gas Detector - Global Market Outlook (2016-2022)www.prnewswire.com - July 15 at 3:19 PMFY2017 EPS Estimates for ABB Ltd (NYSE:ABB) Reduced by William Blairwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 14 at 12:43 PMCritical Power and Cooling Market, Power Solution by Type and End Use, Cooling Solution by Type - Global Forecast to 2021www.bizjournals.com - July 14 at 1:49 AMGlobal Model-based Manufacturing Technologies Market to Stand at US$ 53,550 Mn by 2027-endwww.prnewswire.com - July 13 at 1:20 AMForeign Stock Roundup: PHG Acquires Health & Parenting; ABB to Buy Data Transmission Business - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - July 11 at 4:19 PMTechnical Reports on Machinery Equities -- General Electric, ABB, Danaher, and Honeywell - PR Newswire (press release)www.prnewswire.com - July 8 at 8:21 AMTechnical Reports on Machinery Equities -- General Electric, ABB, Danaher, and Honeywellwww.bizjournals.com - July 7 at 3:27 PMCorporate News Blog - ABB to Buy German-based KEYMILE's Communication Network Businessfinance.yahoo.com - July 6 at 4:41 PMMotor Management Market Worth 4.03 Billion USD by 2023www.marketwatch.com - July 4 at 3:29 PMABB Set to Buy Keymile's Business Unit, Eyes IIOT Growthwww.zacks.com - July 4 at 3:29 PMABB Set to Buy Keymile's Business Unit, Eyes IIOT Growthfinance.yahoo.com - July 4 at 3:29 PMABB Ltd. (ABB) to Acquire KEYMILE's Communication Networks Business; Terms Not Disclosedwww.streetinsider.com - July 4 at 1:24 AMABB Ltd (NYSE:ABB) Receives Average Recommendation of "Hold" from Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 4 at 12:32 AMABB (NYSE:ABB) and Hydrogenics Corporation (HYGS) Head to Head Comparisonwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 3 at 8:30 PMABB To Buy Mission-critical Communication Business Of KEYMILEwww.rttnews.com - July 3 at 8:23 PMEnterprise Asset Management Market Growing at a CAGR of 11.9% During 2017 to 2022 - ReportsnReports - MarketWatchwww.marketwatch.com - July 3 at 3:21 PMABB To Acquire KEYMILE Group's Communications Business - Seeking Alphaseekingalpha.com - July 3 at 3:21 PM$8.64 Billion in Sales Expected for ABB Ltd (ABB) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 30 at 12:46 PMHVDC Transmission Market Worth 11.52 Billion USD by 2023 - MarketWatchwww.marketwatch.com - June 29 at 3:20 PMZacks: Analysts Anticipate ABB Ltd (ABB) Will Post Earnings of $0.31 Per Sharewww.americanbankingnews.com - June 28 at 6:26 PMAs Europe Bounces Back, Activist Investors Like Loeb Pouncefinance.yahoo.com - June 26 at 3:26 PMABB Ltd (ABB) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 25 at 4:22 PMABB Ltd (ABB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Morgan Stanleywww.americanbankingnews.com - June 22 at 10:46 AMEmission Monitoring Systems Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 - 2025www.marketwatch.com - June 20 at 3:33 PMUnited Technologies' Wing F119 Engine Crosses Key Milestonefinance.yahoo.com - June 20 at 3:33 PMBRIEF-Vipshop to sell 4.48 pct stake in SRP Groupewww.reuters.com - June 19 at 3:15 PMMorgan Stanley Reiterates Buy Rating for ABB Ltd (ABB)www.americanbankingnews.com - June 18 at 4:58 PMTechnavio Announces Key Highlights From Their Distribution Feeder Automation, Centrifugal Pumps, and Professional Cleaning Robots Reportswww.businesswire.com - June 17 at 1:24 AMABB Ltd (ABB) Given Outperform Rating at Robert W. Bairdwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 16 at 4:58 PMABB Ltd (ABB) PT Raised to $28 at Baird; Reiterates Outperform - StreetInsider.comwww.streetinsider.com - June 16 at 3:20 PM


Social





Chart
ABB Ltd (ABB) Chart for Wednesday, July, 26, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/26/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff
















































	Global Investment Banking & Asset Management | William Blair

































William Blair


Login to

My William Blair
R*Docs
William Blair Funds
SICAV Funds




Search


 




About William Blair
News and Events
Careers
Locations



Who Are You?

Corporations and BusinessesFoundations and EndowmentsFinancial IntermediariesIndividuals and FamiliesInstitutional InvestorsPublic Agencies & Non-Profits



Investment Banking



Thoughtful, strategic advice and tenacious execution based on industry experience, product knowledge, and global expertise.  Learn more about Investment Banking

Advisory
Financing
Financial Sponsor Coverage
Sector Expertise
Transaction Lists

Insights and Thought Leadership
Team Contacts



Institutional Investment Management



Partnership-focused, we are committed to delivering a disciplined, fundamental, research-driven approach to investing to create long-term sustainable value with proven, actively managed investment capabilities.  Learn more about Asset Management 

About Us
Our Active Approach
Institutional Strategies
William Blair Funds
SICAV Funds
Insights and Thought Leadership
Investment Management Leadership
Team Contacts



Private Wealth Management



Private Wealth Management at William Blair is designed according to each investor’s need for customized, integrated solutions and the firm’s commitment to client success. Learn more about Private Wealth Management

Individuals and Families
Corporate Executives
Foundations and Non-Profits
Insights and Thought Leadership
Team Contacts



Institutional Sales & Trading



Delivering superior investment ideas, management access, trade execution, and underwriting to issuers and investors around the globe.  Learn more about Institutional Sales and Trading

Equities
Fixed Income
Team Contacts



Research & Insights



Equity research and other insights for a rapidly evolving global marketplace.  Learn more about Research and Insights

Equity Research
Insights








Focused on your success.
Invested in your vision.










Connect





William Blair & Company
William Blair Investment Management




William Blair & Company
Advisor Solutions




In the News
View All News

Tintri, Inc.: Initiation of Research Coverage
Blue Apron Holdings, Inc.: Initiation of Research Coverage
William Blair Expands Biopharmaceuticals Investment Banking Coverage






Women on Course 2017 

Laura Linger, William Blair Investment Counseling, welcomed Pat Bradley, LPGA golf professional, who was the keynote speaker at the fourth annual Women on Course executive day at Conway Farms in Lake Forest, Illinois.


Client Focus Features Tech, Consumers Driving Change in U.S. Healthcare

The latest edition of William Blair’s Client Focus newsletter features healthcare and how consumers along with disruptive technology are the key to solving many of the system’s woes, particularly its unsustainable high costs.
						


Barron’s Names Louise Lane to Top 100 U.S. Women Financial Advisors List

William Blair advisor Louise Lane was named to the 2017 Top 100 U.S. Women Financial Advisors list by Barron’s magazine in June.
						


Tech Ecosystem Convenes at William Blair Technology Company Growth Conference

The fifth annual event featured presentations by over 60 high-growth companies, with participation from hundreds of tech-focused strategic and financial investors, and a keynote address by education disrupter Sal Khan.
						


William Blair Presented Most Valuable Partner Award by Chicago Youth Organization

Chicago-based youth organization Urban Initiatives presented William Blair with the 2017 Most Valuable Partner Award at its 5th anniversary “Work to Play Cup” event June 3.
						











Audiences
Corporations and Businesses
Foundations and Endowments
Financial Intermediaries
Individuals and Families
Institutional Investors
Public Agencies & Non-Profits


Investment Banking
Advisory
Financing
Financial Sponsor Coverage
Sector Expertise
Transaction Lists

Insights and Thought Leadership
Team Contacts


Institutional Investment Management
About Us
Our Active Approach
Institutional Strategies
William Blair Funds
SICAV Funds
Insights and Thought Leadership
Investment Management Leadership
Team Contacts


Private Wealth Management
Individuals and Families
Corporate Executives
Foundations and Non-Profits
Insights and Thought Leadership
Team Contacts


Institutional Sales & Trading
Equities
Fixed Income
Team Contacts


Research & Insights
Equity Research
Insights


About William Blair
News and Events
Careers
Locations
FINRA BROKERCHECK



Firm Overview: Auf Deutsch | En Español | En Français | In Italiano | Em Português | 中文 | हिंदी में | 日本語
Copyright © 2017 William Blair & Company, L.L.C. "William Blair" and "R*Docs" are registered trademarks of William Blair & Company, L.L.C.
 As used on this site, "William Blair" refers to William Blair & Company, L.L.C., William Blair Investment Management, LLC, and affiliates.
For more information about William Blair, please see About William Blair.
This content is for informational and educational purposes only and not intended as investment advice or a recommendation to buy or sell any security. Investment advice and recommendations can be provided only after careful consideration of an investor’s objectives, guidelines, and restrictions.


Statement of Financial Condition


The Annual and Semi-annual Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition of William Blair & Company, L.L.C., and its wholly owned subsidiary, William Blair International, Limited (collectively the "Company") are available below.
12/31/16: Annual Statement
06/30/16: Semi-annual Statement
12/31/15: Annual Statement
06/30/15: Semi-annual Statement
12/31/14: Annual Statement
06/30/14: Semi-annual Statement

 
Clients may also request a printed copy of the statements by calling 1-800-621-0687 ext. 5001.




                        | 
                        NMS Rule 605 & 606


Disclosure of SEC-Required Order Execution Information and Routing Information
For the convenience of our clients, below we provide links to order execution data and routing information as required by the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and regulations.
NMS Rule 605 - Order Execution Information
William Blair & Company presents this order execution information pursuant to NMS Rule 605. Access our William Blair Rule 605 Data files.
The data that you will find by following the link above will provide you with an indication of the type of execution you will receive for stocks in which William Blair is a market maker. However, please be aware that the majority of the order flow executed by William Blair & Company is not covered by NMS Rule 605 due to special handling requests by customers. The execution results from this order flow will not appear in the data and may differ substantially from the results.
NMS Rule 606 - Order Routing Information
William Blair & Company presents this order routing information pursuant to NMS Rule 606. View William Blair Rule 606 Data.
William Blair takes into consideration many factors when determining where to route customers' orders. These include opportunities for price improvement, speed of execution, market depth and order size, cost of execution and the reputation of a particular venue. William Blair actively monitors the execution quality provided by the different market makers and exchanges, and routes orders to venues that have provided consistent, high-quality executions over time.




                        | 
                        Allocation Procedures for Partial Redemptions or Calls of Securities


Allocation Procedures for Partial Redemptions or Calls of Securities
To the extent William Blair & Company, L.L.C. ("William Blair") holds on behalf of any customer account securities which, by their terms, may be called or redeemed prior to maturity ("callable securities") and a partial call or redemption involving such securities occurs, the following procedures will be followed. William Blair will administer the partial call or redemption via an impartial lottery system by which it will allocate among its customers the securities to be selected as called or redeemed. In the event the call or redemption is deemed to be on terms favorable to the applicable holder, as determined by William Blair, William Blair shall not allocate the securities to any account in which it or its associated persons have an interest until all other customers' positions in such securities have been satisfied. In the event the call or redemption is deemed to be on terms unfavorable to the applicable holder, as determined by William Blair, the accounts of customers and associated persons will participate in the impartial lottery on equal terms. Additional details concerning the lottery process are available upon request. 




                        | 
                        Business Continuity Plan


FINRA Rule 4370 requires that members and member firms establish and maintain business continuity and contingency plans relating to an emergency or significant business disruption.
Click to view William Blair & Company's Business Continuity Plan Summary.




                        | 
                        UK Disclosures


Company Information
William Blair International, Ltd
The Broadgate Tower
20 Primrose Street
17th Floor
London
EC2A 2EW

Registered in England & Wales:
Company Registration Number 03619027
Vat Number 731317071
Regulator
William Blair International, Ltd is Authorised and Regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA)
MiFID Disclosures

Execution Policy
Conflicts Policy


Execution Venues
New York Stock Exchange
NASDAQ
UK Stewardship Code
Remuneration Code Disclosures
Pillar 3 Disclosure




                        | 
                        Cookie Policy


Privacy and Cookies
At William Blair, your privacy is important and we want to be clear about the information we may collect when you visit our website. This policy explains how we use cookies and may be amended, from time to time, without notice. Please read the information below about our cookie use.  By using this site you agree to the placement of cookies on your computer in accordance with the terms of this policy.  If you would like to modify your browser to notify you when you receive a new cookie or to disable cookies, please refer to Managing Cookies below. Additional resources, and our full Privacy and Security Policy may also be found below.
What are cookies? Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information that are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. When you return to the website or visit another website that recognizes the same cookies, the cookies allow the website to recognize your device.  Cookies can serve many purposes (helping us to understand how visitors use the website, letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improving your user experience).  Cookies also can help ensure that we provide information to you that is relevant or that you have requested. 
You also can learn more about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org.
Our use of cookies
Essential cookies
Some cookies are essential for us to provide you with the services you have requested, such as accessing secure areas. These cookies manage the delivery of any web services requested by you and if you do not accept these cookies you will not receive the services that you have requested or potentially be able to view the webpage. These cookies do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing purposes or remembering where you have been on the internet.
Remembering your selections cookies
Cookies are also used to remember your selections that change the way our website behaves or looks, e.g., the font sizes or layout you have chosen, etc. These types of cookies can also be used to deliver a specific function requested by you. Please note that if you delete these cookies, we will not be able to remember your preferences or your login details or provide you with the content you have requested. These cookies do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing purposes or remembering where you have been on the internet. If you no longer wish for us to remember your selections, you should delete cookies on your machine. 
Analytics cookies
There are also certain unique cookies and/or third-party cookies that we may use for analytics purposes to enhance the performance of our website. These cookies may be used for testing different designs and ensuring a consistent look and feel is maintained for users of our website.  They also may track and provide trend analysis on how our users interact with our website, or help us to track errors. The data collected will generally be aggregated to provide trends and usage patterns for business analysis, site/platform improvement and performance metrics. The type of information we collect includes how many visitors visit our website, when they visited, for how long and which areas of our website are visited and which services are used. This information allows us to continuously improve our services. While this analysis may be performed by third parties, only William Blair will review the analytics. Your use of our website indicates your consent to the use of these web analytics cookies. One of these third party analytic tools used is a web analytics service provided by Google. Google Analytics uses cookies  to help analyze how visitors use the William Blair & Company website. 
For further details on Google analytics cookies, visit cookies set by Google Analytics.
Targeting cookies
William Blair may utilize a select set of cookies provided by third parties, such as Like and Share buttons.  These cookies store non-personally identifiable information, but may store information that is available to third-party advertisers, publishers, or ad networks. Please review information about these cookies and how to opt out here.
Managing cookies 
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. However, you have the ability to disable cookies if you wish, generally through changing your internet software browsing settings. It may also be possible to configure your browser settings to enable acceptance of specific cookies or to notify you each time a new cookie is about to be stored on your computer permitting you to decide whether to accept or reject the cookie. To manage your use of cookies, there are various resources available to you.  For example the “Help” section on your browser may assist you. As our cookies allow you to access some of our website’s essential features, we recommend that you leave cookies enabled. Disabling cookies may mean that you experience reduced functionality or will be prevented from using our site altogether. Our website will respect the cookie preferences set in your browser settings.  However cookies set prior to any change to your settings will still be on your computer. You can remove them using your browser settings as well.
Additional Resources
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
http://www.international-chamber.co.uk; The ICC’s document: ICC UK Cookie Guide (PDF)
http://ico.gov.uk; The ICO’s document: Guidance on the rules on use of cookies and similar technologies (PDF)
William Blair & Company Privacy and Security Policy




                        | 
                        Social Media Disclaimer


Social Media Disclaimer
William Blair & Company, L.L.C. is a broker dealer and investment adviser dually registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). William Blair, along with affiliated entities William Blair Investment Management, LLC and William Blair International, Ltd (collectively, “William Blair”) sponsors and publishes posts on or through pages, profiles, accounts, feeds, channels or other portions of various social media platforms, including but not limited to YouTube, Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter (each, a “Site”) for educational, promotional or other business reasons.
About William Blair Posts
No William Blair post published on any social media platform is an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy shares of any William Blair investment product to any person in any jurisdiction in which an offer, solicitation, purchase or sale would be unlawful under the laws of such jurisdiction. Additionally, all William Blair posts published on any social media platform are for informational purposes only and should not be considered as investment advice or recommendations to invest in any particular security, strategy or investment product. 
William Blair posts on social media may include statements concerning financial market trends, and are based on current market conditions, which will fluctuate and may be superseded by subsequent market events or for other reasons. Historic market trends are not reliable indicators of actual future market behavior or future performance of any particular investment which may differ materially, and should not be relied upon as such. The investment strategies and broad themes discussed in William Blair’s social media posts may be unsuitable for investors depending on their specific investment objectives and financial situation. Information contained in posts has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but not guaranteed. You should note that the materials on the social media platforms are provided "as is" without any express or implied warranties. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. All investments involve a degree of risk, including the risk of loss. No part of William Blair posts may be altered without express written permission from William Blair.
William Blair posts may provide links to third party websites only as a convenience and the inclusion of such links does not imply any endorsement, approval, investigation, verification or monitoring by William Blair of any content or information contained within or accessible from the linked sites. While we make every attempt to provide links only to those websites we think are trustworthy and accurate, we cannot be responsible for the content or accuracy of the information presented on those websites and we specifically disclaim any liability for any loss or damages which you may incur, directly or indirectly, as a result of your use of them. We reserve the right to terminate a link to a third party website at any time.
General User Guidelines
Due to the highly regulated nature of our industry and as a matter of policy, William Blair, in some instances, may not reply to user comments. Please ensure that your contributions in relation to any William Blair posts are relevant and topical. Do not publish your own advertisements of any kind on any William Blair social media page or with respect to any William Blair posts. We ask you to be respectful and courteous and refrain from publishing, including through hyper-links, inappropriate or offensive material on any William Blair social media page. Do not attempt to promote investments (this includes posting testimonials, giving investment advice, or making recommendations about specific securities, securities strategies, products or services) on any William Blair social media page. Do not attempt to submit to William Blair any personal, confidential or account information through any William Blair social media page. William Blair is not subject to any obligations of confidentiality regarding information submitted to them through any William Blair social media page or otherwise through any social media platform.
Third-Party Posts on any William Blair Social Media Page
While William Blair may monitor third-party posts published on any William Blair social media page, such posts may be reviewed to ensure regulatory compliance, but otherwise are not edited before being displayed. Third-party posts on any William Blair social media page are the view and responsibility of the third-party, not William Blair. William Blair cannot guarantee the appropriateness, accuracy or usefulness of any third-party posts or of any third-party hyper-link, nor are they responsible for any unauthorized or copyrighted materials contributed by a third-party in any William Blair social media page. William Blair reserves the right to remove or edit any third-party posts or comments on any William Blair social media page that are inappropriate or that violate (or may violate) applicable regulations.
William Blair does not publish or otherwise disseminate statements relating to current or former clients’ positive experiences with or endorsements of William Blair and expects you to refrain from publishing such posts on any William Blair social media page. You should limit your posts on any William Blair social media page to investment themes rather than commenting, positively or negatively, on William Blair, its products, services or personnel. Although our clients may follow this account, this should not be interpreted as a testimonial regarding any client’s experience with our firm.
Any descriptions of, references to, or links to other products, publications or services do not constitute an endorsement, authorization, sponsorship by, or affiliation with William Blair with respect to any hyper-linked site or its sponsor, unless expressly stated by William Blair. William Blair expressly disclaims any responsibility for the posts, the accuracy of the information, and/or quality of products or services provided by or advertised on these third-party sites, as posted by third-parties on any William Blair Social media page.
Use Social Media Platforms at Your Own Risk
William Blair is in no way affiliated with any social media platform and has no responsibility for any social media page’s operations and services. William Blair and their respective affiliates, directors, officers, or employees are not liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive or special damages arising out of or in any way connected with your access or use of, or inability to access or use, a social media platform, any William Blair social media page thereon or reliance on any William Blair post or any failure of performance, interruption, defect, delay in transmission, computer viruses or other harmful components, or line or system failure associated with a social media platform or any William Blair social media page thereon. Use of a social media platform or any William Blair social media page thereon is at your own risk.
Privacy Policy
William Blair is not responsible for the terms of use or privacy policies of any social media platform on which William Blair posts may appear, including in any William Blair social media page. For additional information regarding account security and privacy, refer to our Privacy and Security statement. 
Copyrights and Trademarks
Each social media page’s content and information, and all trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade dress, logos, copyrights and other intellectual property displayed on the Site by William Blair (“Content”) are protected by U.S. and worldwide copyright and trademark laws and treaty provisions, and are owned by, controlled by or licensed to William Blair or their respective owners. By using any social media page, we do not grant you any rights to reproduce, sell, or license any of the content contained herein, except that you may print a copy of the information contained herein for your personal use only. You may not reproduce or distribute the text or graphics to others or copy all or substantially all of the content to your own hard drive or server without the prior written permission of William Blair. 
Permitted Uses of Our Sites and Content
We have listed below the permitted uses of our Content. We reserve the right to change our permitted uses at any time.
William Blair grants you a limited, revocable, nonexclusive and nontransferable right to view, store, bookmark, download, copy and print pages from the Site for your personal and noncommercial use only. Unless you receive our permission in advance, you may not exploit any of the Content commercially or forward it as a mass distribution.
If you link other websites to any Site, you may not imply or suggest that William Blair has endorsed or is affiliated with such websites and you may not display this Site as “framed” within another website.
Prohibited Uses of Our Sites and Content
William Blair does not grant, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use Content on any social media page other than those set forth above, and you shall not make any other use of such Content without William Blair’s written permission. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing:
You agree not to copy large portions of any social media page (such as by bots, robots or spiders that “harvest” the Site), interfere with the functioning of the Site or restrict or inhibit any others from using the Site.
If you download any pages from any social media page, you agree that you will not remove or obscure any copyright or other notices or legends contained in any such Content. You may not alter or modify the Content in your copies.
You may not (and may not encourage or assist others to) violate any law, regulation, rule or the intellectual property or contractual rights of others, or attempt to violate the security of any social media page or use or gain access to the identities, information or computers of others through any social media page.
You may not transmit any virus, worm, time bomb or similar system interference or corruptant through any social media page.
William Blair has the right (but not the obligation) to monitor any social media page for unauthorized or objectionable conduct and to take all appropriate actions in response, without notice to you. We reserve the right to change or supplement our website policies at any time to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
Forward-Looking Statements

Statements made on any social media page that look forward in time involve risks and uncertainties and are forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, the adverse effect from a decline in the securities markets or a decline in William Blair’s products' performance, a general downturn in the economy, competition from other companies, changes in government policy or regulation, inability of William Blair to attract or retain key employees, unforeseen costs and other effects related to legal proceedings or investigations of governmental and self-regulatory organizations.
Forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, the operations and performance of our businesses. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as “outlook,” “believe,” “expect,” “potential,” “continue,” “may,” “should,” “seek,” “approximately,” “predict,” “intend,” “will,” “plan,” “estimate,” “anticipate” or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. Forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise.
International Use
The Content provided in or accessible through any social media page is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject William Blair to any registration or other requirement within such jurisdiction or country. William Blair reserves the right to limit access to the Site to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction. Unless otherwise expressly set forth herein, William Blair makes no representations that transactions, products or services discussed on or accessible through the Site are available or appropriate for sale or use in all jurisdictions or by all users, or that access by any user in the place it is located is not illegal or prohibited. Users who choose to access the Site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for establishing the legality, usability and correctness of any information or Content on the Site under the laws of any applicable jurisdictions. You may not use or export the Content on the Site or accessible through the Site in violation of applicable laws and regulations.
Transmission to and From any Social Media Page
Subject to any applicable terms and conditions set forth in our Privacy and Security Statement, any communication or other material that you send to us through the Internet or post on any social media page by electronic mail or otherwise, is and will be deemed to be non-confidential as between you and us and William Blair shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such information. William Blair will be free to use, for any purpose, and without compensation due or payable to you, any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques provided by you to William Blair through any social media page.
Disclaimer and Indemnity 
William Blair and its affiliates disclaim, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all express and implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. If you live in a state that does not allow disclaimers of implied warranties, our disclaimer may not apply to you.
William Blair does not warrant that the information in any social media page is accurate, reliable or correct, that any social media page will be available at any particular time or location, or that any social media page is free of viruses or other harmful components. Electronic communications can be intercepted by third parties and, accordingly, electronic mail and other transmissions to and from any social media page or made via any social media page may not be secure.
The investments and strategies discussed in the content may not be suitable for all investors and are not obligations of William Blair or any of its affiliates or guaranteed by William Blair or any of its affiliates. The investments are not bank deposits and are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other entity and are subject to investment risks, including the loss of the principal amount invested. Nothing contained on the Site constitutes investment, legal, tax or other advice nor is to be relied on in making an investment or other decision. You should obtain and carefully review any applicable prospectus, statement of additional information and/or offering memorandum as well the William Blair Form ADV, as applicable, before making any investment decision. Decisions based on information or materials contained on any social media page are the sole responsibility of the user. 
As consideration for access to any social media page, you agree to indemnify and hold harmless William Blair and their employees, contractors, affiliates, officers and directors from and against any claims whatsoever and of any nature for damages, losses and causes of action, including but not limited to actions by third parties against you, William Blair or any of its Related Person, arising out of or in connection with any decisions that you make based on such Content, your use of any social media page, or your violation of our website policies. You agree to make William Blair, whole for any and all claims, losses, liabilities, and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) arising from your use of the Site or any violation of this the policies laid out in this Disclaimer, unless prohibited by law.
Miscellaneous Provisions
YouTube, Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, and any other social media sites are public sites. William Blair is in no way affiliated with them and has no responsibility for their operations and services or for related service sites. William Blair is not responsible for any social media platform’s terms of use or privacy or security policies, or any other third party sites that may be linked to by a social media platform. By using a social media platform, you accept at your own risk that the Internet and online communications medium may not perform as intended despite the efforts of William Blair, your Internet Service Provider, and you.
For additional information regarding account security and privacy, refer to our Privacy and Security statement. For customer service inquiries or questions about your accounts, please visit our website at: www.williamblair.com. 
Your Acceptance of these Terms
Your use of the Site constitutes your acceptance of the terms contained herein. You may reject these terms by leaving the Site at any time.
For additional information about William Blair or to contact us, please visit our website at: www.williamblair.com.
William Blair Funds
Please carefully consider the Funds’ investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses before investing. This and other information is contained in the Funds’ prospectus, which you may obtain by calling +1 800 742 7272. Read it carefully before you invest or send money. Investing includes the risk of loss.




                        | 
                        Privacy & Security


Privacy and Security
Terms of use
The following is a legal agreement between William Blair, ("we," "us," or "our") and "you," the user of William Blair.

By accessing, browsing and/or using the William Blair website, you acknowledge that you have read, understand and agree to be bound to these terms of use ("Terms") and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. This agreement contains warranty disclaimer and other provision that limit our liability to you. Please read this agreement in its entirety. If you do not agree to these Terms, do not use William Blair website.

Your use of the William Blair website
A valid log in ID and password are required for you to use or access portions of the William Blair website.  In order to help protect the confidentiality and security of your information or data, you must use your password each time you access your account. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and for any use or misuse of our site by anyone using your password. We are not responsible and shall not be liable for any disclosure, misuse, modification or loss of any of your information or data by anyone accessing your account using your password.

You acknowledge and understand that no form of protection can completely ensure that the William Blair website will be completely protected against unauthorized entry or behavior. We shall have no liability for any claim or damages arising out of any breach of network security or any disclosure, misuse, modification or loss of data or information as a result thereof.

You are solely responsible for your actions and communications undertaken or transmitted using the William Blair website. Neither we nor our affiliates exercise editorial control over your transmissions; however, we do reserve the right to review your uploads and transmissions in order to, among other things, ensure compliance with these Terms.

Your use of the William Blair website is subject to all applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations, and you agree not to use the William Blair website for purposes that violate such laws and regulations. You agree to abide by our copyright policy as set forth in our Copyright & Disclaimers page.  In addition, you agree that:
1.    You will not interfere with another entity's use and enjoyment of the William Blair website; 
2.    You will not upload, download, transmit or otherwise distribute any message, data, information, text or other material ("Content") that is unlawful, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, indecent, lewd, harassing, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, inflammatory or otherwise objectionable; 
3.    You will not upload, download, transmit, or otherwise distribute any viruses or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files;
4.    You will not upload, download, transmit or otherwise distribute any content that would constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party, or that would otherwise create liability or violate any local, state, national or international law; 
5.    You will not attempt to obtain unauthorized access to the William Blair website or portions of the site which are restricted from general access or outside your permitted areas of access; 
6.    You will not interfere with or disrupt networks, systems, and/or computers connected to the William Blair website, and you will comply with all regulations, policies, and procedures of such networks and systems; and
7.    You will comply with all United States laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States.

No Transfer of Property Rights
The products, technology and/or processes described and/or used on the William Blair website may be the subject of intellectual property rights reserved by William Blair or other third parties. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring to you in any manner, whether by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license, title, or ownership of or to any intellectual property right of William Blair or any third party.

Updates to the William Blair Website
We reserve the right to modify the William Blair website and the materials, features and services provided on the site at any time without prior notice to you.

Warranty Restriction; Limitation Of Liability 
The materials, information and services provided on the William Blair website are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. There is no warranty against interference with your enjoyment of any materials, information or services (including, but not limited to, any data, text, images, sounds or computer programs (including collections and compilations of them) or against infringement.
    
Neither William Blair nor any of its principals, officers,  employees or affiliates shall be liable for any direct, indirect, special, consequential, punitive, exemplary and/or incidental damages of any kind whatsoever (including, but not limited to, lost profits or attorneys' fees) in any way due to, resulting from or arising in connection with your access to, inability to access, or use of the site, or from your reliance on any information provided on the site, even if  William Blair has been advised of the possibility of such damages. This limitation applies to all causes of action in the aggregate including, but not limited to, breach of contract, breach of warranty, negligence, strict liability, misrepresentation and any other tort. In the event the foregoing limitation of liability set forth herein shall be for any reason held unenforceable or inapplicable, you agree that William Blair and its affiliates' aggregate Liability shall not exceed five hundred dollars ($500).

Neither William Blair nor its affiliates takes any responsibility or assumes any liability for any content uploaded or otherwise transmitted by you or any third party, or for any mistakes, defamation, slander, libel, omissions, falsehoods, obscenity, pornography, indecency, lewdness, harassment, threats, abuse or profanity you may encounter in using the William Blair website. You agree to hold harmless William Blair and its affiliates and parties with whom William Blair has contracted for purposes of hosting or maintaining the site from all claims based upon communications or materials made available by you on the site.

International Use
Neither William Blair nor its affiliates makes any representation that materials, features or services on the site are appropriate or available for use in locations outside the United States, and accessing them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access the site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.

Indemnification
Upon a request by William Blair, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless William Blair and its affiliates, and their employees, contractors, officers and directors, from all liabilities, claims and expenses, including attorney's fees that arise from your use or misuse of the William Blair website. William Blair reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will cooperate with William Blair in asserting any available defenses.

Enforcement by William Blair
In the event William Blair determines, in its sole discretion, that you have violated these Terms, William Blair shall have the right to immediately terminate your access to the site, without prior notice to you, and/or pursue any other remedies available to it under applicable law.

Governing Law
This Agreement, and the respective rights and obligations of the parties hereto, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois (excluding any conflict of laws provisions of the State of Illinois that would refer to and apply the substantive laws of another jurisdiction). Any suit or proceeding regarding the William Blair website or any part of the site shall be brought only in Illinois. Each of the parties consent to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the court, state and federal, located in city of Chicago, Illinois.

Updates to Terms
William Blair shall have the right to revise these Terms at anytime by updating this posting. By using the William Blair website, you agree to be bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit the site to determine the then-current Terms to which you are bound.
		                    










﻿






























Chase Co. (NYSEMKT:CCF) Announces  Earnings Results - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Chase Co.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Chase Co. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Jody Dahrouge Sells 192,545 Shares of Commerce Resources Corp. (TSE:CCE) Stock
Insider Selling: Gap, Inc. (The) (NYSE:GPS) CEO Sells 1,000 Shares of Stock
Government Properties Income Trust (NYSE:GOV) Earns Outperform Rating from FBR & Co
Foot Locker, Inc. (NYSE:FL) Upgraded to Sell at BidaskClub
J P Morgan Chase & Co Downgrades Honda Motor Company, Ltd. (NYSE:HMC) to Neutral
National Instruments Corporation (NASDAQ:NATI) Director Jeffrey L. Kodosky Sells 500 Shares
Chase Co. (NYSEMKT:CCF) Announces  Earnings Results
Columbia Partners L L C Investment Management Raises Stake in W.W. Grainger, Inc. (NYSE:GWW)
Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Shares Bought by State Street Corp
Glenmede Trust Co. NA Holds Position in PAREXEL International Corporation (NASDAQ:PRXL)
Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. (NYSE:FIS) Stake Raised by Laurel Wealth Advisors Inc.
CSX Corporation (NASDAQ:CSX) Stake Lowered by Asset Management One Co. Ltd.
Cigna Corporation (CI) Position Raised by Two Sigma Securities LLC
New York State Teachers Retirement System Lowers Stake in State Street Corporation (NYSE:STT)
Level Four Advisory Services LLC Purchases Shares of 4,076 Fortive Corporation (FTV)
HMS Holdings Corp (HMSY) Earns News Sentiment Score of 0.34
Deere & Company (NYSE:DE) Position Cut by IBM Retirement Fund
Flextronics International Ltd. (FLEX) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $5.90 Billion
$0.49 Earnings Per Share Expected for Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:SBH) This Quarter
$338.35 Million in Sales Expected for EnPro Industries (NPO) This Quarter







Chase Co. (NYSEMKT:CCF) Announces  Earnings Results


					Posted by Charlotte Bryant on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments




Chase Co. (NYSEMKT:CCF) announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, July 5th. The construction company reported $1.12 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, Bloomberg Earnings reports. The firm had revenue of $64.90 million for the quarter. Chase had a net margin of 18.27% and a return on equity of 24.60%. 
Shares of Chase (NYSEMKT CCF) opened at 107.00 on Monday. Chase has a one year low of $59.80 and a one year high of $116.15. The company has a market cap of $990.61 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.32 and a beta of 1.64. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $108.61 and a 200 day moving average of $98.23. 


 Get Chase Co. alerts:



ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Chase Co. (NYSEMKT:CCF) Announces  Earnings Results” was first  published by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/24/chase-co-nysemktccf-posts-earnings-results-updated-updated.html. 
In related news, insider Peter R. Chase sold 1,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $104.00, for a total value of $104,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 499,803 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $51,979,512. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director George M. Hughes sold 500 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, July 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $109.46, for a total value of $54,730.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 1,899 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $207,864.54. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 2,100 shares of company stock valued at $219,480 in the last three months. 





Chase Company Profile
Chase Corporation is engaged in manufacturing of protective materials for reliability applications. The Company’s operating segments include industrial materials segment and construction materials segment. The Industrial Materials segment includes specified products that are used in, or integrated into, another company’s product, with demand typically dependent upon general economic conditions.







Receive News & Ratings for Chase Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Chase Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 













































﻿
































Glacier Bancorp, Inc. (GBCI) Position Boosted by State of Alaska Department of Revenue - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Glacier Bancorp Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Glacier Bancorp Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

PACCAR Inc. (PCAR) Shares Bought by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System
Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Has $6.28 Million Stake in Equinix, Inc. (EQIX)
LS Investment Advisors LLC Purchases 3,340 Shares of Trimble Navigation Ltd. (TRMB)
Teradata Corporation (NYSE:TDC) Stake Raised by James Investment Research Inc.
Sky Investment Group LLC Has $730,000 Stake in The Kraft Heinz Company (KHC)
Creative Planning Boosts Position in Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. (FOXA)
Hess Corporation (NYSE:HES) Position Maintained by American National Registered Investment Advisor Inc.
James Investment Research Inc. Buys New Position in EZCORP, Inc. (NASDAQ:EZPW)
Glacier Bancorp, Inc. (GBCI) Position Boosted by State of Alaska Department of Revenue
Cimarex Energy Co (NYSE:XEC) Position Lowered by Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc.
Portola Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (PTLA) Position Maintained by Fisher Asset Management LLC
Creative Planning Purchases 32 Shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) (IR)
Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (FCX) Stake Increased by Gateway Investment Advisers LLC
Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Acquires 433 Shares of Total System Services, Inc. (NYSE:TSS)
State of Alaska Department of Revenue Has $536,000 Position in Juniper Networks, Inc. (JNPR)
W.R. Berkley Corporation (WRB) Stake Boosted by State of Alaska Department of Revenue
51job, Inc. (JOBS) Position Held by Fisher Asset Management LLC
Beazley PLC (BEZ) Declares Dividend of GBX 3.70
Robert S. Swinney Sells 4,477 Shares of ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Stock
Insurance & Annuity A. Teachers Sells 65,336 Shares of InfraREIT, Inc. (NYSE:HIFR) Stock




 


Glacier Bancorp, Inc. (GBCI) Position Boosted by State of Alaska Department of Revenue

					Posted by Danessa Lincoln on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments 




State of Alaska Department of Revenue boosted its position in shares of  Glacier Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:GBCI) by 78.3% during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The institutional investor  owned 15,122 shares of the bank’s stock after buying an additional 6,642 shares during the period. State of Alaska Department of Revenue’s holdings in Glacier Bancorp were worth $553,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
A number of other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in GBCI. FMR LLC purchased a new stake in shares of  Glacier Bancorp during the fourth quarter worth approximately $5,232,000.  Guggenheim Capital LLC boosted its stake in shares of  Glacier Bancorp by 29.5% in the fourth quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC now owns 80,925 shares of the bank’s stock worth $2,931,000 after buying an additional 18,445 shares in the last quarter.  AQR Capital Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of  Glacier Bancorp during the fourth quarter worth approximately $322,000.  Norges Bank purchased a new stake in shares of  Glacier Bancorp during the fourth quarter worth approximately $20,198,000.  Finally, Teachers Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of  Glacier Bancorp by 2.7% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 126,304 shares of the bank’s stock worth $4,576,000 after buying an additional 3,375 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  80.35% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Glacier Bancorp Inc. alerts:



Shares of Glacier Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:GBCI) opened at 34.98 on Friday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $35.66 and a 200-day moving average of $34.92. The firm has a market cap of $2.68 billion, a PE ratio of 21.61 and a beta of 1.45. Glacier Bancorp, Inc. has a 52 week low of $25.90 and a 52 week high of $38.17. 




Glacier Bancorp (NASDAQ:GBCI) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, July 20th. The bank reported $0.43 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.44 by $0.01. Glacier Bancorp had a return on equity of 11.20% and a net margin of 27.30%. The firm had revenue of $113.91 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $115.60 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $0.40 EPS.  On average, analysts expect that  Glacier Bancorp, Inc. will post $1.77 EPS for the current year. 
The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, July 21st. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, July 12th were paid a $0.21 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Monday, July 10th. This represents a $0.84 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.40%. Glacier Bancorp’s payout ratio is 50.91%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Glacier Bancorp, Inc. (GBCI) Position Boosted by State of Alaska Department of Revenue” was originally  posted by Markets Daily and is the property of of Markets Daily. If you are reading this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be accessed at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/22/glacier-bancorp-inc-gbci-position-boosted-by-state-of-alaska-department-of-revenue.html. 
A number of analysts have commented on GBCI shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Glacier Bancorp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $38.00 price target for the company in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. Piper Jaffray Companies cut their price target on shares of Glacier Bancorp from $35.00 to $34.00 and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a research note on Monday, April 17th. BidaskClub upgraded shares of Glacier Bancorp from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, June 13th. Finally, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods  set a $36.00 price target on shares of Glacier Bancorp and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, June 26th. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued  a hold rating and one  has issued  a buy rating to the stock. Glacier Bancorp  has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $37.33.
In other news, Director James M. English sold 2,500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, June 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $36.65, for a total value of $91,625.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 20,181 shares in the company, valued at approximately $739,633.65. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Corporate insiders own  0.65% of the company’s stock. 
Glacier Bancorp Company Profile
Glacier Bancorp, Inc is a bank holding company. The Company provides commercial banking services. As of December 31, 2016, it provided banking services from approximately 140 locations in Montana, Idaho, Wyoming, Colorado, Utah and Washington, through its bank subsidiary, Glacier Bank (the Bank). It offers a range of banking products and services, including transaction and savings deposits, real estate, commercial, agriculture, and consumer loans and mortgage origination services.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GBCI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Glacier Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:GBCI).







Receive News & Ratings for Glacier Bancorp Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Glacier Bancorp Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website

































































Blair William & Co. IL Purchases 31,332 Shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Enterprise Products Partners L.P. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Trustmark Corporation (NASDAQ:TRMK) Lifted to Buy at ValuEngine					

Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. (PNFP) CEO M Terry Turner Sells 101,480 Shares of Stock					

Shawbrook Group PLC (LON:SHAW) Insider Sells £421,052.60 in Stock					

Vetr Inc. Upgrades Ford Motor Company (NYSE:F) to Strong-Buy					

Sally Beauty Holdings (NYSE:SBH) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Accern Reports					

Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect LCI Industries (LCII) Stock Price					

Brookdale Senior Living (NYSE:BKD) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Accern Reports					

Helen of Troy Limited (NASDAQ:HELE) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds					

AMC Entertainment Holdings (AMC) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.08					

Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance					

Darling Ingredients (DAR) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds					

Prestige Brand Holdings (PBH) Given Coverage Optimism Score of 0.28					

Enerplus Corp (ERF) to Issue Aug 17 Dividend of $0.01 on  August 15th					

AlarmForce Industries (TSE:AF) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.05					

Prospera Financial Services Inc Raises Position in Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM)					

State Treasurer State of Michigan Sells 1,700 Shares of Citrix Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CTXS)					

Domino’s Pizza Inc (DPZ) Shares Bought by State Treasurer State of Michigan					

NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) Position Maintained by Reilly Financial Advisors LLC					

State Treasurer State of Michigan Increases Position in D.R. Horton, Inc. (DHI)					

Viking Fund Management LLC Buys Shares of 3,000 NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA)					





 





						Blair William & Co. IL Purchases 31,332 Shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD)					

						 July 5th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Patrick Bannon 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Blair William & Co. IL raised its stake in  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) by 4.0% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm owned 823,284 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock after buying an additional 31,332 shares during the period. Blair William & Co. IL’s holdings in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. were worth $23,014,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Several other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of EPD. Atlantic Trust Group LLC boosted its stake in shares of  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 0.3% in the first quarter. Atlantic Trust Group LLC now owns 17,664,825 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $487,726,000 after buying an additional 58,459 shares in the last quarter.  Clinton Group Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. during the first quarter valued at $11,560,000.  Winfield Associates Inc. boosted its stake in shares of  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 7.4% in the first quarter. Winfield Associates Inc. now owns 18,825 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $520,000 after buying an additional 1,300 shares in the last quarter.  Glenview Trust Co boosted its stake in shares of  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 9.2% in the first quarter. Glenview Trust Co now owns 21,314 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $588,000 after buying an additional 1,800 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Stifel Financial Corp boosted its stake in shares of  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 1.6% in the first quarter. Stifel Financial Corp now owns 2,476,981 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $68,412,000 after buying an additional 38,258 shares in the last quarter. 38.57% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 
Shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE EPD) opened at 27.27 on Wednesday. Enterprise Products Partners L.P. has a 12 month low of $24.01 and a 12 month high of $30.25. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $26.79 and its 200-day moving average is $27.40. The company has a market cap of $58.26 billion, a PE ratio of 22.08 and a beta of 0.89. 




Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The oil and gas producer reported $0.36 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.32 by $0.04. The business had revenue of $7.32 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $6.05 billion. Enterprise Products Partners L.P. had a net margin of 10.31% and a return on equity of 11.73%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 46.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.33 earnings per share.  On average, equities research analysts predict that  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. will post $1.42 earnings per share for the current year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Blair William & Co. IL Purchases 31,332 Shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD)” was  posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/05/blair-william-co-il-purchases-31332-shares-of-enterprise-products-partners-l-p-epd.html. 
Several analysts recently weighed in on the stock. BidaskClub raised shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, June 27th. Morgan Stanley raised shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and boosted their price objective for the stock from $26.37 to $26.50 in a research note on Thursday, June 15th. BMO Capital Markets  set a $33.00 price objective on shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, June 5th. Sanford C. Bernstein assumed coverage on shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in a research note on Tuesday, May 16th. They issued an “outperform” rating on the stock. Finally, Vetr raised shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $31.42 price objective on the stock in a research note on Monday, April 24th. One analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, seventeen have assigned  a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the company. Enterprise Products Partners L.P. presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $32.00.
About Enterprise Products Partners L.P.
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (Enterprise) is a provider of midstream energy services to producers and consumers of natural gas, natural gas liquids (NGLs), crude oil, petrochemicals and refined products in North America. The Company’s segments include NGL Pipelines & Services; Crude Oil Pipelines & Services; Natural Gas Pipelines & Services, and Petrochemical & Refined Products Services.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EPD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD).






Receive News & Ratings for Enterprise Products Partners L.P. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Enterprise Products Partners L.P. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 
























































﻿
































Greif Bros. Corporation (NYSE:GEF) Position Decreased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Greif Bros. Corporation
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Greif Bros. Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Sally Beauty Holdings (SBH) Share Price
AMC Entertainment Holdings (NYSE:AMC) Earns News Sentiment Rating of 0.08
Reviewing Lee Enterprises, (NYSE:LEE) and A.H. Belo Corporation (AHC)
FLIR Systems, Inc. (FLIR) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance
HubSpot (HUBS) Given Daily News Impact Rating of -0.10
Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Darling Ingredients (NYSE:DAR) Share Price
WESCO International (WCC) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.20
State Treasurer State of Michigan Buys 500 Shares of MSCI Inc (NYSE:MSCI)
D.R. Horton, Inc. (NYSE:DHI) Shares Bought by State Treasurer State of Michigan
State Treasurer State of Michigan Acquires 6,500 Shares of Noble Energy Inc. (NYSE:NBL)
State Treasurer State of Michigan Boosts Stake in Hasbro, Inc. (HAS)
Telefonica Deutschland Holding AG (O2D) Given a €4.30 Price Target at Barclays PLC
Astec Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ:ASTE) Downgraded by Dougherty & Co to “Neutral”
Slate Office REIT Declares Monthly Dividend of $0.06 (TSE:SOT)
Insider Buying: Apollo Global Management, LLC (NYSE:APO) Major Shareholder Purchases 261,429 Shares of Stock
Brokerages Expect ABB Ltd (ABB) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $8.43 Billion
Investors Sell Starbucks Corporation (SBUX) on Strength (SBUX)
The Trade Desk Inc. (TTD) Insider David Randall Pickles Sells 75,000 Shares of Stock
Shawbrook Group PLC (SHAW) Insider Dylan Minto Sells 123,839 Shares
Trustmark Corporation (TRMK) Upgraded to Buy by ValuEngine




 


Greif Bros. Corporation (NYSE:GEF) Position Decreased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc.

					Posted by Mitch Edgeman on Jul 17th, 2017 // No Comments 




PNC Financial Services Group Inc. decreased its stake in shares of  Greif Bros. Corporation (NYSE:GEF) by 2.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 5,104 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 134 shares during the period. PNC Financial Services Group Inc.’s holdings in Greif Bros. Corporation were worth $281,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Advantus Capital Management Inc raised its position in shares of  Greif Bros. Corporation by 5.9% in the first quarter. Advantus Capital Management Inc now owns 3,305 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $182,000 after buying an additional 184 shares during the period.  Systematic Financial Management LP raised its position in shares of  Greif Bros. Corporation by 1,032.2% in the first quarter. Systematic Financial Management LP now owns 357,270 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $19,682,000 after buying an additional 325,715 shares during the period.  FMR LLC raised its position in shares of  Greif Bros. Corporation by 10.2% in the first quarter. FMR LLC now owns 836,801 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $46,099,000 after buying an additional 77,400 shares during the period.  Wellington Management Group LLP raised its position in shares of  Greif Bros. Corporation by 0.7% in the first quarter. Wellington Management Group LLP now owns 1,877,084 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $103,409,000 after buying an additional 13,511 shares during the period.  Finally, Principal Financial Group Inc. raised its position in shares of  Greif Bros. Corporation by 2.2% in the first quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. now owns 116,550 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $6,421,000 after buying an additional 2,501 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  49.31% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Greif Bros. Corporation alerts:



Shares of Greif Bros. Corporation (NYSE GEF) opened at 56.79 on Monday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $56.78 and its 200 day moving average is $55.80. Greif Bros. Corporation has a 1-year low of $38.35 and a 1-year high of $63.04. The company has a market cap of $2.72 billion, a P/E ratio of 28.28 and a beta of 1.38. 




Greif Bros. Corporation (NYSE:GEF) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, June 7th. The industrial products company reported $0.67 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.74 by $0.07. Greif Bros. Corporation had a net margin of 2.81% and a return on equity of 16.17%. The firm had revenue of $887.40 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $891.22 million. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.47 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 5.7% on a year-over-year basis.  On average, analysts predict that  Greif Bros. Corporation will post $2.89 earnings per share for the current year. 
The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Saturday, July 1st. Stockholders of record on Monday, June 19th were paid a $0.42 dividend. The ex-dividend date  was Thursday, June 15th. This represents a $1.68 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.96%. Greif Bros. Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 103.07%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Greif Bros. Corporation (NYSE:GEF) Position Decreased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc.” was originally  posted by Markets Daily and is owned by of Markets Daily. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this article can be read at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/17/greif-bros-corporation-nysegef-position-decreased-by-pnc-financial-services-group-inc.html. 
Several brokerages have issued reports on GEF. BMO Capital Markets  restated a “hold” rating and set a $55.00 target price on shares of Greif Bros. Corporation in a research report on Sunday. BidaskClub upgraded Greif Bros. Corporation from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, July 11th. Bank of America Corporation  set a $60.00 target price on Greif Bros. Corporation and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, June 10th. Robert W. Baird  restated an “outperform” rating and set a $63.00 target price on shares of Greif Bros. Corporation in a research report on Sunday, June 11th. Finally, ValuEngine upgraded Greif Bros. Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, June 9th. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued  a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $56.50.
In other news, major shareholder Shannon J. Diener purchased 5,189 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, July 6th. The stock was acquired at an average price of $62.37 per share, with a total value of $323,637.93. Following the purchase, the insider now directly owns 10,189 shares in the company, valued at approximately $635,487.93. The acquisition was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. Corporate insiders own  16.37% of the company’s stock. 
About Greif Bros. Corporation
Greif, Inc is a producer of industrial packaging products and services. The Company’s segments are Rigid Industrial Packaging & Services; Paper Packaging & Services; Flexible Products & Services, and Land Management. The Rigid Industrial Packaging & Services segment is engaged in the production and sale of rigid industrial packaging products, and services, such as container life cycle management, filling, logistics, warehousing and other packaging services.







Receive News & Ratings for Greif Bros. Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Greif Bros. Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website


















































































NN (NNBR) and RBC Bearings (ROLL) Head-To-Head Survey - Watch List News



















































Home
About
Staff
Privacy Policy
Contact
























Headlines
Business
US News
Health
World
Investing
Technology




















RBC Bearings Incorporated - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for RBC Bearings Incorporated with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow Watchlist News

 











Latest News



ValuEngine Upgrades Oritani Financial Corp. (NASDAQ:ORIT) to Buy					

FORTERRA INC (FRTA) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Hold					

TriState Capital Holdings, Inc. (TSC) Lifted to Buy at ValuEngine					

WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (NASDAQ:WETF) Stock Rating Lowered by ValuEngine					

Evoke Pharma Inc (EVOK) Lifted to Hold at ValuEngine					

ValuEngine Upgrades Exponent, Inc. (NASDAQ:EXPO) to “Hold”					

Cigna Corporation (NYSE:CI) Rating Lowered to Hold at ValuEngine					

Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Rating Lowered by ValuEngine					

Aemetis, Inc (AMTX) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research					

CymaBay Therapeutics’ (NASDAQ:CBAY) Outperform Rating Reiterated at CIBC					

DragonWave Inc (NASDAQ:DRWI) Downgraded by Desjardins to “Sell”					

SPS Commerce, Inc. (SPSC) Now Covered by Analysts at Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.					

Discovery Communications, Inc. (DISCK) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research					

Northern Trust Corporation (NASDAQ:NTRS) Price Target Cut to $83.00					

Umpqua Holdings Corporation (NASDAQ:UMPQ) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Stephens					

Deutsche Bank AG Cuts QUALCOMM Incorporated (QCOM) Price Target to $60.00					

Digital Turbine, Inc. (APPS) Downgraded by ValuEngine					

Inter Parfums, Inc. (NASDAQ:IPAR) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research					

ValuEngine Lowers Belden Inc (NYSE:BDC) to Hold					

Deutsche Bank AG Lowers Northern Trust Corporation (NTRS) Price Target to $93.00					



Archives

July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
March 2016
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014




 




						NN (NNBR) and RBC Bearings (ROLL) Head-To-Head Survey					

						 July 16th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Kyle Jackson 


							Filed Under: Comparison Articles - Investing 






Tweet










RBC Bearings (NASDAQ: ROLL) and NN (NASDAQ:NNBR) are both industrial products companies, but which is the better business? We will compare the two companies based on the strength of their earnings, valuation, risk, institutional ownership, dividends, profitabiliy and analyst recommendations. 
Analyst Ratings
This is a summary of recent ratings and recommmendations for RBC Bearings and NN, as reported by MarketBeat.com. 



Sell Ratings
Hold Ratings
Buy Ratings
Strong Buy Ratings
Rating Score


RBC Bearings
0
1
1
0
2.50


NN
0
1
2
0
2.67






RBC Bearings currently has a consensus target price of $73.00, indicating a potential downside of 30.08%. NN has a consensus target price of $33.50, indicating a potential upside of 14.73%. Given NN’s stronger consensus rating and  higher probable upside, analysts clearly believe NN is more favorable than RBC Bearings.
Profitability
This table compares RBC Bearings and NN’s net margins, return on equity and return on assets.



Net Margins
Return on Equity
Return on Assets


RBC Bearings
11.48%
11.12%
6.84%


NN
2.00%
14.04%
3.27%


Institutional & Insider Ownership
99.4% of RBC Bearings shares are owned by institutional investors. Comparatively, 95.9% of NN shares are owned by institutional investors. 4.4% of RBC Bearings shares are owned by insiders. Comparatively, 2.8% of NN shares are owned by insiders. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that large money managers, endowments and hedge funds believe a company will outperform the market over the long term.
Dividends
NN pays an annual dividend of $0.28 per share and has a dividend yield of 1.0%. RBC Bearings does not pay a dividend. NN pays out 45.9% of its earnings in the form of a dividend. 
Risk and Volatility
RBC Bearings has a beta of 1.3, meaning that its share price is 30% more volatile than the S&P 500. Comparatively, NN has a beta of 0.63, meaning that its share price is 37% less volatile than the S&P 500. 
Earnings & Valuation
This table compares RBC Bearings and NN’s top-line revenue, earnings per share and valuation.



Gross Revenue
Price/Sales Ratio
EBITDA
Earnings Per Share
Price/Earnings Ratio


RBC Bearings
$615.39 million
4.03
$148.92 million
$2.97
35.15


NN
$847.58 million
0.95
$138.31 million
$0.61
47.87


RBC Bearings has higher revenue, but lower earnings than NN. RBC Bearings is trading at a lower price-to-earnings ratio than NN, indicating that it is currently the more affordable of the two stocks. 
Summary
RBC Bearings beats NN on 9 of the 16 factors compared between the two stocks.
About RBC Bearings
RBC Bearings Incorporated is an international manufacturer and marketer of engineered precision bearings and products, which are integral to the manufacture and operation of machines, aircraft and mechanical systems. The Company operates through four segments: Plain Bearings; Roller Bearings; Ball Bearings, and Engineered Products. The Company has over 40 facilities of which over 30 are manufacturing facilities in approximately five countries. The Company classifies its customers into two categories: industrial and aerospace. The Company manufactures bearings and engineered products for a range of diversified industrial markets, including construction and mining, oil and natural resource extraction, heavy truck, marine, rail and train, packaging, semiconductor machinery and the general industrial markets. The Company supplies bearings and engineered products for use in commercial, private and military aircraft and aircraft engines, guided weaponry, and vision and optical systems.
About NN
NN, Inc. is a diversified industrial company and a manufacturer of high precision bearing components, industrial plastic products and precision metal components to a range of markets on a global basis. The Company operates through three segments: the Precision Bearing Components Group, the Precision Engineered Products Group and the Autocam Precision Components Group. Within its Precision Bearing Components Group, it manufactures and supplies high precision bearing components, consisting of balls, cylindrical rollers, tapered rollers, spherical rollers and metal retainers, for bearing and constant velocity (CV)-joint. Within its Precision Engineered Products Group, it designs and manufactures a range of high-precision metal and plastic components, assemblies and finished devices. Within its Autocam Precision Components Group, the Company manufactures highly engineered, difficult-to-manufacture precision metal components and subassemblies.


Receive News & Ratings for RBC Bearings Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for RBC Bearings Incorporated and related companies with Analyst Ratings Network's FREE daily email newsletter.



 










Kyle Jackson 























 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Sirius XM Making Big Investment In Pandora





Tax Reform Not Going Quite As Planned





Western Digital Files Lawsuit To Halt Toshiba Chip Business Sale





Sinclair Broadcast Group Announces Deal For Tribune Media





Starbucks Has A Hit With Its Unicorn Frappuccino











			© Watch List News, LLC 2008-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Staff 
			| Contact 













































William Blair & Company - Wikipedia




















 







William Blair & Company

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


William Blair & Company





Type

Private Company


Industry
Financial Services


Predecessor
Blair, Bonner & Co.


Founded
1935; 82 years ago (1935)


Founder
William McCormick Blair and Francis A. Bonner


Headquarters
Franklin Center
Chicago, Illinois, United States


Products
Investment Banking, Equity research, Brokerage, Asset Management, Private Capital


Revenue
 $845 Million (2014)



Number of employees

1,480 (2016)


Website
www.williamblair.com


William Blair & Company ("William Blair") is a privately held, employee-owned financial services firm that provides investment banking, equity research, brokerage, asset management and private capital services.
Headquartered in Chicago, it has 16 offices on five continents in cities such as Boston, Frankfurt, London, New York, San Francisco, Sao Paulo, Sydney, and Zurich. It also maintains a presence in Asia, taking an ownership stake in Business Development Asia, which has offices in Beijing, Hong Kong, Mumbai, Ho Chi Minh City, Seoul, and Tokyo.
In 2015, William Blair received "M&A Deal of the Year," "Corporate and Strategic Acquisition of the Year," and "Cross-border Deal of the Year" from M&A Advisor; that same year, the firm received "Americas Investment Bank of the Year" and "Investment Bank of the Year" from M&A Atlas. Most recently, William Blair was ranked as the 14th "Best Global Investment Bank" by the Vault Guide.
The firm regularly works with household-name clients such as Google, Shake Shack, Whole Foods, and IBM.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Founding and early years
1.2 Growth and development
1.3 Recent years


2 Business overview

2.1 Investment banking
2.2 Equity research
2.3 Asset management and institutional sales


3 William Blair Capital Partners
4 Office locations
5 Awards and accolades
6 References
7 External links



History
Founding and early years
William Blair & Company opened on January 8, 1935, as Blair, Bonner & Co. The firm was founded by William M. Blair and Francis A. Bonner who had worked together at investment firm Lee, Higginson & Co., prior to its collapse in 1932-1933.
In its early days, it assisted the growth of the Household Finance Corporation, Continental Casualty and Continental Assurance companies (today CNA Insurance). The firm focused on raising capital, primarily for midwestern growth-oriented companies, through its own originated issues rather than distribute securities for larger Wall Street-based investment banks.
In 1941 Bonner left the company, and it was renamed William Blair & Company. In 1946 Blair's sons, William McCormick Blair, Jr., Edward McCormick Blair and Bowen Blair joined the firm. Blair, Sr. stepped down as managing partner in 1961, and handed the reins over to his son Edward. William M. Blair remained a senior partner of William Blair & Co. until his death in 1982 (age 97).
Under Edward Blair and Edgar D. Jannotta (managing partner from 1977 to 1994) the firm experienced two difficult periods: the late 1960s, when the inability to process trades resulted in a paper crunch that threatened the industry with shutdown, and the 1970s, when the market value of securities and underwriting activity declined substantially.[citation needed] The firm continued to help finance growth companies completing initial public offerings for companies such as Molex, Oil-Dri Corporation, and Safety-Kleen during the 1970s.
Growth and development
In the 1980s, the firm generally avoided many of the hottest areas including underwriting junk bonds, hostile takeovers and merger arbitrage.[citation needed] The company expanded its geographic reach, opening additional offices in London and Liechtenstein to better serve international clients. It enlarged its corporate client base to encompass more companies throughout the United States beyond the midwest and extended its corporate financial services.[citation needed]
During the 1990s, business continued to expand dramatically. Between 1991 and 1996 William Blair & Company lead managed or co-managed 196 equity underwriting transactions representing $13.6 billion in capital. William Blair & Company also expanded its debt finance services, becoming active in bond financing and bond trading. The firm continued to serve traditional debt-issuing clients such as private corporations and states, counties, municipalities and school districts while expanding this client base to encompass healthcare facilities, institutions of higher learning and transportation authorities. The firm also earned a growing national reputation for successfully floating bonds for cultural institutions.[citation needed]
Recent years
In 1995 the firm opened a Zurich office, followed in 1996 by a San Francisco office, and in 1999 by a new office in Hartford. William Blair also expanded its international presence by increasing the size of its Tokyo and London offices. In August 2006, William Blair opened an institutional sales and trading office in downtown Boston, as part of an effort to locate in regions with a high concentration of clients. In 2007, the firm opened a new representative office in Shanghai and another institutional sales office in New York.[1]
In 2017, William Blair's Chicago headquarters will move to 150 N. Riverside Plaza. The new headquarters will be Sustainability LEED-CS Gold Pre-certified with a maximization of open space, 1.5-acre park, plus 100% green roof.[2]
Business overview
Investment banking
William Blair's investment banking group focuses on high-growth companies, executing advisory and financing services such as mergers and acquisitions, public equity offerings, and private capital raises. From 2010 to 2014, the investment banking group completed more than 330 M&A transactions, worth a total of $73 billion in value.[3]
These deals involved parties in 36 countries and five continents; nearly one-third of all transactions were cross-border. During that same period, the firm was an underwriter on more than 20 percent of all U.S. initial public offerings and raised nearly $100 billion in public and private financing.
Equity research
The firm is also known for its equity research unit, which was named the "Most Trusted Research" in Greenwich Associates' 2014 survey of small and mid-cap portfolio managers. In the 2015 survey, William Blair ranked No. 1, No. 2, or No. 3 in nine categories.[4]
Asset management and institutional sales
William Blair is a long-term partner to institutional and individual investors around the globe, with more than $72 billion in client assets through customized portfolios, separately managed accounts, mutual funds, SICAVs, and retail accounts. Using a disciplined research process, William Blair provides institutional investors active management across the market-capitalization spectrum in U.S., international, and global markets.
William Blair Capital Partners




William Blair Capital Partners logo


Main article: Chicago Growth Partners
Founded in 1982, William Blair Capital Partners was the investment arm of William Blair & Company. During the 1980s, WBCP was an active investor in leveraged buyout transactions.
In 2004, the principals of William Blair Capital Partners completed a spinout from William Blair to form Chicago Growth Partners, a private equity firm focusing on investments in growth capital and leveraged buyouts of lower middle market growth companies.[5] The primary motivation for the departure of the Chicago Growth Partners team from William Blair was to gain access to a more diversified base of institutional investors that was limited by the group's involvement with the investment bank.
In August 2006, the remaining partners of William Blair Capital Partners suspended efforts to raise William Blair Capital Partners VIII, which had been reportedly targeted at about $250 million. The remaining team left William Blair to found a new private equity firm, Seyen Capital.[6]
Office locations
The bank operates from 16 cities across 5 continents.




 Austin
 Boston
 Chicago
 Detroit


 Frankfurt
 Hartford
 London
 Los Angeles


 New York City
 San Antonio
 San Francisco
 Sao Paulo


 Shanghai
 Sydney
 Wilmington
 Zürich




Awards and accolades
In 2012, the firm was named "Investment Bank of the Year" by Mergers & Acquisitions magazine, and in 2013, it was named the "Mid-Market Financial Advisor of the Year" by the Financial Times and mergermarket. In addition, William Blair regularly receives M&A accolades, working for household-name clients such as Tumi, Pandora, Dunkin' Brands, and Caribou Coffee. For example, William Blair received "2013 North America M&A Deal of the Year" honors from M&A Atlas for advising Molex Inc. on its sale to Koch Industries for $7.2 billion. And in 2015, William Blair received "Global Deal of the Year" honors by M&A Atlas for the bank's work on Portfolio Recovery Associates' acquisition of Aktiv Kapital.
References



^ Businesswire http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20070619006534/en/William-Blair-Company-Opens-York-Office.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "Great Place to Work: William Blair". 
^ http://www.vault.com/company-profiles/commercial-banking-and-investment-banking/william-blair-company/company-overview.aspx.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "Vault: William Blair". 
^ Chicago Growth Grows But Retains Smaller Focus. Reuters Buyouts, April 14, 2008
^ *Blair, Lazard PE Groups Disband. Reuters Buyouts, August 7, 2006




A Fearless Leader With Long-Term Designs, Financial Times, May 25, 2008
An Island of Calm: Face to Face with Michelle Seitz. Pension & Investments, November 10, 2008

External links

William Blair & Company (company profile)







v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=William_Blair_%26_Company&oldid=769465942"					
Categories: Investment banksCompanies based in ChicagoHidden categories: Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pagesPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using infobox company with unsupported parametersAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2009 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 9 March 2017, at 18:48.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









William Blair & Company - Wikipedia




















 







William Blair & Company

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


William Blair & Company





Type

Private Company


Industry
Financial Services


Predecessor
Blair, Bonner & Co.


Founded
1935; 82 years ago (1935)


Founder
William McCormick Blair and Francis A. Bonner


Headquarters
Franklin Center
Chicago, Illinois, United States


Products
Investment Banking, Equity research, Brokerage, Asset Management, Private Capital


Revenue
 $845 Million (2014)



Number of employees

1,480 (2016)


Website
www.williamblair.com


William Blair & Company ("William Blair") is a privately held, employee-owned financial services firm that provides investment banking, equity research, brokerage, asset management and private capital services.
Headquartered in Chicago, it has 16 offices on five continents in cities such as Boston, Frankfurt, London, New York, San Francisco, Sao Paulo, Sydney, and Zurich. It also maintains a presence in Asia, taking an ownership stake in Business Development Asia, which has offices in Beijing, Hong Kong, Mumbai, Ho Chi Minh City, Seoul, and Tokyo.
In 2015, William Blair received "M&A Deal of the Year," "Corporate and Strategic Acquisition of the Year," and "Cross-border Deal of the Year" from M&A Advisor; that same year, the firm received "Americas Investment Bank of the Year" and "Investment Bank of the Year" from M&A Atlas. Most recently, William Blair was ranked as the 14th "Best Global Investment Bank" by the Vault Guide.
The firm regularly works with household-name clients such as Google, Shake Shack, Whole Foods, and IBM.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Founding and early years
1.2 Growth and development
1.3 Recent years


2 Business overview

2.1 Investment banking
2.2 Equity research
2.3 Asset management and institutional sales


3 William Blair Capital Partners
4 Office locations
5 Awards and accolades
6 References
7 External links



History
Founding and early years
William Blair & Company opened on January 8, 1935, as Blair, Bonner & Co. The firm was founded by William M. Blair and Francis A. Bonner who had worked together at investment firm Lee, Higginson & Co., prior to its collapse in 1932-1933.
In its early days, it assisted the growth of the Household Finance Corporation, Continental Casualty and Continental Assurance companies (today CNA Insurance). The firm focused on raising capital, primarily for midwestern growth-oriented companies, through its own originated issues rather than distribute securities for larger Wall Street-based investment banks.
In 1941 Bonner left the company, and it was renamed William Blair & Company. In 1946 Blair's sons, William McCormick Blair, Jr., Edward McCormick Blair and Bowen Blair joined the firm. Blair, Sr. stepped down as managing partner in 1961, and handed the reins over to his son Edward. William M. Blair remained a senior partner of William Blair & Co. until his death in 1982 (age 97).
Under Edward Blair and Edgar D. Jannotta (managing partner from 1977 to 1994) the firm experienced two difficult periods: the late 1960s, when the inability to process trades resulted in a paper crunch that threatened the industry with shutdown, and the 1970s, when the market value of securities and underwriting activity declined substantially.[citation needed] The firm continued to help finance growth companies completing initial public offerings for companies such as Molex, Oil-Dri Corporation, and Safety-Kleen during the 1970s.
Growth and development
In the 1980s, the firm generally avoided many of the hottest areas including underwriting junk bonds, hostile takeovers and merger arbitrage.[citation needed] The company expanded its geographic reach, opening additional offices in London and Liechtenstein to better serve international clients. It enlarged its corporate client base to encompass more companies throughout the United States beyond the midwest and extended its corporate financial services.[citation needed]
During the 1990s, business continued to expand dramatically. Between 1991 and 1996 William Blair & Company lead managed or co-managed 196 equity underwriting transactions representing $13.6 billion in capital. William Blair & Company also expanded its debt finance services, becoming active in bond financing and bond trading. The firm continued to serve traditional debt-issuing clients such as private corporations and states, counties, municipalities and school districts while expanding this client base to encompass healthcare facilities, institutions of higher learning and transportation authorities. The firm also earned a growing national reputation for successfully floating bonds for cultural institutions.[citation needed]
Recent years
In 1995 the firm opened a Zurich office, followed in 1996 by a San Francisco office, and in 1999 by a new office in Hartford. William Blair also expanded its international presence by increasing the size of its Tokyo and London offices. In August 2006, William Blair opened an institutional sales and trading office in downtown Boston, as part of an effort to locate in regions with a high concentration of clients. In 2007, the firm opened a new representative office in Shanghai and another institutional sales office in New York.[1]
In 2017, William Blair's Chicago headquarters will move to 150 N. Riverside Plaza. The new headquarters will be Sustainability LEED-CS Gold Pre-certified with a maximization of open space, 1.5-acre park, plus 100% green roof.[2]
Business overview
Investment banking
William Blair's investment banking group focuses on high-growth companies, executing advisory and financing services such as mergers and acquisitions, public equity offerings, and private capital raises. From 2010 to 2014, the investment banking group completed more than 330 M&A transactions, worth a total of $73 billion in value.[3]
These deals involved parties in 36 countries and five continents; nearly one-third of all transactions were cross-border. During that same period, the firm was an underwriter on more than 20 percent of all U.S. initial public offerings and raised nearly $100 billion in public and private financing.
Equity research
The firm is also known for its equity research unit, which was named the "Most Trusted Research" in Greenwich Associates' 2014 survey of small and mid-cap portfolio managers. In the 2015 survey, William Blair ranked No. 1, No. 2, or No. 3 in nine categories.[4]
Asset management and institutional sales
William Blair is a long-term partner to institutional and individual investors around the globe, with more than $72 billion in client assets through customized portfolios, separately managed accounts, mutual funds, SICAVs, and retail accounts. Using a disciplined research process, William Blair provides institutional investors active management across the market-capitalization spectrum in U.S., international, and global markets.
William Blair Capital Partners




William Blair Capital Partners logo


Main article: Chicago Growth Partners
Founded in 1982, William Blair Capital Partners was the investment arm of William Blair & Company. During the 1980s, WBCP was an active investor in leveraged buyout transactions.
In 2004, the principals of William Blair Capital Partners completed a spinout from William Blair to form Chicago Growth Partners, a private equity firm focusing on investments in growth capital and leveraged buyouts of lower middle market growth companies.[5] The primary motivation for the departure of the Chicago Growth Partners team from William Blair was to gain access to a more diversified base of institutional investors that was limited by the group's involvement with the investment bank.
In August 2006, the remaining partners of William Blair Capital Partners suspended efforts to raise William Blair Capital Partners VIII, which had been reportedly targeted at about $250 million. The remaining team left William Blair to found a new private equity firm, Seyen Capital.[6]
Office locations
The bank operates from 16 cities across 5 continents.




 Austin
 Boston
 Chicago
 Detroit


 Frankfurt
 Hartford
 London
 Los Angeles


 New York City
 San Antonio
 San Francisco
 Sao Paulo


 Shanghai
 Sydney
 Wilmington
 Zürich




Awards and accolades
In 2012, the firm was named "Investment Bank of the Year" by Mergers & Acquisitions magazine, and in 2013, it was named the "Mid-Market Financial Advisor of the Year" by the Financial Times and mergermarket. In addition, William Blair regularly receives M&A accolades, working for household-name clients such as Tumi, Pandora, Dunkin' Brands, and Caribou Coffee. For example, William Blair received "2013 North America M&A Deal of the Year" honors from M&A Atlas for advising Molex Inc. on its sale to Koch Industries for $7.2 billion. And in 2015, William Blair received "Global Deal of the Year" honors by M&A Atlas for the bank's work on Portfolio Recovery Associates' acquisition of Aktiv Kapital.
References



^ Businesswire http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20070619006534/en/William-Blair-Company-Opens-York-Office.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "Great Place to Work: William Blair". 
^ http://www.vault.com/company-profiles/commercial-banking-and-investment-banking/william-blair-company/company-overview.aspx.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "Vault: William Blair". 
^ Chicago Growth Grows But Retains Smaller Focus. Reuters Buyouts, April 14, 2008
^ *Blair, Lazard PE Groups Disband. Reuters Buyouts, August 7, 2006




A Fearless Leader With Long-Term Designs, Financial Times, May 25, 2008
An Island of Calm: Face to Face with Michelle Seitz. Pension & Investments, November 10, 2008

External links

William Blair & Company (company profile)







v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=William_Blair_%26_Company&oldid=769465942"					
Categories: Investment banksCompanies based in ChicagoHidden categories: Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pagesPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using infobox company with unsupported parametersAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2009 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 9 March 2017, at 18:48.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









William Blair & Company - Wikipedia




















 







William Blair & Company

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


William Blair & Company





Type

Private Company


Industry
Financial Services


Predecessor
Blair, Bonner & Co.


Founded
1935; 82 years ago (1935)


Founder
William McCormick Blair and Francis A. Bonner


Headquarters
Franklin Center
Chicago, Illinois, United States


Products
Investment Banking, Equity research, Brokerage, Asset Management, Private Capital


Revenue
 $845 Million (2014)



Number of employees

1,480 (2016)


Website
www.williamblair.com


William Blair & Company ("William Blair") is a privately held, employee-owned financial services firm that provides investment banking, equity research, brokerage, asset management and private capital services.
Headquartered in Chicago, it has 16 offices on five continents in cities such as Boston, Frankfurt, London, New York, San Francisco, Sao Paulo, Sydney, and Zurich. It also maintains a presence in Asia, taking an ownership stake in Business Development Asia, which has offices in Beijing, Hong Kong, Mumbai, Ho Chi Minh City, Seoul, and Tokyo.
In 2015, William Blair received "M&A Deal of the Year," "Corporate and Strategic Acquisition of the Year," and "Cross-border Deal of the Year" from M&A Advisor; that same year, the firm received "Americas Investment Bank of the Year" and "Investment Bank of the Year" from M&A Atlas. Most recently, William Blair was ranked as the 14th "Best Global Investment Bank" by the Vault Guide.
The firm regularly works with household-name clients such as Google, Shake Shack, Whole Foods, and IBM.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Founding and early years
1.2 Growth and development
1.3 Recent years


2 Business overview

2.1 Investment banking
2.2 Equity research
2.3 Asset management and institutional sales


3 William Blair Capital Partners
4 Office locations
5 Awards and accolades
6 References
7 External links



History
Founding and early years
William Blair & Company opened on January 8, 1935, as Blair, Bonner & Co. The firm was founded by William M. Blair and Francis A. Bonner who had worked together at investment firm Lee, Higginson & Co., prior to its collapse in 1932-1933.
In its early days, it assisted the growth of the Household Finance Corporation, Continental Casualty and Continental Assurance companies (today CNA Insurance). The firm focused on raising capital, primarily for midwestern growth-oriented companies, through its own originated issues rather than distribute securities for larger Wall Street-based investment banks.
In 1941 Bonner left the company, and it was renamed William Blair & Company. In 1946 Blair's sons, William McCormick Blair, Jr., Edward McCormick Blair and Bowen Blair joined the firm. Blair, Sr. stepped down as managing partner in 1961, and handed the reins over to his son Edward. William M. Blair remained a senior partner of William Blair & Co. until his death in 1982 (age 97).
Under Edward Blair and Edgar D. Jannotta (managing partner from 1977 to 1994) the firm experienced two difficult periods: the late 1960s, when the inability to process trades resulted in a paper crunch that threatened the industry with shutdown, and the 1970s, when the market value of securities and underwriting activity declined substantially.[citation needed] The firm continued to help finance growth companies completing initial public offerings for companies such as Molex, Oil-Dri Corporation, and Safety-Kleen during the 1970s.
Growth and development
In the 1980s, the firm generally avoided many of the hottest areas including underwriting junk bonds, hostile takeovers and merger arbitrage.[citation needed] The company expanded its geographic reach, opening additional offices in London and Liechtenstein to better serve international clients. It enlarged its corporate client base to encompass more companies throughout the United States beyond the midwest and extended its corporate financial services.[citation needed]
During the 1990s, business continued to expand dramatically. Between 1991 and 1996 William Blair & Company lead managed or co-managed 196 equity underwriting transactions representing $13.6 billion in capital. William Blair & Company also expanded its debt finance services, becoming active in bond financing and bond trading. The firm continued to serve traditional debt-issuing clients such as private corporations and states, counties, municipalities and school districts while expanding this client base to encompass healthcare facilities, institutions of higher learning and transportation authorities. The firm also earned a growing national reputation for successfully floating bonds for cultural institutions.[citation needed]
Recent years
In 1995 the firm opened a Zurich office, followed in 1996 by a San Francisco office, and in 1999 by a new office in Hartford. William Blair also expanded its international presence by increasing the size of its Tokyo and London offices. In August 2006, William Blair opened an institutional sales and trading office in downtown Boston, as part of an effort to locate in regions with a high concentration of clients. In 2007, the firm opened a new representative office in Shanghai and another institutional sales office in New York.[1]
In 2017, William Blair's Chicago headquarters will move to 150 N. Riverside Plaza. The new headquarters will be Sustainability LEED-CS Gold Pre-certified with a maximization of open space, 1.5-acre park, plus 100% green roof.[2]
Business overview
Investment banking
William Blair's investment banking group focuses on high-growth companies, executing advisory and financing services such as mergers and acquisitions, public equity offerings, and private capital raises. From 2010 to 2014, the investment banking group completed more than 330 M&A transactions, worth a total of $73 billion in value.[3]
These deals involved parties in 36 countries and five continents; nearly one-third of all transactions were cross-border. During that same period, the firm was an underwriter on more than 20 percent of all U.S. initial public offerings and raised nearly $100 billion in public and private financing.
Equity research
The firm is also known for its equity research unit, which was named the "Most Trusted Research" in Greenwich Associates' 2014 survey of small and mid-cap portfolio managers. In the 2015 survey, William Blair ranked No. 1, No. 2, or No. 3 in nine categories.[4]
Asset management and institutional sales
William Blair is a long-term partner to institutional and individual investors around the globe, with more than $72 billion in client assets through customized portfolios, separately managed accounts, mutual funds, SICAVs, and retail accounts. Using a disciplined research process, William Blair provides institutional investors active management across the market-capitalization spectrum in U.S., international, and global markets.
William Blair Capital Partners




William Blair Capital Partners logo


Main article: Chicago Growth Partners
Founded in 1982, William Blair Capital Partners was the investment arm of William Blair & Company. During the 1980s, WBCP was an active investor in leveraged buyout transactions.
In 2004, the principals of William Blair Capital Partners completed a spinout from William Blair to form Chicago Growth Partners, a private equity firm focusing on investments in growth capital and leveraged buyouts of lower middle market growth companies.[5] The primary motivation for the departure of the Chicago Growth Partners team from William Blair was to gain access to a more diversified base of institutional investors that was limited by the group's involvement with the investment bank.
In August 2006, the remaining partners of William Blair Capital Partners suspended efforts to raise William Blair Capital Partners VIII, which had been reportedly targeted at about $250 million. The remaining team left William Blair to found a new private equity firm, Seyen Capital.[6]
Office locations
The bank operates from 16 cities across 5 continents.




 Austin
 Boston
 Chicago
 Detroit


 Frankfurt
 Hartford
 London
 Los Angeles


 New York City
 San Antonio
 San Francisco
 Sao Paulo


 Shanghai
 Sydney
 Wilmington
 Zürich




Awards and accolades
In 2012, the firm was named "Investment Bank of the Year" by Mergers & Acquisitions magazine, and in 2013, it was named the "Mid-Market Financial Advisor of the Year" by the Financial Times and mergermarket. In addition, William Blair regularly receives M&A accolades, working for household-name clients such as Tumi, Pandora, Dunkin' Brands, and Caribou Coffee. For example, William Blair received "2013 North America M&A Deal of the Year" honors from M&A Atlas for advising Molex Inc. on its sale to Koch Industries for $7.2 billion. And in 2015, William Blair received "Global Deal of the Year" honors by M&A Atlas for the bank's work on Portfolio Recovery Associates' acquisition of Aktiv Kapital.
References



^ Businesswire http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20070619006534/en/William-Blair-Company-Opens-York-Office.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "Great Place to Work: William Blair". 
^ http://www.vault.com/company-profiles/commercial-banking-and-investment-banking/william-blair-company/company-overview.aspx.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "Vault: William Blair". 
^ Chicago Growth Grows But Retains Smaller Focus. Reuters Buyouts, April 14, 2008
^ *Blair, Lazard PE Groups Disband. Reuters Buyouts, August 7, 2006




A Fearless Leader With Long-Term Designs, Financial Times, May 25, 2008
An Island of Calm: Face to Face with Michelle Seitz. Pension & Investments, November 10, 2008

External links

William Blair & Company (company profile)







v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=William_Blair_%26_Company&oldid=769465942"					
Categories: Investment banksCompanies based in ChicagoHidden categories: Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pagesPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using infobox company with unsupported parametersAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2009 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 9 March 2017, at 18:48.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









William Blair & Company - Wikipedia




















 







William Blair & Company

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


William Blair & Company





Type

Private Company


Industry
Financial Services


Predecessor
Blair, Bonner & Co.


Founded
1935; 82 years ago (1935)


Founder
William McCormick Blair and Francis A. Bonner


Headquarters
Franklin Center
Chicago, Illinois, United States


Products
Investment Banking, Equity research, Brokerage, Asset Management, Private Capital


Revenue
 $845 Million (2014)



Number of employees

1,480 (2016)


Website
www.williamblair.com


William Blair & Company ("William Blair") is a privately held, employee-owned financial services firm that provides investment banking, equity research, brokerage, asset management and private capital services.
Headquartered in Chicago, it has 16 offices on five continents in cities such as Boston, Frankfurt, London, New York, San Francisco, Sao Paulo, Sydney, and Zurich. It also maintains a presence in Asia, taking an ownership stake in Business Development Asia, which has offices in Beijing, Hong Kong, Mumbai, Ho Chi Minh City, Seoul, and Tokyo.
In 2015, William Blair received "M&A Deal of the Year," "Corporate and Strategic Acquisition of the Year," and "Cross-border Deal of the Year" from M&A Advisor; that same year, the firm received "Americas Investment Bank of the Year" and "Investment Bank of the Year" from M&A Atlas. Most recently, William Blair was ranked as the 14th "Best Global Investment Bank" by the Vault Guide.
The firm regularly works with household-name clients such as Google, Shake Shack, Whole Foods, and IBM.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Founding and early years
1.2 Growth and development
1.3 Recent years


2 Business overview

2.1 Investment banking
2.2 Equity research
2.3 Asset management and institutional sales


3 William Blair Capital Partners
4 Office locations
5 Awards and accolades
6 References
7 External links



History
Founding and early years
William Blair & Company opened on January 8, 1935, as Blair, Bonner & Co. The firm was founded by William M. Blair and Francis A. Bonner who had worked together at investment firm Lee, Higginson & Co., prior to its collapse in 1932-1933.
In its early days, it assisted the growth of the Household Finance Corporation, Continental Casualty and Continental Assurance companies (today CNA Insurance). The firm focused on raising capital, primarily for midwestern growth-oriented companies, through its own originated issues rather than distribute securities for larger Wall Street-based investment banks.
In 1941 Bonner left the company, and it was renamed William Blair & Company. In 1946 Blair's sons, William McCormick Blair, Jr., Edward McCormick Blair and Bowen Blair joined the firm. Blair, Sr. stepped down as managing partner in 1961, and handed the reins over to his son Edward. William M. Blair remained a senior partner of William Blair & Co. until his death in 1982 (age 97).
Under Edward Blair and Edgar D. Jannotta (managing partner from 1977 to 1994) the firm experienced two difficult periods: the late 1960s, when the inability to process trades resulted in a paper crunch that threatened the industry with shutdown, and the 1970s, when the market value of securities and underwriting activity declined substantially.[citation needed] The firm continued to help finance growth companies completing initial public offerings for companies such as Molex, Oil-Dri Corporation, and Safety-Kleen during the 1970s.
Growth and development
In the 1980s, the firm generally avoided many of the hottest areas including underwriting junk bonds, hostile takeovers and merger arbitrage.[citation needed] The company expanded its geographic reach, opening additional offices in London and Liechtenstein to better serve international clients. It enlarged its corporate client base to encompass more companies throughout the United States beyond the midwest and extended its corporate financial services.[citation needed]
During the 1990s, business continued to expand dramatically. Between 1991 and 1996 William Blair & Company lead managed or co-managed 196 equity underwriting transactions representing $13.6 billion in capital. William Blair & Company also expanded its debt finance services, becoming active in bond financing and bond trading. The firm continued to serve traditional debt-issuing clients such as private corporations and states, counties, municipalities and school districts while expanding this client base to encompass healthcare facilities, institutions of higher learning and transportation authorities. The firm also earned a growing national reputation for successfully floating bonds for cultural institutions.[citation needed]
Recent years
In 1995 the firm opened a Zurich office, followed in 1996 by a San Francisco office, and in 1999 by a new office in Hartford. William Blair also expanded its international presence by increasing the size of its Tokyo and London offices. In August 2006, William Blair opened an institutional sales and trading office in downtown Boston, as part of an effort to locate in regions with a high concentration of clients. In 2007, the firm opened a new representative office in Shanghai and another institutional sales office in New York.[1]
In 2017, William Blair's Chicago headquarters will move to 150 N. Riverside Plaza. The new headquarters will be Sustainability LEED-CS Gold Pre-certified with a maximization of open space, 1.5-acre park, plus 100% green roof.[2]
Business overview
Investment banking
William Blair's investment banking group focuses on high-growth companies, executing advisory and financing services such as mergers and acquisitions, public equity offerings, and private capital raises. From 2010 to 2014, the investment banking group completed more than 330 M&A transactions, worth a total of $73 billion in value.[3]
These deals involved parties in 36 countries and five continents; nearly one-third of all transactions were cross-border. During that same period, the firm was an underwriter on more than 20 percent of all U.S. initial public offerings and raised nearly $100 billion in public and private financing.
Equity research
The firm is also known for its equity research unit, which was named the "Most Trusted Research" in Greenwich Associates' 2014 survey of small and mid-cap portfolio managers. In the 2015 survey, William Blair ranked No. 1, No. 2, or No. 3 in nine categories.[4]
Asset management and institutional sales
William Blair is a long-term partner to institutional and individual investors around the globe, with more than $72 billion in client assets through customized portfolios, separately managed accounts, mutual funds, SICAVs, and retail accounts. Using a disciplined research process, William Blair provides institutional investors active management across the market-capitalization spectrum in U.S., international, and global markets.
William Blair Capital Partners




William Blair Capital Partners logo


Main article: Chicago Growth Partners
Founded in 1982, William Blair Capital Partners was the investment arm of William Blair & Company. During the 1980s, WBCP was an active investor in leveraged buyout transactions.
In 2004, the principals of William Blair Capital Partners completed a spinout from William Blair to form Chicago Growth Partners, a private equity firm focusing on investments in growth capital and leveraged buyouts of lower middle market growth companies.[5] The primary motivation for the departure of the Chicago Growth Partners team from William Blair was to gain access to a more diversified base of institutional investors that was limited by the group's involvement with the investment bank.
In August 2006, the remaining partners of William Blair Capital Partners suspended efforts to raise William Blair Capital Partners VIII, which had been reportedly targeted at about $250 million. The remaining team left William Blair to found a new private equity firm, Seyen Capital.[6]
Office locations
The bank operates from 16 cities across 5 continents.




 Austin
 Boston
 Chicago
 Detroit


 Frankfurt
 Hartford
 London
 Los Angeles


 New York City
 San Antonio
 San Francisco
 Sao Paulo


 Shanghai
 Sydney
 Wilmington
 Zürich




Awards and accolades
In 2012, the firm was named "Investment Bank of the Year" by Mergers & Acquisitions magazine, and in 2013, it was named the "Mid-Market Financial Advisor of the Year" by the Financial Times and mergermarket. In addition, William Blair regularly receives M&A accolades, working for household-name clients such as Tumi, Pandora, Dunkin' Brands, and Caribou Coffee. For example, William Blair received "2013 North America M&A Deal of the Year" honors from M&A Atlas for advising Molex Inc. on its sale to Koch Industries for $7.2 billion. And in 2015, William Blair received "Global Deal of the Year" honors by M&A Atlas for the bank's work on Portfolio Recovery Associates' acquisition of Aktiv Kapital.
References



^ Businesswire http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20070619006534/en/William-Blair-Company-Opens-York-Office.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "Great Place to Work: William Blair". 
^ http://www.vault.com/company-profiles/commercial-banking-and-investment-banking/william-blair-company/company-overview.aspx.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "Vault: William Blair". 
^ Chicago Growth Grows But Retains Smaller Focus. Reuters Buyouts, April 14, 2008
^ *Blair, Lazard PE Groups Disband. Reuters Buyouts, August 7, 2006




A Fearless Leader With Long-Term Designs, Financial Times, May 25, 2008
An Island of Calm: Face to Face with Michelle Seitz. Pension & Investments, November 10, 2008

External links

William Blair & Company (company profile)







v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=William_Blair_%26_Company&oldid=769465942"					
Categories: Investment banksCompanies based in ChicagoHidden categories: Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pagesPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using infobox company with unsupported parametersAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2009 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 9 March 2017, at 18:48.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









William Blair & Company - Wikipedia




















 







William Blair & Company

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


William Blair & Company





Type

Private Company


Industry
Financial Services


Predecessor
Blair, Bonner & Co.


Founded
1935; 82 years ago (1935)


Founder
William McCormick Blair and Francis A. Bonner


Headquarters
Franklin Center
Chicago, Illinois, United States


Products
Investment Banking, Equity research, Brokerage, Asset Management, Private Capital


Revenue
 $845 Million (2014)



Number of employees

1,480 (2016)


Website
www.williamblair.com


William Blair & Company ("William Blair") is a privately held, employee-owned financial services firm that provides investment banking, equity research, brokerage, asset management and private capital services.
Headquartered in Chicago, it has 16 offices on five continents in cities such as Boston, Frankfurt, London, New York, San Francisco, Sao Paulo, Sydney, and Zurich. It also maintains a presence in Asia, taking an ownership stake in Business Development Asia, which has offices in Beijing, Hong Kong, Mumbai, Ho Chi Minh City, Seoul, and Tokyo.
In 2015, William Blair received "M&A Deal of the Year," "Corporate and Strategic Acquisition of the Year," and "Cross-border Deal of the Year" from M&A Advisor; that same year, the firm received "Americas Investment Bank of the Year" and "Investment Bank of the Year" from M&A Atlas. Most recently, William Blair was ranked as the 14th "Best Global Investment Bank" by the Vault Guide.
The firm regularly works with household-name clients such as Google, Shake Shack, Whole Foods, and IBM.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Founding and early years
1.2 Growth and development
1.3 Recent years


2 Business overview

2.1 Investment banking
2.2 Equity research
2.3 Asset management and institutional sales


3 William Blair Capital Partners
4 Office locations
5 Awards and accolades
6 References
7 External links



History
Founding and early years
William Blair & Company opened on January 8, 1935, as Blair, Bonner & Co. The firm was founded by William M. Blair and Francis A. Bonner who had worked together at investment firm Lee, Higginson & Co., prior to its collapse in 1932-1933.
In its early days, it assisted the growth of the Household Finance Corporation, Continental Casualty and Continental Assurance companies (today CNA Insurance). The firm focused on raising capital, primarily for midwestern growth-oriented companies, through its own originated issues rather than distribute securities for larger Wall Street-based investment banks.
In 1941 Bonner left the company, and it was renamed William Blair & Company. In 1946 Blair's sons, William McCormick Blair, Jr., Edward McCormick Blair and Bowen Blair joined the firm. Blair, Sr. stepped down as managing partner in 1961, and handed the reins over to his son Edward. William M. Blair remained a senior partner of William Blair & Co. until his death in 1982 (age 97).
Under Edward Blair and Edgar D. Jannotta (managing partner from 1977 to 1994) the firm experienced two difficult periods: the late 1960s, when the inability to process trades resulted in a paper crunch that threatened the industry with shutdown, and the 1970s, when the market value of securities and underwriting activity declined substantially.[citation needed] The firm continued to help finance growth companies completing initial public offerings for companies such as Molex, Oil-Dri Corporation, and Safety-Kleen during the 1970s.
Growth and development
In the 1980s, the firm generally avoided many of the hottest areas including underwriting junk bonds, hostile takeovers and merger arbitrage.[citation needed] The company expanded its geographic reach, opening additional offices in London and Liechtenstein to better serve international clients. It enlarged its corporate client base to encompass more companies throughout the United States beyond the midwest and extended its corporate financial services.[citation needed]
During the 1990s, business continued to expand dramatically. Between 1991 and 1996 William Blair & Company lead managed or co-managed 196 equity underwriting transactions representing $13.6 billion in capital. William Blair & Company also expanded its debt finance services, becoming active in bond financing and bond trading. The firm continued to serve traditional debt-issuing clients such as private corporations and states, counties, municipalities and school districts while expanding this client base to encompass healthcare facilities, institutions of higher learning and transportation authorities. The firm also earned a growing national reputation for successfully floating bonds for cultural institutions.[citation needed]
Recent years
In 1995 the firm opened a Zurich office, followed in 1996 by a San Francisco office, and in 1999 by a new office in Hartford. William Blair also expanded its international presence by increasing the size of its Tokyo and London offices. In August 2006, William Blair opened an institutional sales and trading office in downtown Boston, as part of an effort to locate in regions with a high concentration of clients. In 2007, the firm opened a new representative office in Shanghai and another institutional sales office in New York.[1]
In 2017, William Blair's Chicago headquarters will move to 150 N. Riverside Plaza. The new headquarters will be Sustainability LEED-CS Gold Pre-certified with a maximization of open space, 1.5-acre park, plus 100% green roof.[2]
Business overview
Investment banking
William Blair's investment banking group focuses on high-growth companies, executing advisory and financing services such as mergers and acquisitions, public equity offerings, and private capital raises. From 2010 to 2014, the investment banking group completed more than 330 M&A transactions, worth a total of $73 billion in value.[3]
These deals involved parties in 36 countries and five continents; nearly one-third of all transactions were cross-border. During that same period, the firm was an underwriter on more than 20 percent of all U.S. initial public offerings and raised nearly $100 billion in public and private financing.
Equity research
The firm is also known for its equity research unit, which was named the "Most Trusted Research" in Greenwich Associates' 2014 survey of small and mid-cap portfolio managers. In the 2015 survey, William Blair ranked No. 1, No. 2, or No. 3 in nine categories.[4]
Asset management and institutional sales
William Blair is a long-term partner to institutional and individual investors around the globe, with more than $72 billion in client assets through customized portfolios, separately managed accounts, mutual funds, SICAVs, and retail accounts. Using a disciplined research process, William Blair provides institutional investors active management across the market-capitalization spectrum in U.S., international, and global markets.
William Blair Capital Partners




William Blair Capital Partners logo


Main article: Chicago Growth Partners
Founded in 1982, William Blair Capital Partners was the investment arm of William Blair & Company. During the 1980s, WBCP was an active investor in leveraged buyout transactions.
In 2004, the principals of William Blair Capital Partners completed a spinout from William Blair to form Chicago Growth Partners, a private equity firm focusing on investments in growth capital and leveraged buyouts of lower middle market growth companies.[5] The primary motivation for the departure of the Chicago Growth Partners team from William Blair was to gain access to a more diversified base of institutional investors that was limited by the group's involvement with the investment bank.
In August 2006, the remaining partners of William Blair Capital Partners suspended efforts to raise William Blair Capital Partners VIII, which had been reportedly targeted at about $250 million. The remaining team left William Blair to found a new private equity firm, Seyen Capital.[6]
Office locations
The bank operates from 16 cities across 5 continents.




 Austin
 Boston
 Chicago
 Detroit


 Frankfurt
 Hartford
 London
 Los Angeles


 New York City
 San Antonio
 San Francisco
 Sao Paulo


 Shanghai
 Sydney
 Wilmington
 Zürich




Awards and accolades
In 2012, the firm was named "Investment Bank of the Year" by Mergers & Acquisitions magazine, and in 2013, it was named the "Mid-Market Financial Advisor of the Year" by the Financial Times and mergermarket. In addition, William Blair regularly receives M&A accolades, working for household-name clients such as Tumi, Pandora, Dunkin' Brands, and Caribou Coffee. For example, William Blair received "2013 North America M&A Deal of the Year" honors from M&A Atlas for advising Molex Inc. on its sale to Koch Industries for $7.2 billion. And in 2015, William Blair received "Global Deal of the Year" honors by M&A Atlas for the bank's work on Portfolio Recovery Associates' acquisition of Aktiv Kapital.
References



^ Businesswire http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20070619006534/en/William-Blair-Company-Opens-York-Office.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "Great Place to Work: William Blair". 
^ http://www.vault.com/company-profiles/commercial-banking-and-investment-banking/william-blair-company/company-overview.aspx.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "Vault: William Blair". 
^ Chicago Growth Grows But Retains Smaller Focus. Reuters Buyouts, April 14, 2008
^ *Blair, Lazard PE Groups Disband. Reuters Buyouts, August 7, 2006




A Fearless Leader With Long-Term Designs, Financial Times, May 25, 2008
An Island of Calm: Face to Face with Michelle Seitz. Pension & Investments, November 10, 2008

External links

William Blair & Company (company profile)







v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=William_Blair_%26_Company&oldid=769465942"					
Categories: Investment banksCompanies based in ChicagoHidden categories: Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pagesPages using deprecated image syntaxPages using infobox company with unsupported parametersAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2009 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 9 March 2017, at 18:48.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 













Zoetis Inc. (NYSE:ZTS) Shares Sold by Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management LLP | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Zoetis Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Zoetis Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Saga Communications, Inc. (NYSEMKT:SGA) Downgraded by ValuEngine					

VALE S.A. (NYSE:VALE) Earns “Hold” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC					

Mastercard Incorporated (NYSE:MA) Price Target Raised to $0.00					

United Bank Inc. Boosts Stake in HollyFrontier Corporation (NYSE:HFC)					

Healthcare Services Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:HCSG) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research					

Zoetis Inc. (NYSE:ZTS) Shares Sold by Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management LLP					

TRI Pointe Group, Inc. (NYSE:TPH) to Post Q4 2017 Earnings of $0.57 Per Share, Wedbush Forecasts					

Senseonics Holdings Inc (NYSE:SENS) Sees Large Decrease in Short Interest					

Stifel Nicolaus Reaffirms Buy Rating for Tallgrass Energy GP, LP (NYSE:TEGP)					

Erin Energy Corp (NYSE:ERN) Sees Significant Drop in Short Interest					

Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited’s (NYSE:TEVA) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.					

United Bank Inc. Holds Stake in National Fuel Gas Company (NFG)					

Trilogy Metals Inc (NYSE:TMQ) Short Interest Down 8.6% in June					

Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT) Downgraded by Vetr Inc.					

Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management LLP Has $31.35 Million Position in Tiffany & Co. (NYSE:TIF)					

Hi-Crush Partners LP (NYSE:HCLP) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts					

Compass Diversified Holdings (NYSE:CODI) Earns Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC					

Aberdeen Asset Management plc (LON:ADN) Lifted to Buy at HSBC Holdings plc					

Mandatum Life Insurance Co Ltd Sells 1,411 Shares of McCormick & Company, Incorporated (NYSE:MKC)					

CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) Stake Maintained by Mandatum Life Insurance Co Ltd					





 





						Zoetis Inc. (NYSE:ZTS) Shares Sold by Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management LLP					

						 July 18th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Latisha Jones 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management LLP reduced its position in  Zoetis Inc. (NYSE:ZTS) by 63.5% during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor  owned 20,398 shares of the company’s stock after selling 35,446 shares during the period. Zoetis comprises about  0.1% of Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management LLP’s holdings, making the stock its 14th largest position. Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management LLP’s holdings in Zoetis were worth $1,278,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. Dixon Hubard Feinour & Brown Inc. VA raised its position in shares of  Zoetis by 2.8% in the second quarter. Dixon Hubard Feinour & Brown Inc. VA now owns 12,265 shares of the company’s stock valued at $765,000 after buying an additional 330 shares during the period.  Ardevora Asset Management LLP purchased a new position in shares of  Zoetis during the second quarter valued at about $28,801,000.  CENTRAL TRUST Co raised its position in shares of  Zoetis by 640.5% in the second quarter. CENTRAL TRUST Co now owns 19,728 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,231,000 after buying an additional 17,064 shares during the period.  OLD National Bancorp IN purchased a new position in shares of  Zoetis during the second quarter valued at about $1,614,000.  Finally, Eqis Capital Management Inc. purchased a new position in shares of  Zoetis during the second quarter valued at about $352,000. 95.10% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 
Shares of Zoetis Inc. (NYSE ZTS) traded down 1.08% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $62.39. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 420,870 shares. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $62.00 and a 200 day moving average price of $56.13. The company has a market cap of $30.62 billion, a P/E ratio of 36.27 and a beta of 1.03. Zoetis Inc. has a 1-year low of $46.86 and a 1-year high of $63.85. 




Zoetis (NYSE:ZTS) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported $0.53 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.48 by $0.05. Zoetis had a return on equity of 65.35% and a net margin of 17.25%. The business had revenue of $1.23 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.20 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.48 EPS. The firm’s revenue was up 5.9% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, equities research analysts predict that  Zoetis Inc. will post $2.33 EPS for the current year. 
The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, September 1st. Investors of record on Thursday, June 15th will be given a $0.105 dividend. This represents a $0.42 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.67%. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, June 13th. Zoetis’s payout ratio is 24.42%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was first  posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/18/zoetis-inc-nysezts-shares-sold-by-boussard-gavaudan-investment-management-llp.html. 
ZTS has been the topic of several research reports. Zacks Investment Research raised Zoetis from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $67.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, May 10th. Jefferies Group LLC upped their price target on Zoetis from $65.00 to $70.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, May 9th. BMO Capital Markets  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $60.00 price target on shares of Zoetis in a research note on Thursday, May 4th. Argus  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $69.00 price target (up previously from $60.00) on shares of Zoetis in a research note on Tuesday, May 30th. Finally, CL King initiated coverage on Zoetis in a research note on Friday, May 26th. They set a “buy” rating and a $71.00 price target on the stock. One equities research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued  a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the company. Zoetis  has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $63.11.
In related news, insider Catherine A. Knupp sold 5,785 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $60.16, for a total value of $348,025.60. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 24,415 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,468,806.40. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Insiders own  0.31% of the company’s stock. 
About Zoetis
Zoetis Inc is engaged in the discovery, development, manufacture and commercialization of animal health medicines and vaccines, with a focus on both livestock and companion animals. The Company has a business, commercializing products across eight core species: cattle, swine, poultry, sheep and fish (collectively, livestock) and dogs, cats and horses (collectively, companion animals), and within five product categories: anti-infectives, vaccines, parasiticides, medicated feed additives and other pharmaceuticals.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ZTS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Zoetis Inc. (NYSE:ZTS).






Receive News & Ratings for Zoetis Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Zoetis Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 
























































