










Eric Blanchard | Dresser Wayne | Email Product Verification, Test and Support Engineer | @wayne.com | Phone: (706) 693-2271








































 









 



  Business Card for Eric Blanchard:


  Eric Blanchard
 Product Verification, Test and Support Engineer
Pendergrass, GA area 





Dresser Wayne 
 
                  3814 Jarrett Way                  

Austin, TX 78728  

                  Tel: (972) 361-9800 

www.wayne.com
 Last updated on 2016-04-15 

  Get Contact Info >>
                  it's free and takes 20 seconds






 Opt Out or Update this Contact:
 Opt Out
Update name
Update title
Update phone
Update email
Not at this company anymore 






 

 About Eric Blanchard:

Eric Blanchard  works as an Product Verification, Test and Support Engineer for Dresser Wayne at Pendergrass, GA.  The company's webpage is http://www.wayne.com.
                  For email, phone number and executive profiles for Product Verification, Test and Support Engineer and other executives of Dresser Wayne at Pendergrass, GA, check
                  Dresser Wayne                  at Joesdata.com. Not the Eric Blanchard you are looking for? Do a quick search in our website and find other people named Eric Blanchard. 

 Eric Blanchard's Work History:
               
                Test Engineer and Sustaining at Dresser WayneHelpdesk at Softec SolutionsComputer Technician II/ AV Support Technician at U.S. Environmental Protection AgencyDesktop Support at Graphic Packaging International - GoldenCODesktop Support / Helpdesk at Graphic Packaging InternationalDesktop Support/Helpdesk at Perot SystemsQA Analyst at TokheimSoftware Quality Assurance Analyst / Support Analyst at Dresser WayneTest at Symbios Logic. 


 Eric Blanchard's Education:
                
                AmeriTeach ProfessionalPikes Peak Community CollegeITT Technical InstitutePortland State University. 


 Eric Blanchard's Co-workers:
                
                As of July 24, 2017, Eric Blanchard has
                48                co-workers under the company name
                Dresser Wayne                at Joesdata.com. 






 About Dresser Wayne:

Dresser Wayne is located at 3814 Jarrett Way, Austin, TX 78728. It has around 1K - 5K employees. Its revenue is around $100 - 500M. Wayne, a GE Energy Business (www.wayne.com) is a global leader in the manufacture, service, and supply of fuel dispensers, dispenser control systems, payment processing terminals, and point-of-sale systems. Headquartered in Austin, Texas, Wayne has offices in over 20 countries in North America, Latin America, Europe and Asia, with sales and service operations in over 145 countries worldwide. 

General Electric (www.ge.com - NYSE: GE) has acquired Wayne as part of the GE Energy business group. GE has been respected for its performance and innovative spirit for over 100 years. GE people worldwide are dedicated to turning imaginative ideas into leading products and services that help solve some of the worlds toughest problems. 

Wayne press releases can be accessed anytime on the company website (www.wayne.com) under the News and Events tab in the Press Releases section.
Specialties
Retail and Commercial Fuel Dispensers, Payment Systems, Point of Sale Systems, Fuel Management Solutions, Retail Site Management Software 

Company News: 
				No company news available. 
 
People in the same industry:

T. CampbellEngineering ManagerCook Food, Inc.Robert RayEngineering ManagerHostess Brands, LLCJohn ReutterPlant EngineerThe Kroger Co.Ken WeaverEngineering ManagerGreat Western Malting Co.Martin GlabPlant EngineerC & F Packing CoBrian KummPlant EngineerHormel Foods Corp 







 











 














About Us 
Privacy 
Terms of Use 
Work for Us
Contact Us



People Directory:
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
Company Directory:
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z













Copyright ©  2017 Joesdata.com All Rights Reserved.









			Covington & Burling LLP |  Eric W. Blanchard 
		















































This website uses cookies. For more information please contact us or consult our privacy policy.





Your binder contains too many pages, the maximum is 40.





We are unable to add this page to your binder, please try again later.





This page has been added to your binder.









					Home
				



					Professionals
				


			Eric W. Blanchard 
		





				Back
			















PDF Binder



Create PDF


Add to Binder




Word Document Binder















                        
                        Eric
                        W.
                        Blanchard
                        
                    


                    Partner
                





                                    New York
                                


                                +1 212 841 1111
                            


                                    eblanchard@cov.com
                                




Download V-card




View Full Bio
View Less


Eric Blanchard is a partner resident in the firm’s New York office and is a Vice Chair of the Securities & Capital Markets practice group.  Mr. Blanchard’s practice focuses on domestic and international capital markets transactions, as well as governance, securities law reporting and compliance.  Mr. Blanchard has worked on securities offerings involving issuers from a variety of industries, from life sciences and technology to retail and consumer goods.  In addition, Mr. Blanchard has represented both issuers and shareholders in proxy contests and shareholder activism matters.







Representative Matters



Governance Matters 

Illumina, Inc. in connection with a successful proxy defense relating to a hostile takeover bid by Roche.
    
The Board of Trustees of The Ohio State University in connection with a university-wide assessment of the institution’s compliance program, which led to the establishment of a novel Office of University Compliance and Integrity.
    
A large private equity firm in connection with a review of the governance and compliance programs of several of the firm’s portfolio companies.
    
The independent directors of a large life sciences company in connection with corporate governance and compliance matters.

Capital Markets Matters
Investment Grade Debt

Johnson & Johnson in multiple offerings of investment-grade notes.
Bristol-Myers Squibb Company in an offering of euro-denominated investment-grade notes.
Zoetis Inc. in an offering of investment-grade notes.
The underwriters in numerous public offerings of investment-grade notes of Jefferies Group, Inc.
The underwriters in several public offerings of investment-grade notes of The Clorox Company.
The underwriters in numerous public and private offerings of investment-grade notes of Cardinal Health, Inc.
The initial purchasers in a private offering of investment-grade notes of CareFusion Corporation in connection with a leveraged spinoff.

IPOs and Follow-on Equity

The underwriters in the US IPO of American Depositary Shares of Nabriva Therapeutics AG, an Austria-based biotechnology company focused on developing a new class of antibiotics. 
The underwriters in the initial public offering of common stock of Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biotechnology company focused on cellular immunotherapies therapies.
The underwriters in the initial public offering and follow-on equity offering of Affimed N.V., a biotechnology company focused on immuno-oncology.
The underwriters in the initial public offering and follow-on equity offering of ordinary shares of uniQure N.V., a Netherlands-based biotechnology company focused on gene therapies.
The underwriters in the initial public offering and follow-on offering of NeuroDerm Ltd., an Israel-based biotechnology company focused on developing therapies for CNS disease. 
The underwriters in the initial public offering of American Depositary Shares of 3SBio Inc., a China-based biotechnology company, which involved the first listing of a China-based biotechnology company on Nasdaq.

Convertible Debt

Illumina, Inc. in multiple private offering of convertible notes pursuant to Rule 144A and Regulation S.
Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. in a public offering of convertible notes.
Central European Media Enterprises, Ltd., a large international media firm, in an exchange of newly issued convertible notes for outstanding convertible notes conducted pursuant to Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act.
The underwriters in a contemporaneous public offering of convertible notes and common stock of Gevo, Inc., a renewable chemicals and advanced biofuels company.

High Yield Debt

Central European Media Enterprises, Ltd., a large international media firm, in a private offering of senior secured notes pursuant to Rule 144A and Regulation S.
Cyfrowy Polsat, a leading Polish media firm, in a private offering of senior secured notes pursuant to Rule 144A and Regulation S.








Memberships and Affiliations




Society of Corporate Secretaries and Governance Professionals
    
American Bar Association
    
Association of the Bar of the City of New York, Financial Reporting Committee








News and Insights (Showing 5 of 11)
(Showing 11 of 11)













SEC Permits All Companies to File Certain Registration Statements Confidentially



									    Alert
								    



							    July 5, 2017, Covington Alert

On June 29, 2017, the Division of Corporate Finance of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Division”) announced that it will permit all companies to submit drafts of certain registration statements to the Division on a confidential basis, expanding a popular privilege that was made available to emerging growth companies (“EGCs”) under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (known as the JOBS Act) in 2012. 






3 Questions Shaping 2017 JPMorgan Health Care Conference



									    Media Mention
								    



							    January 6, 2017, Law360


								    Eric Blanchard is quoted in a Law360 article providing a roundup of top-of-mind questions at this year’s JPMorgan health care conference. According to Blanchard, “I think the real question is: Are people going to buy this year?” He adds, “Is there going to be investor demand?” 
Commenting on mergers and acquisitions, Blanchard says, “By and large, if there is a ...
							    







The Federal Reserve Cracks Down on Form SLT Reporting by U.S. Foreign Bond Issuers



									    Alert
								    



							    June 13, 2016, Covington Alert

The Federal Reserve has recently sent non-compliance notices to U.S. issuers of foreign-currency denominated bonds that are sold abroad (“foreign bonds”), including Euro bonds, for failure to submit Treasury International Capital (TIC) Form SLT. Although the final instructions for Form SLT were promulgated in February 2011, this filing requirement has come as a surprise to many U.S. corporate issuers. 






3 Firms To Steer 4 IPOs That Could Raise $471M



									    Media Mention
								    



							    May 6, 2016, Law360


								    Eric Blanchard is quoted in a Law360 article examining $471 million in initial public offerings from the week of May 9. According to Blanchard, "We're in a position of watchful waiting at the moment." He continues, “If we see these four or five deals go well, hopefully we will see another round of deals and get some momentum going."
							    







Covington Represents Underwriters in Nabriva Therapeutics IPO



									    Press Release
								    



							    September 30, 2015
						    

								    NEW YORK - Covington advised the underwriters in the $106.1 million initial public offering by Austrian-based Nabriva Therapeutics AG of 10,350,000 million American Depositary Shares, representing 1,035,000 shares of Nabriva’s common stock. This was the first U.S. initial public offering by an Austrian company. The ADSs are now listed on the NASDAQ Global Market ...
							    







Covington Represents Underwriters in Cidara IPO



									    Press Release
								    



							    April 20, 2015
						    

								    NEW YORK — Covington advised the underwriters in the $76.8 million initial public offering of common stock of Cidara Therapeutics, Inc. Shares of Cidara trade on the NASDAQ Global Market under the ticker “CDTX.”
Cidara is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of anti-infectives for treatment of diseases ...
							    







Recent Federal Securities Regulatory and Other Developments



									    Alert
								    



							    March 27, 2015, Covington E-Alert








Covington Advises Indivior on Demerger from Reckitt Benckiser



									    Press Release
								    



							    November 17, 2014
						    

								    LONDON, 17 November, 2014 — Covington is advising Indivior, formerly RB Pharmaceuticals, in the demerger transaction announced today from Reckitt Benckiser, a global consumer products company. The demerger is subject to the approval of RB shareholders. Indivior PLC will be a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on the treatment of addiction and closely ...
							    







Covington Lawyers Recognized by New York Super Lawyers



									    Press Release
								    



							    9/18/2013
						    

								    NEW YORK, September 18, 2013 — New York Super Lawyers selected 36 Covington & Burling lawyers for its 2013 list of top legal talent. Super Lawyers selects no more than five percent of the total lawyers in the state based on peer review and the publication’s independent research. 

Twenty-three Covington lawyers were named New York Super Lawyers: 

• Martin ...
							    







Covington Lawyers Recognized by NY Super Lawyers



									    Press Release
								    



							    September 24, 2012
						    

								    NEW YORK, September 24, 2012 — New York Super Lawyers selected 27 Covington & Burling lawyers for its 2012 list of top legal talent. Super Lawyers selects only five percent of the total lawyers in the state based upon peer review and the publication’s independent research.
Nineteen Covington lawyers were named New York Super Lawyers:

    Jack Bodner, Mergers & ...
							    







Covington Expands New York Capital Markets Practice



									    Press Release
								    



							    April 30, 2012
						    

								    NEW YORK, April 30, 2012 — Covington & Burling LLP is pleased to announce that capital markets lawyers Don Murray and Eric Blanchard will join the firm’s corporate practice as partners effective May 1st. They will be resident in the firm’s New York office. 
Mr. Murray and Mr. Blanchard represent underwriters and issuers in initial public offerings and other ...
							    




View More 

View Less 









Accolades




Legal 500 US, Finance - Capital Markets (2010-2016)
    
New York Super Lawyers “Rising Star” (2011-2015)







            Practices
            
        



                        Corporate
                    



                                    Corporate Governance
                                





                                    Mergers and Acquisitions
                                





                                    Capital Markets and Securities
                                





                                    Finance
                                









            Industries
            
        



                        Life Sciences
                    





                        Financial Services
                    





                        Energy
                    



                                    Other Renewables
                                








Education

						Catholic University of America, Columbus School of Law, J.D., 1999
					


magna cum laude 
Catholic University Law Review, Associate Editor


						University of Maryland, B.A., 1996
					




Bar Admissions


							New York
						


















   Eric Blanchard | Globalstar , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com






About LISA - LISA Nutrition















The global specialist in infant milk powder

Babies' health at stake
Overtaking the public health issue with LISA
Who can address to LISA?


Needs addressed

Improving or creating infant formula milk
Optimizing existing production processes
Establishing an infant milk powder manufacturing factory
Finding the right partner
Making a business model evolve
Getting a tailored response to a specific problem


Areas of intervention

A field of novel interventions in the sector
LISA, engineering firm
Transfer of technology and know-how by LISA
Selection of partners by LISA
Strategic consulting by LISA


Technical & economic environment

The continuum of growth in global demand for infant formula milk
Highly technical formulations
High-tech industrial processes
Concepts of quality of infant milk
Parameters of drying, energy consumption and sustainable development
Major under-exploited levers of excellence
Bibliographical references


About LISA

Eric Blanchard, undisputed expert
LISA's expertise
References & Partners
Contact
Industry News







Home › About LISA
About LISA

Eric Blanchard, an undisputed expert in infant milk powder
Eric Blanchard, Director of LISA, is an engineer ENITIAA (Ecole Nationale des Techniques des Industries Agroalimentaires). He has long been driven by the desire to better understand the drying process and the influence of various parameters on the quality and performance of the finished product.Eric Blanchard has been working for 17 years at Laiterie de Montaigu, as Production Manager, Director of R & D, Director of Quality and Industrial Director. During this period he filed in 2006, in cooperation with INRA, a patent support in determining the parameters of drying food products.During his research, he met Pierre Schuck, Research and Deputy Director of INRA (National Institute for Agronomic Research) of Rennes, France. Since then, Pierre Schuck collaborates regularly with LISA on various research topics and technical feasibility studies.Eric Blanchard is co-President of the ARIA Pays-de-la-Loire, regional branch of the ANIA (National Association of Food Industries).The scientific and technical expertise of Eric Blanchard is constantly enriched and updated, and makes him an undisputed specialist in baby milk powder in the world.Created in 2008 to meet the particular demands of a client, the consulting firm LISA opens to the needs expressed by all stakeholders in the sector, since 2011.
 
LISA's expertise in the manufacturing process of powdered infant milk
 
 
LISA has acquired a know-how and expertise internationally recognized in the field of infant milk powders. In particular, its control of drying processes and thus the quality of the finished product comes from a modeling method that exists nowhere else.This explains why LISA invokes a significant advance on the average of the state of the art in force in the entire industry.
Beyond common empiricism…
It is within the pilot spray dryers that most dairy companies seek efficient operating parameters. This determination  is made empirically, a posteriori, without taking into account the intrinsic composition of the product and its relationship with the predictable set of parameters.
… A unique mathematical model
The team who later joined LISA had before, helped by physicists, thermodynamicists and extensive material resources, participated in a three- years research designed to model the behavior of dry food.This work led to the construction of a predictive mathematical model, incorporating the main drying parameters of the system (drying efficiency, energy efficiency) depending on the composition of the product to dry.
 
The benefits for LISA’s clients
LISA’s clients avoid multiple laboratory and industrial pilot tests and they have their time and their initial development costs reduced.The economic gain is felt on operating expenses, since they optimize the energy consumption of their plant, let alone the ecological gain.
 
The constant updating of LISA expertise
LISA is planning to support new research topics, including seeking translate modeling from the macroscopic to the microscopic scale.It will use a predefined set of parameters and apply them to a particular product, the model should predict future changes in the particle and the quality of the product output (reconstitution of the powder, solubility and conservation).Other research topics promoted by LISA concern the technologies permitting the contribution of  special features to a powder (easy solubility...).
 








 Industry news
Newsletter
Documents
References & Partners
Contact





Copyright © 2011 Lisa Infant Milk • The ideal food for babies is breast milk. Whenever possible, it should always be preferred to infant formula.


Website powered by UGAL Login










403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.






ERIC BLANCHARD - EUNICE, LA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



LA



EUNICE



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            ERIC BLANCHARD
                                    



 





















E 


ERIC BLANCHARD
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



630 S EAST ST EUNICE, LA 70535
Get Directions



(337) 457-5512





Business Info



 Founded 2001
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $60,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts EDWARD L BLANCHARD







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Eric Blanchard is located at 630 S East St in Eunice and has been in the business of Business Services At Non-commercial Site since 2001. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







E

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














