

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 







BLOCS SCHOLARSHIP #5 LLC - Other- O'brien  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









BLOCS SCHOLARSHIP #5 LLC

      Industry: Other
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    555 Croton Road Suite 310 
    King Of Prussia, PA, 19406Phone: 484-704-2306 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-16


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 William O'brien 
 Executive 













 SECGems:

Form D 
	
		BLOCS SCHOLARSHIP #5 LLC
	

	

   


	0001692521-16-000002 








































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  
































 
						BLOCS SCHOLARSHIP #5 LLC 
					

					D
				

					  0001692521-16-000002 
				


				Notice of exempt offering of securities - made without registration ( Regulation D and Section 4 Small Businesses ) 










 
							filing date 
						


Dec. 16, 2016

 
							effectiveness date 
						


Dec. 16, 2016

 
							date of filing date change 
						


Dec. 16, 2016



Signed By

 Ted Aicher


						accession number
					
 
						
						  0001692521-16-000002
						
					

						type
					
 
						
						  D
						
					

						public document count
					
 
						
						  1
						
					

							items descs
						

								06b Federal Exemptions and Exclusions: Rule 506(b)
							





New!



		Contact
	


Looking to load all Form D filings easily into a spreadsheet or database?

Subscribe to files containing this and  over 250,000++ Form D filings from 2008 - Now
Easily sort / filter/graph offerings based on 'Offering Amount', 'city/state', 'Industry','# investors', and every field seen in this filing


Load in Microsoft Excel / Google Sheets 
Developers: CSV files work with Python / Java / databases, etc
API access Get access to all filings - old and new via real-time API
Real-Time alerts for this and all other form types






Key documents and exhibits


Link:
Type
Id
filename




 
					
 	  					D
 	  				
				


D


1


 primary_doc.xml







 






	  Primary Issuer 
	


BLOCS SCHOLARSHIP #5 LLC


			[ Limited Liability Company ] 
			 Jurisdiction: 
			PENNSYLVANIA
		


	 
	
	 555 CROTON ROAD
	 
	  SUITE 310
	
	   KING OF PRUSSIA, 
	   PA, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	   484-704-2306    
	    

		
	

	  Related Persons
	


William O'Brien

[ Executive Officer ] 

	 
	
	 555 Croton Road
	 
	 ,  Suite 310
	
	  ,  King of Prussia, 
	   PA, 
	  
	
	  
		
		, 
		
	    
	    
		    
			  
			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

		
	


		  Industry
		

		 Other 
		

			Offering Data
		

			Revenue range: $1 - $1,000,000


Date of first sale: 
Yet to occur 


			
				[ Equity ]
			
		

			Total offer 
		
 
			$ 833,000
		

			Total sold 
		
 
			$ 0
		

			Total remaining 
		
 
			$ 833,000
		

			# investors
		
 
			0 investors have already invested in this offering
		



			Signature
		


				BLOCS SCHOLARSHIP #5 LLC [ Ted Aicher ]  
				Ted Aicher [ Director of Finance ] 2016-12-16
			
















Type
Filing
Company
SIC
Rel
IRS #
State of INC
FY End
Mailing address
Former
Filing Vals


filer







BLOCS SCHOLARSHIP #5 LLC
 Cik: 0001692521
		  
		
			


	
		

	 
	
	 555 CROTON ROAD
	 
	  SUITE 310
	
	   KING OF PRUSSIA, 
	   PA, 
	   19406
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

		
		

 


812948974



			USA 
		
		[ PA ] 
1231



	 
	
	 555 CROTON ROAD
	 
	  SUITE 310
	
	   KING OF PRUSSIA, 
	   PA, 
	   19406
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

			
		
	




form typeD
act33
file number021-276454
film number162055467

































































stanne - BLOCs and EITC













Skip to main content











              guest
            




Join
|
Help
|
Sign In

 






stanne
 Home


 






guest|
Join
|
Help
|
Sign In









 











BLOCs and EITC

 Edit  0  3 … 
0  Tags





No tags


 


 Notify

 RSS

 Backlinks


 Source

 Print

 Export (PDF)

 









Educational Improvement 
Tax Credit 
 
 
Five (5) Easy Steps to Help Local Students and Pay Your Business Taxes All at the Same Time! 
1. Your company decides to help and completes the EITC application.
2. The state grants your company permission to participate in the program and reserves the tax credits you requested.
3. Your company then has up to sixty days to submit your contribution (75% or 90% of which is your actual tax payment) to the BLOCS office.
4. This donation is then acknowledged by BLOCS and the school(s) families are then allocated those funds as scholarships the following school year.
5. Your company then publicizes this worthwhile contribution and celebrates its new-found ability to spend their business tax dollars in a significant and fulfilling way; by helping students receive a great education and building a stronger labor force for our area.
IT’S REALLY THAT SIMPLE. 


Give back to your alma mater; help ensure a competent and skilled workforce for the local business community; help give area families the choice to send their children to receive a quality education – these are just a few of reasons why your business should participate in the Pennsylvania Educational Improvement Tax Credit (EITC) program.
The EITC program allows businesses (both corporations and partnerships) to effectively pay part of their state business taxes through state-certified, non-profit scholarship organizations (i.e,. BLOCS). BLOCS, in turn, distributes those dollars directly to financially eligible families as tuition subsidies, regardless of their race, religion or nationality.
Businesses that participate receive a 75% credit toward taxes owed; however, if that business provides a written, two-year commitment of equal funding, the tax credit is raised to a full 90%. Businesses, and any of their operating subsidiaries, are allowed to make contributions of up to $200,000. For business entities that are new to the EITC program, a business must be subject to one of the following six Pennsylvania business taxes:
 · Corporate Net Income Tax
 · Capital Stock Franchise Tax
 · Bank and Trust Company Shares Tax
 · Insurance Premiums Tax
 · Mutual Thrift Institutions Tax
 · Title Insurance Companies Shares Tax
When a business makes a donation to BLOCS through the EITC program, they also have the option of designating their donation to a specific Archdiocesan school(s), if desired.
BLOCS is the official Archdiocesan scholarship organization that represents the Elementary, Secondary, Special Education schools, as well as, many Private Catholic schools in our five county region (Bucks, Chester, Delaware, Montgomery and Philadelphia). BLOCS is one of nearly 200 registered, non-profit scholarship organizations authorized to participate in the EITC program. The EITC program’s popularity has led to the birth of many more scholarship organizations across Pennsylvania, and as such, this program has become very competitive, as more and more organizations are vying for the limited tax credits available. In the 2005-2006 fiscal year, the $29.7 million in tax credits available to eligible companies were exhausted in just one day (from the start of the program’s fiscal year which begins on July 1st). Because the tax credits were exhausted so quickly, we are strongly encouraging companies to begin the one page application process (which is a request for participation on a first-come, first serve basis) and return it directly to the BLOCS office.
The EITC program has produced what many in Pennsylvania have been advocating for years: a means for the business community to be involved with education. The EITC program enables companies to support local students by routing their tax payments through local non-profits as tuition assistance subsidies. It’s that simple—reviewing and completing this one page application can help change the lives of so many families throughout our area who otherwise could not afford the option of a quality, value-based education.
The EITC program is making a significant difference to many of our families who are struggling to provide their children with a solid academic foundation.
Interested businesses, families and/or school communities may contact the BLOCS office at (215) 587-0590 or blocs@adphila.org.





Business Leadership Organized for Catholic Schools
222 North Seventeenth Street, Suite 709 · Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103
Phone (215) 587-0590 · Fax (215) 667-2834
blocs@adphila.org















Javascript Required
You need to enable Javascript in your browser to edit pages.




help on how to format text
















 









Turn off "Getting Started"


Home


          ...
        



Loading...


















	Minority Voting in the United States by Kyle L. Kreider and Thomas J. Baldino, Editors - Praeger - ABC-CLIO














































Linworth Libraries Unlimited












Minority Voting in the United States

 
How will minority voting blocs impact future politics?
Print Flyer




December 2015
Praeger


Pages
782


Volumes
2


Size
6 1/8x9 1/4


Topics
Politics, Law, and Government/General


 
Race and Ethnicity/General






Sale!
Hardcover
978-1-4408-3023-5
$131.00 $65.50
Add to Cart


eBook
978-1-4408-3024-2
eBook Available from ABC-CLIOEmail ABC-CLIOorCall Your Preferred eBook Vendor for Pricing



International Pricing

Hardcover: £101.00/120,00€/A$175.00








What are the voting behaviors of the various minority groups in the United States and how will they shape the elections of tomorrow? This book explores the history of minority voting blocs and their influence on future American elections.
According to current scholarship, the Caucasian population of the United States is expected to be a minority by 2042. As the white majority disappears and politics shift with the changing tide, it is important to understand the voting behaviors of the significant minority voting blocs in the United States. In this book, a variety of voting blocs are examined: African Americans, women, Native Americans, Latinos (Mexicans, Cubans, Puerto Ricans), South Asians (Indians, Pakistanis, Bangladeshis), East Asians (Chinese, Japanese, Koreans), Filipinos, Pacific Islanders, Arab Americans, Muslim Americans, Jewish Americans, and the LGBT community. In addition to factual and historical information about the minority voting blocs, chapters also explore how Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, felon disenfranchisement laws, and voter ID laws impact a minority group's voting rights. Finally, the authors and contributors anticipate which issues are likely to influence each group's voters and affect future elections.
Features
Provides a thorough analysis of the most prominent minority voting blocks in the United States in an accessible, easy-to-understand formatUses the most current scholarship available to provide a resource for students, journalists, and scholars to examine election trendsOffers the reader a wealth of background and historical informationIncludes a comprehensive bibliography for additional readingDelves into topics that will impact future elections






Author Info

Kyle L. Kreider, PhD, is associate professor of political science at Wilkes University, Wilkes-Barre, PA. Kreider holds his doctorate in political science from Temple University.Thomas J. Baldino, PhD, is professor of political science at Wilkes University. He received his master's degree from the University of Illinois and his doctorate from the University of Pennsylvania.Kreider and Baldino have coauthored two works together: Greeenwood's Of the People, By the People, For the People: A Documentary Record of Voting Rights and Electoral Reform and U.S. Election Campaigns: A Documentary and Reference Guide.

Reviews/Endorsements
Reviews"A work that serious readers and students of minority voting in the United States will find challenging and rewarding in all the best ways."—Library Journal"Summing Up: Recommended. Lower- and upper-division undergraduates."—Choice
Look Inside








Other Titles of Interest
















Product Search




Praeger Product Search
                        















Publication Year



2018



2017



2016



2015



2014



Pre-2014



Format



Database

Ebook

Hardcover

Magazine (Print + Online)

Paperback

Paperback + CD




Audience


Academic Library


Public Library



Course Adoption



Need Help? Try our Search Tips






Topics (Praeger)
American History
Business
Current Events and Issues
Crime
Economics
Geography and World Cultures
Gay & Lesbian Studies
Health & Wellness
The Arts
Race and Ethnicity
Military History
Popular Culture
Politics, Law, and Government
Psychology
Religion
Mythology
Security Studies
Environment
Science
Technology
World History
Women's Studies
Librarianship: Philosophy, Values, and Issues
Management and Administration
Information Systems and Technology






Series
American Interest Group Politics
Energy Resources, Technology, and Policy
Intersections of Race, Ethnicity, and Culture
Praeger Security International
Psychology Briefs
Racism in American Institutions
The Historian's Annotated Classics




Other



Award Winner



Reviewed Content



Sale Title































The Best Scholarship Search Platforms of 2017 - Reviews.com

















































  The Best Scholarship Search Platforms of 2017












1. Introduction
College is the most expensive it’s ever been. With tuition rates rising an average of 3.5% every year, the average undergraduate now finishes their degree with over $37,000 in student debt. 
Scholarships are one of the best ways to reduce these growing costs and scholarship search platforms exist to help students find the most relevant ones. These platforms compile large databases of available scholarships and provide filters to allow students to maximize their searches. 
We created this guide to review the best scholarship search platforms and instruct students on how to use them effectively to find as many opportunities as possible. 
To determine the best scholarship search platforms, we spent over 40 hours researching 17 of the most popular sites across five core metrics including search functionality, scholarship availability, ease of use, application tools, and additional helpful resources.  
The best scholarship search platform was Fastweb. They scored the highest out of all 17 platforms because they were the easiest to use, had the most tools, and had among the most available scholarships with the highest dollar amounts. This search engine is best for most students including high school, undergraduate, and graduate. 
We also recommend Cappex. This platform scored consistently high in the most important categories of scholarship availability, ease of use, and tools. It is the best and best for students who want to be able to apply for and track the status of a large number of scholarships. 
What we’ll cover in this guide:

The major challenges students face when searching for scholarships

How the right search engine can help students overcome these challenges

What students should know before applying for a scholarship

The most important features of a great scholarship search platform

The best scholarship search platforms of 2017

Advice on early preparation to qualify for scholarships

Tips on applying for scholarships

Our full methodology and scoring process












2. The best scholarship search platforms of 2017


















#1: Fastweb

Fastweb is the top overall scholarship search platform in our review. They scored consistently high marks across every metric. They were the easiest to use as they required no registration to browse scholarship listings, had both a searchable database and personalized matches, and were mobile-friendly.
Fastweb also had the most tools of any platform. That fact, combined with a high score for scholarship availability, means Fastweb is the best platform for finding scholarships, managing deadlines, and tracking applications.
The only thing that could be considered a drawback would be a smaller number of search results than some competitors, but their overall third-place finish in that metric means they still outshine most. They also scored third-place in search functionality, so while the number of results you get may be smaller, they’re most likely more relevant to you than sites with high results but few filters.

#2 Cappex

Cappex ranked second place in our review mostly thanks to their large database. Only two other platforms returned more average search results, and even then, the margin wasn’t very wide. That database, combined with every desirable tool, pushed Cappex ahead of the competition.
Cappex was also among the easiest platforms to use. They have both a searchable database and personalized matches. When a site has only personalized matches, there’s no way for you to manually check the rest of the database for any opportunities that the matching filters might have missed. We saw nothing to suggest that Cappex gave bad matches, but it’s always a bonus to be able to search scholarships by category as well.
The main drawback of the Cappex platform is the fact that they offered no filters for military affiliation. Veteran scholarships may appear somewhere in their database, but there was no filter that would allow you to be matched specifically to them.

#3: Unigo

Strong scores in the most important metrics elevated Unigo to a third-place finish by a wide margin. The nearest competitors would have to make significant improvements to their platforms to overtake Unigo’s spot. Meanwhile, Unigo would only have to make a few minor additions to its site to claim our first-place position. 
Unigo ranked first in our most heavily-weighted metric, Search Functionality. They have the most filters and scholarship categories of any other platform at nearly 2,000. No other site allows you to get more specific in your search. They also tied our top ranked platform in Ease of Use, which means you should have no problems find the exact scholarship you need with minimal effort.
The only areas in which Unigo falls short are tools and additional resources. There are no deadline reminders or new match notifications, so you’ll have to be more diligent in your searches and managing deadlines than some sites.

Additional recommendations
#8: Big Future

Big Future is a scholarship search platform operated by the College Board, the administrators of the SAT. It is a basic, but thorough site that allows you to search multiple scholarship categories at once, including all of the key filters such as GPA, test scores, gender, and ethnicity. There are no saved profiles or personalized matches, so you need to re-enter your search every time you use it.
Where Big Future stands out is in the wealth of additional college planning tools they offer. They are a one-stop-shop for financial aid information and tuition planning. There are eight different cost calculators, as well as dozens of helpful articles, videos, and in-depth guides.
Even if you don’t utilize Big Future’s scholarship search, they are worth checking out for their helpful tools alone. If you use them in conjunction with one of our top-ranking search platforms, you should have no problem planning your college finances.











3. What should you know about scholarships?
What are scholarships?
At its most basic definition, a scholarship is money for tuition and school expenses that doesn’t need to be repaid, unlike a student loan. It is a gift from a donor that you use to pay for college. 
Scholarships are sponsored by a variety of organizations including (but not limited to) schools, businesses, professional associations, and religious groups.
How do scholarships work?
Scholarships are set up exclusively for students who fit a particular profile, one that is usually in line with the mission and ideology of the sponsor organization. Those qualifications can be based on academic achievement, financial need, ethnic background, career goals, or countless other factors.
The scholarship and its eligibility requirements are advertised by the sponsor organization. Any student who qualifies is encouraged to apply. Once the application period is closed, a team of judges reviews each candidate and picks a winner.
How the award money is distributed depends on the scholarship sponsor. Typically, the money is sent directly to the college on the winner’s behalf. From there, it is applied to any tuition or fees that the student owes. If the money isn’t sent directly to the school, it will most likely be sent directly to the winner in the form of a check.
How do you find a scholarship?
Over $50 billion in scholarships were awarded to students last year. With a number that large, it would seem that an opportunity wouldn’t be hard to find, but the opposite is true. Because there are so many scholarships spread across a wide variety of eligibility requirements, searching through all of them is the hardest step in the process.
Most students face the same common problems:

No single source for scholarship listings: Thousands of organizations sponsor scholarships every year and each advertises through their different channels. A basic internet search takes too long and leaves a majority of opportunities undiscovered.
Missed deadlines: By the time many students find their ideal opportunities, the deadlines have either already passed or are too close to complete all of the application requirements in time.
Incomplete information: When third-parties advertise a scholarship outside of the sponsor’s website, many do so with incomplete details. Students who apply based solely on third-party information might be unaware of key eligibility requirements that disqualify them from the competition.
Scholarship scams: The internet is filled with fake scholarship opportunities that most often include scholarships with application or redemption fees (and awards that never materialize), paid “guaranteed scholarship” search services, and identity theft scams.

A quality scholarship search platform is the best solution to all of these problems. These dedicated websites and mobile apps compile large databases of active scholarships from thousands of organizations and put them in one place for students to browse. They most often include dozens of filters that allow you search only for awards that match your unique qualifications, such as scholarships by ethnicity, major, test scores, and extracurricular activity.
The best platforms constantly update their databases, the benefit of which is two-fold. First, they are always adding new opportunities. Second, their information on existing scholarships is always up-to-date, meaning you’ll never find the perfect match only to discover later that the award doesn’t exist anymore or the eligibility requirements have changed. They also allow you to save scholarships to a favorites list, send you reminders when deadlines are approaching, and do a good job of filtering out scams.










4. How do scholarship search platforms work?
Each scholarship search platform begins with a large database of scholarship opportunities, complete with details and links to the sponsor’s application page. From there, they typically allow students to search the database in one of two ways:
Search by category
Each scholarship is tagged with its key eligibility requirements and sorted into appropriate sub-directories. You can then browse the different categories to see all of the scholarships of that type. Some allow you to select multiple categories at once to compile your own list. 
Personalized matches based on a profile
Before beginning your search, you’re required to register for the site. As you do, you create a profile that includes all of your relevant personal and academic details, such as age, gender, race, desired major, GPA, test scores, extracurricular activities, organizational affiliations, etc.
Once you complete your registration, the platform presents a list of scholarships that you qualify for based on the information entered in your profile. The list is updated every time you log onto the site, and some will send email or text alerts if they find a new match while you are away.
Common Features
Whether they have scholarships grouped by category or personalized matches (some have both), most search platforms share these key features:

Search by keyword: A simple search bar allows you to search within the separate categories or your personalized matches. This is especially useful if you’re trying to find information on a specific scholarship for which you already know the name or sponsor.
Search filters: You can request to see only scholarships you qualify for by selecting category filters or entering them into your profile information. The type and number of filters varies by platform. Some have a few, while others have thousands. The most common ones are:

Hide unwanted results: If you decide not to pursue a particular scholarship, you can add it to a block list so that it won’t appear in your future searches.

Save scholarships: If you see an opportunity you’re interested in, but want to continue your search, you can add it to a favorites list so you can come back to it when you’re ready.
Track applications: Once you save a scholarship to your favorites list, you can then tag it with your application status: will apply, applied, didn’t win, won, etc.
Deadline alerts: Many platforms will also send you deadline alerts for the applications you saved but haven’t applied to yet.

Drawbacks
While they are extremely beneficial, no search platform is perfect. There are some potential drawbacks to keep in mind:

Some sites limit your search results with additional filters rather than increasing them
Most sites show you an additional, full category of results for every new filter you apply, but a minority of them string those filters together into one large qualification. The former site could show you hundreds of results, while the latter might make it seem as if you don’t qualify for any scholarships at all.
For example, if you are a Hispanic student, interested in studying biology, and you play the violin, the first site would show you scholarships for Hispanics, scholarships for biology majors, and scholarships for violinists. The second site would only show you scholarships for Hispanic violinists studying biology. Few scholarships are that specific, so you’re likely to return zero results.
It’s important to understand how the filters function on whichever platform you choose and adjust your search accordingly.
Some sites don’t update their databases regularly enough
New scholarships are made available every day, while others expire just as often. Not every site updates their database quick enough to keep up with that pace. If you use a site with an outdated database, you could get search results for inactive scholarships, or for awards whose eligibility requirements have changed.
Many sites include sponsored ads and scholarships with your search results
Often (but not always) the sponsored ads are not traditional scholarships at all, but rather scholarship challenges or lotteries. They involve registration and participation on outside sites for what amounts to little reward money. 
Other times, they’re for scholarships for which you don’t qualify. Under normal circumstances, they would be filtered from your results, but because they’re sponsored, they’re included. Some sites do a good job highlighting sponsored results, but it can still be easy to confuse them for the real opportunities.
No single site has information on every scholarship
It’s impossible for any platform to keep up with every award available. Always perform diligent research outside of whichever search platform you choose to make sure you don’t miss out on any opportunities.











5. What should students know before they search for a scholarship?











6. How we reviewed the best scholarship search platforms
To determine the best scholarship search platforms, we first compiled a master list of the most popular sites. We established that list by conducting basic internet searches, studying existing rankings, reading hundreds of student reviews, and following the recommendations of several state departments of education and college admissions offices. 
That gave us a starting list of 28 platforms:






1.
Big Future (College Board)


2.
Start Class


3.
Fastweb


4.
ScholarshipPortal


5.
Scholarships.com


6.
Student Scholarship Search


7.
Scholarship Owl


8.
College Toolkit


9.
Unigo


10.
Niche


11.
Scholly


12.
Broke Scholar


13.
Cappex


14.
Career One Stop


15.
Chegg


16.
CollegeData


17.
GoodCall


18.
Peterson’s


19.
Sallie Mae


20.
U.S. DOE Office of Federal Student Aid


21.
FinAid.org


22.
ScholarshipPoints


23.
Scholarship Monkey


24.
CollegeNET


25.
Art Deadlines List


26.
Military.com Scholarship Finder


27.
American Society of Mechanical Engineers Scholarship Finder


28.
National Action Council for Minorities in Engineering







We used those same student reviews and DOE recommendations to establish the following minimum criteria for each platform in our final review: 

Must not be a scholarship challenge/lottery site
Must have a unique, searchable database of outside scholarships
Must include results for more than a single demographic (i.e. scholarships exclusively for electrical engineers, military personnel, or employees of a specific company)
Must be regularly updated with new opportunities
Must make an effort to filter/remove inactive scholarships
Must not charge for otherwise free financial aid services (pay to apply for a scholarship, pay to file FAFSA, etc.)

Applying that minimum criteria eliminated 11 sites:

American Society of Mechanical Engineers Scholarship Finder: Only includes results for a single demographic.
Art Deadlines List: Not searchable and only includes results for a single demographic.
CollegeNET: Not a database, it’s a scholarship challenge.
College Toolkit: Duplicate database to Student Scholarship Search.
FinAid.org: Not a unique database; uses a FastWeb widget.
Military.com Scholarship Finder: Only includes results for a single demographic.
National Action Council for Minorities in Engineering Scholarship Finder: Only includes results for a single demographic.
Scholarship Monkey: Broken database; could not create a profile.
Scholarship Owl: Charges for free financial aid services.
ScholarshipPoints: Not a database, it’s a scholarship lottery.
U.S. DOE Office of Federal Student Aid: Not a unique database, it links out to other resources.

This left us with 17 sites to review in detail.
Next, we determined the most important qualities of a great scholarship search platform based on praises (or complaints) from student reviews and discussions in college planning forums, recommendations from college admissions professionals, and trends found in our initial research of the most popular sites. 
They are:

These five qualities became the core metrics of our ranking system.
Lastly, we divided each core metric into 33 smaller sub-metrics and graded each one on a scale from 1-10 to calculate the core metric score. Each core metric score was then weighed by importance to arrive at a search platform’s overall score.
Here is a breakdown:


Search Functionality (30%):
Searchable by:

Keyword/Scholarship type
Location (home state + college state)
GPA
Test scores
Major
Profession/industry
Gender
Ethnicity
Religious affiliation
Organizational affiliation
Military affiliation
Disabilities
Sports
Extra-curricular activities
Special attributes



Scholarship Availability (25%):

Average total scholarship results
Average total scholarship value
Are there prospective undergraduate scholarships
Are there current undergraduate scholarships
Are there graduate scholarships



Ease of Use (20%):

Is there a registration requirement
Does it have a searchable database
Are there personalized matches based on profile
What fees are there
Is it mobile-friendly
Privacy (is your personal information given to colleges and partner companies?)



Tools (15%):

Ability to hide unwanted search results
Ability to save scholarships to watch lists
Ability to track applications
Ability to receive alerts for upcoming due dates
Ability to to receive new scholarship notifications



Additional Resources (10%):

Any additional educational material for students
Any additional planning tools



(For complete scoring details, see the section Full methodology and metric walkthrough)
Drawbacks to our reviewing process
The top feature most students look for in a scholarship search platform is which site has the highest total number of listings. Unfortunately, it’s impossible for us to get an accurate count of every database. Many sites don’t make that information available, and those that do often give inflated or inaccurate numbers (their total counts often include expired and inactive scholarships, as well as single scholarships tagged in multiple categories). 
Because of that, there’s no way for us to honestly grade any platform based on which has the “most” scholarships available. Instead, we chose to grade the average search results of each site based on common student demographics, which is an average number of results the typical student can expect. It’s not an ideal measure, but it’s the most objective.
To determine the average search results, we created 25 profiles representing the “average student” based on data from the U.S. Department of Education, the U.S. Census Bureau, and the College Board. We made five profiles for each one of five race categories, with each profile seeking one of the five current most popular degree majors. Our prospective students had a GPA and test scores equal to the national average for all incoming college freshman. 
The races were:

Caucasian
African American
Hispanic
Asian
Native American

The degrees were:

Business Administration
Nursing
Psychology
Biology
Teaching

We searched every scholarship site using each profile, recorded the number of scholarship results, and then averaged them. This gave us the best idea of what the typical student can expect to find when using each platform.










7. Guide to applying for scholarships
The Basics of Scholarships
Financial Aid Terms and Definitions
Before you start to apply for any scholarships, you should familiarize yourself with some basic terms and definitions. The following list isn’t exhaustive, but it includes the terms you’re most likely to come across during your search.



Award letter
The financial aid award letter details all of the various forms of aid you’re eligible to receive through your prospective school, including grants, scholarships, and loans. It’s only a statement of all the aid that you qualify for. You’re under no obligation to accept any of it.
Cost of Attendance (COA)The cost of attendance is the total price for one year of college after all tuition, fees, and required personal expenses are calculated.Expected Family Contribution (EFC)Your EFC is the amount of money the government expects your family to contribute to your tuition. They determine that amount contribution based on your parent’s financial information that must be submitted as a part of the FAFSA.FAFSA (Free Application for Federal Student Aid)The FAFSA is the form used to apply for federal financial aid. The information you provide on it determines your Expected Family Contribution.Federal student aidFederal student aid consists of federal student loans, grants, and work studies that are awarded by the government based on financial need.Financial Aid PackageYour financial aid package is the combination of all forms of aid, from all sources, that you are eligible to receive. Your aid package is detailed in the award letter sent to you by your prospective school.GrantsGrants are a form of tuition assistance typically awarded by federal and state governments based on financial need and demographic requirements. Unlike federal loans, they don’t need to be repaid.Student LoansStudent loans are tuition money that must be paid back to the lender over time with interest.Net PriceNet price is the true cost of college after all gift aid and educational tax benefits are deducted. It’s what’s left for you to pay out of pocket once all of your grants and scholarships are applied.Room and boardRoom and board is the cost to live on campus. Living on campus will increase your overall cost of attendance.ScholarshipsLike grants, scholarships are a form of financial aid that doesn’t need to be repaid. Unlike grants, they are most often merit-based (academic achievement, volunteer work, etc.).Student Aid Report (SAR)The SAR is the notice sent to you after completing the FAFSA. Unlike an award letter, it doesn’t list the aid you’re eligible for. It is simply a copy of your processed FAFSA that now includes your official EFC.TuitionTuition is the money charged for class instruction only. It’s either charged on a per-credit basis, or a flat fee. It doesn’t include room and board, textbooks, supplies, or other fees. Tuition reimbursementTuition reimbursement (or tuition assistance) is when a company refunds some or all of the cost of tuition for employees studying in a work-related area.Work-studyA work study (or work award) is a form of federal financial aid in which students are given tuition funds in exchange for part-time employment.



Scholarships versus Grants
Grants are similar to scholarships in that they are gift money for college that doesn’t need to be repaid. The main difference between the two is that the grants are sponsored by the government rather than private organizations.
There are currently four types of federal grants available:



Federal Pell GrantsAwarded to undergraduate students who have not earned a bachelor's or professional degree. The maximum award is $5,775 and is based on:


financial need
tuition cost
enrollment status
length of attendance


Note: You cannot receive Pell Grants from more than one school at a time, or for more than 12 semesters.
Federal Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grants (FSEOG)Campus-based grant administered by the financial aid office. Not all schools participate. Award amounts range from $100 to $4,000 a year, based on financial need and availability of funds.Teacher Education Assistance for College and Higher Education GrantsProvides up to $4,000 a year to completing coursework for a teaching degree. The program requires that specific teaching-related courses be taken. You must also agree to teach:



in a high-need field 
at a school that serves students from low-income families 
for at least four complete academic years within eight years after graduation



If the requirements aren’t met, the grant turns into a loan and must be repaid with interest.Iraq and Afghanistan Service GrantsRewarded to students whose parent or guardian was a member of the U.S. armed forces and died as a result of military service performed in Iraq or Afghanistan after the events of 9/11 and who:



are not eligible for a Federal Pell Grant on the basis of your Expected Family Contribution but meet the remaining Federal Pell Grant eligibility requirements
were under 24 years old or enrolled in college at least part-time at the time of the death.



The award amount is equal to the amount of a maximum Federal Pell Grant.



Your search for college funding should include grants as well as scholarships, especially considering that there are no extra steps involved to find them. Grant eligibility is determined based on the information you provide in the FAFSA.
If you weren’t planning on filling out a Free Application for Federal Student Aid, you should. There are enough different programs and opportunities available that everyone could potentially qualify for some form of assistance. There are also a number of state-level and school-sponsored programs that rely on the FAFSA for qualification.
You can find all of the information you need at the official FAFSA website.
Types of Scholarships
There are two main types of scholarships:
School-sponsored: School sponsored scholarships are affiliated with a specific institution. They can either be funded by the school or an outside organization, but they are only available to students attending that particular college. Information and applications can typically be obtained through the school’s financial aid office.
External: External scholarships are sponsored by outside donors, businesses, organizations, foundations, etc. They’re not affiliated with a specific institution and can be used at any school of the recipient’s choosing.
From there, scholarships fall into a few broad categories:

Need-based: These scholarships are awarded based on demonstrated financial need. Many need-based scholarships are school-sponsored and funded directly by the college. Their eligibility and awards are based on the financial information submitted to them through the FAFSA.
Merit-based: Rather than taking into account financial need, these scholarships are awarded based on individual achievement: academic, artistic, philanthropic, etc.

Demographic: A large number of scholarships are set up for students that fit a specific demographic such as race, sex, age, religion, sexual orientation, or residents a specific geographical region.

Major/Career: Many colleges and organizations sponsor scholarships for students who major in a specific subject area or who are training for a specific career.

Athletic: These scholarships are awarded to students based on their performance in a particular sport. There are external organizations that award athletic scholarships, but the majority are sponsored by the school itself.

When to start
Every scholarship has a different application deadline. Some can be as early as a year before you graduate high school. You should start your search no later than the beginning of your junior year and start sending out applications during the summer before senior year.
If possible, start even earlier. Many scholarships are offered year after year. Even if you can’t apply for one until your junior year, knowing all of the details and requirements in your sophomore year will give you more time to make sure you meet all of the qualifications by the time you’re eligible.
Finding a Scholarship
Create a list of your qualifications
First, write down all your personal accomplishments, academic achievements, awards, extracurricular activities, and group affiliations. Next, list out your ethnicity, gender, geographical location, talents or passions, military service, your desired major/career, and anything you can think of that defines you and makes you unique in some way.
Each item on your list can be used as a filter on a scholarship search platform. The more categories you fit into, the more opportunities you’ll find.
Use a scholarship search platform
With so many scholarships offered by so many different organizations, a basic internet search would never uncover them all. A dedicated scholarship search platform will give you much better results and save a lot of time. 
The best platforms have large, continually updated databases with plenty of academic, demographic, and geographic filters to help you find every opportunity for which you qualify. To find the right search platform for you, refer back to our complete ranking of the Best Scholarship Search Platforms of 2017. 
Explore all potential sources
In addition to internet scholarship searches, think about smaller, local sources to which you already have a personal connection. If any of them offer scholarships, not only are you uniquely qualified through your association with them but they might also have a much smaller candidate pool, which increases your chances of winning.
Some examples of potential scholarship sources are:

Work: If you currently have a job, your company may offer career scholarships or tuition reimbursement for work-related degrees. If you don’t work, inquire with a parent’s employer.
School networks: Your local school district may have scholarship opportunities available in a variety of academic categories. If not the schools themselves, then perhaps organizations associated with them. For example, if you’re a member of the school’s AV club, a larger regional AV association may offer scholarships for technical degree seekers. Also, if you’re planning on attending the same college as a parent, check with alumni organizations for any potential funding opportunities.
Community organizations: Veterans associations, social clubs, recreational sports leagues and more have been known to sponsor scholarships for students in their communities.
Religious groups: Many churches and independent religious organizations sponsor scholarships for members.
Campus organizations: Students already attending a college should research any opportunities with various campus organizations such as fraternities, sororities, academic groups, social clubs, and religious societies. 

Write query letters
A query letter is a simple request for a scholarship application, complete guidelines, and a list of relevant deadlines. Dedicated scholarship webpages and online applications have eliminated much of the need for traditional queries, but you should be prepared to write some just in case.
Come up with a single template in which you can substitute specific information so you can send the same letter out to multiple sponsors and save some time.
Search constantly
To make sure you don’t miss out on any opportunities, you should plan on searching and sending out multiple waves of applications, not just one batch.
This is true even after you’ve started college. There are plenty of scholarships available for current undergraduates as well as graduate students.
Be aware of scams
The most common scholarship scams are ones that charge for information or services that are otherwise freely available. The key to avoiding all of them is to never pay for commercial financial aid services (such as paying a company to fill out your FAFSA for you) or for scholarship searches.
The U.S. Department of Education also warns against any scholarships that charge an application fee. If you come across one in your search, it’s most likely a scammer charging you to apply for an existing scholarship on your behalf.
If you ever have any questions about scholarships in general, or the validity of any opportunity you find, your safest, most reliable sources for scholarship information are:

Your library’s reference section
Your college financial aid office
Your State Department of Education

Use this government resource to locate your state’s DOE agencies
Applying for a Scholarship
Gather any required paperwork

A majority of scholarships involve more than just submitting an application form. Most request that you include additional materials as well. If you fail to submit them as a part of your application, you’ll be disqualified from the competition.
Supporting documentation
The supporting documents required for a scholarship application help prove your eligibility for the award. Not all scholarships require every document, but the most commonly requested ones are:

High school transcript: This is a documented record of your entire high school career. It details your yearly academic performance, final grades, standardized test scores, and any honors or awards you earned. You’ll need a transcript for any scholarship with a GPA requirement.
Standardized test scores: Your test score report details your SAT or ACT results and is usually included as a part of your high school transcript. If not, it can be obtained separately from your high school or the school district’s administration office. Any scholarship with a minimum test score threshold will request a copy of this report.
Financial aid forms: Need-based scholarships request forms proving the student’s financial need. Students can often satisfy this requirement by submitting their FAFSA information via a copy of their Student Aid Report. If not, the sponsor will most likely have their own financial forms that need to be filled out.
Letters of recommendation: This is when someone writes a letter on your behalf recommending you as a person worthy of winning a particular scholarship. It should directly address your qualifications for the specific award instead of just a blanket recommendation. Letters should come from academic or professional sources (teachers, professors, employers, clergy, etc.), not family or friends.
Curriculum Vitae (CV): This is an educational resume. It should list all of your academic accomplishments, study experiences, volunteer work, hobbies, interests, and educational/career goals. A lot of this information is included as a part of a scholarship application, so you’re less likely to need to include a CV than you are other documents, but you should have one prepared just in case.
Essays: Judges often use personal essays to differentiate equally-qualified students and help make their decisions. Scholarship essays typically have a main prompt that asks you to discuss a certain topic or answer a specific question related to the mission of the sponsor organization. They vary in subject, length, and format, so you need to be prepared to write separate essays for each application instead of just one that you can submit multiple times.

Other potential requirements
Supporting documents and essays are the most typical application requirements, but depending on the type of scholarship and level of competition, it could also require one of the following:

Special Projects: Major/career-specific scholarships are known to ask applicants to submit projects based on their desired area of study. For example, students applying for scholarships in one of the arts could be required to submit relevant short films, songs, paintings, or photography portfolios.
Written exams: Though they are rare, some prestigious, high-value scholarships with heavy competition require applicants to take a written exam in addition to submitting their existing grades and test scores to help determine the winner.
Interviews: Like written exams, face-to-face interviews with a scholarship review board are rare, but there are awards that utilize them. During the interview, you will be asked basic questions about why you deserve the scholarship and how you plan to use it if you win. Your responses and overall demeanor impact the judge’s decision.

Verify your qualifications
A lot of scholarships have secondary qualifications beyond the primary one. For example, an academic scholarship might also have a demographic requirement. Take extra care to read through all of the qualifications to ensure that you’re truly eligible.
It’s also important to always be honest. It might be tempting for you to embellish your accomplishments on paper to make them meet a scholarship’s requirements. Ultimately, the judges will see through any deception and reject your application. Not only will you waste valuable time, you will most likely get yourself disqualified from any future opportunities with that sponsor. 
It’s always smarter to focus on the scholarships you are clearly eligible for than to lie or exaggerate to apply for one that you aren’t.
Organize and track your applications
Try to use a scholarship search platform that includes tools for tracking your applications. If the platform you decide on doesn’t have those tools, or if you feel more comfortable using your own system, here are our suggestions for staying organized:

Make a separate file folder (either physical or digital) for each scholarship and sort them by application deadline. 
Gather any required documents and keep a separate copy with each file. 
Create a single document that you can use to track of all your applications in one place. We recommend including the following information:

Scholarship name
Scholarship sponsor
Contact information
Scholarship website address (if applicable)
Application deadline
Award amount
Summary of specific criteria (GPA, test scores, volunteer hours, etc.)
A list of required documentation (transcripts, essays, etc.)
Date you applied
Current status (not yet applied, applied – pending, denied, awarded)
Total amount awarded (if any)


Keep a copy of every completed application and add it to your scholarship file.

Throughout the process, constantly update your files to ensure you don’t miss any deadlines, forget to include any required documents, apply for the same scholarship twice, or skip over an opportunity because you thought you already applied for it. 
Manage your deadlines
For every scholarship, you need to give yourself plenty of time to gather all of the needed documents and complete any essays or projects. You should start working on those requirements as soon as possible to ensure that you meet all of your deadlines.
This is especially true of recommendation letters. With them, you’re dependent on someone else to complete a key requirement, someone who may not operate on your schedule. You need enough time to request a letter, allow the person to write it, get it back, and submit it with your application.
Double-check and proofread everything
Typos look unprofessional and can easily cost you a scholarship. With so many students competing for the same award, grammar errors in an application or essay are an easy way for judges to disqualify you and narrow the field.
You also don’t want to look over an application after you’ve submitted it and realize you forgot to list an accomplishment, such as an academic award, that could have given you an advantage in the competition.
Have a trusted friend or family member review your work before you submit it, no matter how many times you’ve checked over it yourself.
Essay, Interview, and Recommendation Letter Tips
Essay Tips
Essays are the most common application requirement, but they are also the most varied. Some have specific prompts and questions they want answered, while others leave the topic up to you. They also have different formats and lengths.
Here are some standard guidelines you’ll want to keep in mind:

If an essay doesn’t have a prompt, we have some suggestions for topics:

Personal achievements: An essay is one of your best opportunities to sell yourself to a scholarship judge. Your application already listed your personal achievements, but now you have a chance to elaborate on them. You’ll especially want to include any community service or volunteer work.
Academic plans: Describe your educational goals. Tell the sponsor exactly what you plan on doing with the scholarship should you win it. Give them an idea of the impact their money will have on the world if they invest it in you.
Social issues/current events: Discussing social issues and current events in an essay is a great way to illustrate your intelligence, character, and personality all at once. Just be sure to tailor the subject to the scholarship. Give your opinion or insight on an issue related to the mission of the sponsor.
Mentors and influences: Give the judges an idea of who you are by describing mentors and role models. Describe learning experiences and specific instances where their example influenced your life. If possible, choose an influence from your academic major or intended career, or choose someone in the same field as the scholarship sponsor.

Interview tips
Your first step in preparing for an interview should be thoroughly researching the sponsor organization. You need to have a solid understanding of their history and ideology so you’re prepared to discuss how you fit into their mission. 
There’s no way to know what questions the interviewer will ask, but you should prepare answers for some of the most common ones, including: 

Tell us about yourself.
Why did you apply for this scholarship?
Why do you think you’re the best candidate for this scholarship?
What makes you stand out from other candidates?
What is the most important thing you’ve learned in high school?
What are your greatest strengths?
What are your weaknesses?
Tell us about a time when you displayed leadership qualities.
How do you contribute to your community?
Tell us about a specific event that greatly influenced you.
What are your academic goals?
What are your career goals?
Where do you see yourself in five years?
How do you spend your free time?
What is a skill or experience you hope to leave college with?
What personal achievements are you most proud of?
What’s one of the biggest mistakes you’ve made and what did you learn from it?
Tell us about a person that has influenced your life and how.
Talk about a significant challenge you have encountered.
If you could do high school over again, what would you do differently?

The interviewer may also ask you to elaborate on details from your application, ask questions about your recommendation letter and its author, or ask you to discuss current events. 
Take care to answer every question thoroughly and remember to be as specific about yourself as possible and relate your answers to the sponsor’s mission where applicable. 
Once you’ve prepared all of your answers, you just need to remember some basic interview tips:

Dress professionally. First impressions count for a lot in an interview. Do your best to look like someone worth investing money in.
Be honest. If you’re in an interview, you’ve already proven your qualifications and are in serious contention for the award. There is no need to lie at this point.
Study your application. The interviewer will have a copy of your application and supporting documentation. It’s important to remember everything you originally wrote so you don’t contradict yourself.
Be yourself. The interview is your chance to show the scholarship sponsor that you’re more than a GPA and a list of accomplishments. Be respectful, but also relaxed. Your unique personality is what is going to set you apart from other candidates. 
Be grateful. Make sure you convey your appreciation for the opportunity the sponsor has provided and your excitement at the possibility of winning. Follow up with an email (or letter) the day after the interview to reiterate your gratitude.

Recommendation letter tips
The first step is decided who to ask for a recommendation. Here are the most important things to keep in mind:

Don’t ask family or friends: Your family and friends have no credibility when it comes to official recommendations. Your letters need to come from objective, professional sources.
Choose someone who knows you well: Ask for a letter from someone who is familiar with your work and achievements, as well as someone who understands your educational goals and the goals of the scholarship sponsor.
Know your audience: It’s important to tailor your letters to the scholarship. For example, if the scholarship is sponsored by a religious organization, you should consider asking a trusted clergy member for a letter rather than your football coach.
Make a list of potential writers: Group everyone on your list by their area of expertise so you have a pool of writers to approach as each unique scholarship opportunity arises.

Once you’ve compiled a list of writers, you need to solicit them for the letters. To make the easier for them, and to ensure that you get the letter you need, follow these tips:

Give them plenty of time: The timeframe needs to be large enough that they can complete the letter without inconveniencing their schedule. You also need to give yourself extra time between your request and the application deadline just in case the letter isn’t completed in that window.
Make a formal request: Where possible, arrange a meeting where you can ask for a recommendation letter in person.
Be prepared for rejection and have a backup plan: Some people don’t feel comfortable writing recommendation letters for a variety of reasons. If your first choice denies your request, ask if there is someone else they could recommend. If not, have a second choice lined up from your list.
Give your writer all the information they’ll need:
Make sure they have:

Your complete contact information
Any forms they needs to fill out as a part of the recommendation
The sponsor, title, and description of the scholarship
The contact information and address of the recipient
Scholarship deadline information
A copy of your completed scholarship application for reference
A full list of your academic achievements and a transcript
Your resume or CV
A brief letter of your own reminding the writer of your past work together (If a teacher: a description of outstanding coursework in their class, a past essay, etc.)













8. Groups with additional scholarship opportunities
Minorities
In an effort to increase diversity on college campuses, millions of dollars in minority scholarships are established by various organizations every year. They were the largest category of scholarships in our research. The search platforms we reviewed had over 600 separate filters for race and ethnicity. 
There’s a good chance that you can find a scholarship that you qualify for based on your heritage alone, but adding a minority status to your other qualifications increases your chances even more. Specifying a minority race in our searches resulted in an additional 5-10 scholarships for every area of study.
Students with disabilities
The Americans with Disabilities Act makes mandates that colleges be physically accessible to students with disabilities, but economic disadvantages can keep higher education financially inaccessible for some. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics and the National Disability Institute, people with disabilities have higher unemployment, lower income, and higher living expenses than those without, which makes paying for college more difficult than usual.
Fortunately, there are a large number of scholarships set up to counteract that problem. Disability scholarships were the second largest category in our review. We found nearly 400 different filters for disabilities of all kinds. In addition to general scholarships for students with disabilities, adding one of those filters to our searches also resulted in 2-10 more scholarships per area of study. 
Veterans
Aside from the federal programs established for military members like the G.I. Bill and various grants, there are also a large amount of private scholarship opportunities set up exclusively for veterans. 
Veteran scholarships were the third largest category in our review with over 300 separate filters. In addition to general military service scholarships, there are awards for every branch of service and for a large number of different conflicts such as those for Korean, Vietnam, Iraq, and Afghanistan War veterans.
Veteran scholarships are also one of the few categories where family members are just as likely to qualify as the veterans themselves. If you are the child of a veteran or active duty service member, be sure to specify that in your profile as it could open you up to a lot of opportunities that you would otherwise miss.
Women
You’ll notice that one of the first things a scholarship search profile asks for is your gender. The reason is that there are a large number of scholarships set up exclusively for women. Not only are there scholarships where being a woman is the only major qualification, adding a female filter to our searches also resulted in 2-10 more results per category.
There were a particularly large number of scholarships offered for women seeking to enter traditionally male-dominated fields such as science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. If you’re interested in a STEM career, be sure to research those opportunities.










9. Full methodology and metric walkthrough
How we selected the platforms in our review
We conducted our own research, reviewed existing rankings, and followed the recommendations of college admissions professionals to compile an initial list of the 28 most popular scholarship search platforms. 
We then applied the following minimum criteria to narrow down that list for our final review: 

Must not be a scholarship lottery site
Must have a unique, searchable database of outside scholarships
Must include results for more than a single demographic
Must be regularly updated with new opportunities
Must make an effort to remove inactive scholarships
Must not charge for otherwise free financial aid services

This gave us a final list of 17 scholarship sites.
How we scored our methodology
Based on our research, we determined the five most important aspects of any search platform, which became our core metrics. We then established key features that we organized as sub-metrics under the appropriate core categories.
After grouping the sub-metrics into their core metrics, we assigned each a score of 1-10 for every search platform reviewed. The final core metric score was averaged from the sub-metric totals.
For example, our #1 overall platform, Fastweb, ranked #3 in Scholarship Availability with a score of 8.9. That core metric is made up of five sub-metrics.
Here’s how Fastweb scored for each:

Once all of the core metrics were scored, we applied percentile weights based on importance, took their average, and calculated their final ranking.
Highest Scoring Scholarship Search Platforms



RankPlatformOverall Score1Fastweb9.3/102Cappex8.1/103Unigo7.8/104Student Scholarship Search7.1/105Scholarships.com7.1/106Scholly7.0/107Sallie Mae6.9/108 (tie)Big Future6.2/108 (tie)GoodCall6.2/1010CollegeData5.7/1011Chegg5.5/1012Start Class5.2/1013Peterson's5.1/1014Broke Scholar4.6/1015Niche4.5/1016Career One Stop4.2/1017ScholarshipPortal3.6/10




Understanding our core metrics
Core Metric 1: Search Functionality (30%)
Search filters are the main thing that separate a scholarship search platform from a basic internet search. You could use any search engine to find scholarships, but it would be up to you to work through the thousands of results to find the opportunities for which you’re eligible. Search filters save you time by narrowing those results to only the scholarships most relevant to you.
We evaluated each site based on their inclusion of the most relevant, popular, and lucrative categories. The more search options available to you, the more likely you are to find a scholarship that matches your exact qualifications. Therefore, this is our most important metric.
Sub-metrics:
Searchable by:

Keyword
Location (home state + college state)
GPA
Test scores 
Major
Profession/Industry
Gender
Ethnicity
Religious affiliation
Organizational affiliation
Military affiliation
Disabilities
Sports
Extra-curricular activities
Special attributes

Grading some features was a simple matter of finding whether or not the platform included them at all. In those cases, we assigned a score of 10 for “yes” and 1 for “no.” For the rest, we counted the total number of filters in each category and graded the platforms against each other. We ranked each platform from most filters to least, then assigned a score of 1-10.
Highest scoring scholarship search platforms in Search Functionality 








Rank


#1


#1 (tie)


#3


#4


#5


#6 (tie)


#6 (tie)


#8


#9


#10


#11


#12


#13


#14


#15


#16


#17




Platform


Start Class


Unigo


Fastweb


Sallie Mae


Student Scholarship Search


Cappex


Scholarships.com


Chegg


Scholly


Big Future


Niche


CollegeData


Career One Stop


Peterson’s


GoodCall


Broke Scholar


ScholarshipPortal






Total Score


8.8/10


8.8/10


8.3/10


8.0/10


7.8/10


6.7/10


6.7/10


5.8/10


5.5/10


5.1/10


4.6/10


4.1/10


3.5/10


3.3/10


2.8/10


1.7/10


1.6/10




Search by Keyword


1/10


10/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


10/10


1/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


1/10


1/10




Search by Location


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


10/10




Filter by GPA


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10




Filter by Test Scores


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


10/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10




Filter by Gender


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


10/10


10/10


1/10




Number of filters: Race/Ethnicity


8.2/10


10/10


9.3/10


7.6/10


7.1/10


7.1/10


8.7/10


4.9/10


4.3/10


5.4/10


3.8/10


6.0/10


2.7/10


2.1/10


3.2/10


2.1/10


1.0/10




Number of filters: Major/Study Area


8.2/10


10/10


9.3/10


7.6/10


7.1/10


7.1/10


8.7/10


4.9/10


4.3/10


5.4/10


3.8/10


6.0/10


2.7/10


2.1/10


3.2/10


2.1/10


1.0/10




Number of filters: Profession/Industry


8.7/10


10/10


9.3/10


7.6/10


8.2/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10




Number of filters: Military Affiliation


10/10


5.4/10


8.2/10


9.3/10


8.7/10


1/10


5.4/10


6/10


7.1/10


7.6/10


1/10


1/10


5.4/10


6.5/10


1/10


1/10


1/10




Number of filters: Religious Affiliation


6.5/10


8.7/10


7.1/10


8.2/10


8.2/10


5.4/10


6/10


10/10


3.2/10


4.3/10


10/10


4.3/10


2.7/10


4.9/10


1/10


1/10


1/10




Number of filters: Organizational Affiliation


7.6/10


10/10


8.2/10


7.1/10


6.5/10


9.3/10


5.4/10


6/10


4.9/10


8.7/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10




Number of filters: Disabilities


10/10


7/10


8.7/10


7.1/10


7.6/10


9.3/10


8.7/10


5.4/10


6/10


4.9/10


1/10


1/10


3.8/10


4.3/10


1/10


1/10


1/10




Number of filters: Sports


10/10


9.3/10


8.7/10


8.2/10


7.1/10


6.5/10


6.5/10


7.6/10


5.4/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10




Number of filters: Extracurricular Activities


10/10


8.7/10


9.3/10


7.6/10


7.1/10


5.4/10


6.5/10


8.2/10


6/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10




Number of filters: Special Attributes


10/10


8.7/10


9.3/10


7.6/10


7.1/10


5.4/10


6.5/10


1/10


6/10


4.9/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10








Core Metric 2: Scholarship Availability (25%)
Any student searching for scholarship funds wants to find the most opportunities possible. Under normal circumstances, scholarship availability would probably be our top metric. Unfortunately, it’s impossible to get an accurate count of the number of awards in any database, so we couldn’t weigh this metric as the heaviest. That said, we do recognize its importance to students, so we made it our second metric and developed a system to objectively grade it.
We started by creating 25 profiles representing the “average student” based on data from the U.S. Department of Education, the U.S. Census Bureau, and the College Board. We made five profiles for each major race category: Caucasian, African American, Hispanic, Asian, and Native American. The profiles in each race each sought one of the five current most popular degrees: Business Administration, Nursing, Psychology, Biology, and Teaching. Our prospective students had a GPA and test scores equal to the national average for all incoming college freshman.
We used each profile to search every platform. We graded each on the average number of scholarships returned during those 25 searches, as well as their average total value. We also graded each platform on its relevance to students at all stages in their college careers since tuition doesn’t end after freshman year. The highest-ranking sites include scholarships for incoming freshmen, current undergraduates, and graduate students alike.
Sub-metrics we used:

Average scholarship results
Average scholarship total value
Prospective undergraduate scholarships
Current undergraduate scholarships
Graduate scholarships

To score the average results and total value, we graded the platforms against each other. We ranked them from highest to lowest, then assigned a score of 1-10. For the remaining sub-metrics, we checked whether or not scholarships were searchable for all grade levels and assigned a score of 10 for “yes” and 1 for “no.”
Highest scoring scholarship search platforms in Scholarship Availability 








Rank


#1


#1 (tie)


#3


#4


#4 (tie)


#6


#7


#8


#9


#10


#11


#12


#13


#13 (tie)


#15


#15 (tie)


#17




Platform


Cappex


Student Scholarship Search


Fastweb


Career One Stop


Scholarships.com


Unigo


Scholly


Chegg


Peterson’s


GoodCall


ScholarshipPortal


Sallie Mae


Niche


Start Class


Big Future


Broke Scholar


CollegeData






Total Score


9/10


9/10


8.9/10


8.6/10


8.6/10


8.5/10


8.4/10


8.2/10


8.1/10


7.7/10


7.5/10


7.2/10


6.8/10


6.8/10


6.4/10


6.4/10


5.4/10




Average Scholarship Results


8.7/10


7.6/10


6/10


8.2/10


3.8/10


4.9/10


6.5/10


7.1/10


3.2/10


4.3/10


6/10


2.7/10


1.6/10


2.1/10


10/10


1/10


9.3/10




Average Scholarship Total Value


6.5/10


8.2/10


8.7/10


4.9/10


9.3/10


7.6/10


5.4/10


3.8/10


7.1/10


4.3/10


1.6/10


3.2/10


2.7/10


2.1/10


10/10


1/10


6/10




Scholarships for Prospective Undergraduates


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10




Scholarships for Current Undergraduates


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


10/10


1/10




Scholarships for Graduates


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


10/10


1/10








Core Metric 3: Ease of Use (20%)
Ease of use is one of the most important aspects of any digital platform. If a site’s database is difficult to access or navigate, it doesn’t matter how extensive it is because students will have a hard time finding the scholarships they need. Therefore, this metric is our third most important. 
We graded each site based on whether it required registration before you could view any scholarships, had a searchable database rather than simple lists, and if it provided personalized results based on an academic profile. We also tried registering and searching on several mobile devices to determine if each platform was mobile-friendly (as is becoming necessary in an increasingly mobile society).
Sub-metrics we used:

Registration requirement
Searchable database
Personalized matches based on profile
Fees
Mobile-friendly
Privacy

When scoring, we favored sites that didn’t force registration, giving you the option to browse scholarships first so you can decide whether or not the site is worth your time. We assigned a score of 10 for “no” and 1 for “yes.” For privacy, we checked whether or not a site shared your personal information with outside companies or schools. If a site maintained your privacy, we assigned a score of 10. If not, we assigned a 1. If it only shared your information when you registered an optional profile, we assigned a score of 5. For the remaining sub-metrics, we assigned a score of 10 for “yes” and 1 for “no.”
Highest scoring scholarship search platforms in Ease of Use








Rank


#1


#1 (tie)


#1 (tie)


#4


#4 (tie)


#6


#6 (tie)


#6 (tie)


#6 (tie)


#6 (tie)


#11


#12


#12 (tie)


#12 (tie)


#12 (tie)


#16


#16 (tie)




Platform


Fastweb


Scholarships.com


Unigo


Cappex


Niche


Big Future


Broke Scholar


GoodCall


Start Class


Student Scholarship Search


Peterson’s


Career One Stop


CollegeData


Sallie Mae


ScholarshipPortal


Chegg


Scholly






Total Score


10/10


10/10


10/10


9.2/10


9.2/10


8.5/10


8.5/10


8.5/10


8.5/10


8.5/10


7.7/10


7.0/10


7.0/10


7.0/10


7.0/10


5.5/10


5.5/10




Registration Requirement


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


10/10


1/10


1/10




Searchable Database


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10




Personalized Profile Matches


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


10/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


10/10


1/10


10/10


10/10




Fees


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10




Mobile-friendly


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


10/10


1/10


1/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10




Privacy


10/10


10/10


10/10


5/10


5/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


5/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


10/10








Core Metric 4: Tools (15%)
Search functionality, scholarship availability, and ease of use are the three most important things to look for in a scholarship search platform. The top sites hit most of the sub-metrics in each of those categories. Where those top performers start to differentiate themselves is in their inclusion of additional helpful tools. 
Our fourth core metric moves beyond a platform’s ability to produce search results and grades them on what you can do once you have them. We looked for the ability to hide unwanted results, save favorite opportunities, and track applications, among other features.
Sub-metrics we used:

Hide unwanted search results
Save scholarships to watch lists
Track applications
Receive alerts for upcoming due dates
New scholarship notifications

To score each sub-metric, we researched whether or not a platform had the feature and assigned a score of 10 for “yes” and 1 for “no.”
Highest scoring scholarship search platforms in Tools








Rank


#1


#1 (tie)


#1 (tie)


#4


#4 (tie)


#6


#6 (tie)


#8


#8 (tie)


#8 (tie)


#11


#11 (tie)


#11 (tie)


#11 (tie)


#11 (tie)


#11 (tie)


#11 (tie)




Platform


Student Scholarship Search


Cappex


Fastweb


Career One Stop


Scholarships.com


Unigo


Scholly


Chegg


Peterson’s


GoodCall


ScholarshipPortal


Sallie Mae


Niche


Start Class


Big Future


Broke Scholar


CollegeData






Total Score


10/10


10/10


10/10


6.4/10


6.4/10


4.6/10


4.6/10


2.8/10


2.8/10


2.8/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


  1/10




Registration Requirement


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


10/10


1/10


1/10




Hide Unwanted Results


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10




Save to Watch list


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10




Track Applications


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


10/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10




Deadline Reminders


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10




New Match Notifications


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


10/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10








Core Metric 5: Additional Resources (10%)
A good scholarship search platform helps you ease the financial burden of college by helping you find funding opportunities. A great one can also help you ease the mental burden of searching and applying for them. With that in mind, we finished our review by grading each site based on their inclusion of additional resources that provide students with information and support. 
We looked for educational material, help and community forums, and planning tools such as college cost and loan repayment calculators. Sites that included them scored higher than those that didn’t.
Sub-metrics we used:

Educational material
Additional planning tools

To grade this metric, any platform with educational materials received a score of 10 and those without received a score of 1. Next, we counted the number of additional planning tools and graded the platforms against each other. We ranked them from highest to lowest and assigned a score of 1-10.
Highest scoring scholarship search platforms in Additional Resources








Rank


#1


#2


#3


#4


#5


#5 (tie)


#5 (tie)


#5 (tie)


#5 (tie)


#5 (tie)


#5 (tie)


#5 (tie)


#5 (tie)


#14


#14 (tie)


#14 (tie)


#14 (tie)




Platform


Big Future


Sallie Mae


CollegeData


Fastweb


Broke Scholar


Cappex


Chegg


GoodCall


Peterson’s


Scholarships.com


Scholly


Student Scholarship Search


Unigo


Career One Stop


Niche


ScholarshipPortal


Start Class






Total Score


10/10


9.6/10


9.4/10


9.1/10


5.5/10


5.5/10


5.5/10


5.5/10


5.5/10


5.5/10


5.5/10


5.5/10


5.5/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10




Educational Materials


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10




Additional Planning Tools


10/10


9.3/10


8.7/10


8.2/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10








 



Table of Contents


1. Introduction
2. The best scholarship search platforms of 2017
3. What should you know about scholarships?
4. How do scholarship search platforms work?
5. What students should know before they search for a scholarship?
6. Methodology: How we reviewed the best scholarship search platforms
7. Guide to applying for scholarships
8. Groups with additional scholarship opportunities
9. Full methodology and metric walkthrough










×









 




HOME - BLOCSBlocs













































































484-704-2300
555 Croton Rd. Suite 310 King of Prussia, PA 19406







 
 






 


 

 
 
 
 


HOME - BLOCS













Apply Now for BLOCS Scholarships for the 2017-2018 school year! 












20,825 Applicants
Number of applicants for 2015 / 2016 school Year
Impact










$16,300,000
Total award dollars given for 2015 / 2016 school year
Impact










11,800 Students
Total students who received scholarships for 2015 / 2016
Impact










$56,000,000
Qualified Need of all applicants for 2015 / 2016
Impact


Donor News


Apply now for BLOCS Scholarships
Donates $600,000 in EITC scholarships to Catholic Schools across the region.
The DCED is currently backlogged due to last year’s budget impasse, however they are expecting to be caught up soon. We have been told that all renewing applications will be approved after Labor Day and that new applications will then be processed. If that timeline stands, we expect approvals to arrive some time around the […]



Donor News


See pictures from the announcement HERE Article From Philly.com Philadelphia Archbishop Charles J. Chaput said Thursday that the Faith in the Future Foundation’s management of archdiocesan high schools has been so successful that both sides have agreed to an early contract extension. The announcement, which the archdiocese called a highlight of Catholic Schools Week, was […]
The Archdiocesan Schools for Special Education, whose students Pope Francis expressed such love and care for during his historic visit to Philadelphia, offered special experience with the “Philly FIAT” before Auto Show opens to the public. Philadelphia, PA (January 29, 2016) – The Archdiocese of Philadelphia, the World Meeting of Families – Philadelphia 2015 and […]











Our Mission
BLOCS provides tuition assistance to any family who desires a Catholic education regardless of race, religion or ability to pay.
Details










Donate Now
Make a tax deductible donation to support Catholic education in the Philadelphia region.
Details










Student Stories
Listen to Philadelphia students, in their own words, tell of the hardships they have overcome to succeed in their education.
Details






 



























