


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments













































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 

























Mutual Funds


Mutual funds are a practical, cost-efficient way to build a diversified portfolio of stocks, bonds, or short-term investments. With nearly 70 years in the business, Fidelity offers the tools and experience to help you build an investment strategy that matches your investing style.
Open an Account






Questions?


800-343-3548
800-343-3548

Chat with a representative


Find an Investor Center








Fidelity mutual funds










Why choose Fidelity funds?

There's a reason we're a world leader in mutual funds1—our rich history, global research, and diverse investment capabilities.




Explore our fund offering

Take advantage of our global network of analysts and one of the largest research departments in the industry.
Pricing, Distributions, and Shareholder Information
Year-End Fidelity Fund Distributions




Fidelity Fund Portfolios
                        
						                        
                                                       


						
							
Whether you want to pick your own funds or prefer the hands-off approach, we'll help you find a portfolio that makes the most sense for you.
Fidelity Fund Portfolios—Income
Fidelity Fund Portfolios—Diversified










 FEATURED INVESTING IDEA
Beating the benchmark

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Active management can help you respond quickly to market changes and maximize your return potential.
			                                            
			                                        
												






FEATURED SPOTLIGHT
Fidelity Simplicity RMD FundsSM

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Take the guesswork out of required minimum distributions (RMDs) for certain types of retirement accounts2 by pairing a professionally managed, age-appropriate asset allocation fund with our automated annual RMD withdrawal service.
			                                            
			                                        
												








All funds




Over 10,000 funds from Fidelity & other companies


Fidelity's FundsNetwork allows you to invest in mutual funds from hundreds of fund companies outside of Fidelity, including many available with no transaction fees.3 Explore your financial options by searching through our world class library of funds.



Explore all funds


Morningstar® highly rated funds
Fund Picks From Fidelity®











Featured Tool
Mutual Fund Evaluator4

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Search thousands of funds available through Fidelity. Easily filter and sort by performance criteria and fund characteristics.
			                                            
			                                        
												






FEATURED TRIAL
Guest Access

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Sign up for free Guest Access and experience the tools and resources only available to Fidelity customers.
			                                            
			                                        
												


















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.


Diversification and asset allocation do not ensure a profit or guarantee against loss.



Past performance is no guarantee of future results.



          1. Fidelity's goal is to make financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. With assets under administration of $6.2 trillion, including managed assets of $2.2 trillion as of May 31, 2017, we focus on meeting the unique needs of a diverse set of customers: helping more than 26 million people invest their own life savings, nearly 23,000 businesses manage employee benefit programs, as well as providing nearly 12,500 advisory firms with technology solutions to invest their own clients' money.
	
    

          2. RMDs do not apply to investments in Roth IRAs or taxable accounts.
	
    

          3.
	
	
	       Other fees and expenses, including those which apply to a continued investment in the fund, are described in the fund's current prospectus. Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC, or its affiliates, receives compensation in connection with (i) access to, purchase or redemption of, and/or maintenance of positions in mutual funds and other investment products ("funds"), (ii) infrastructure needed to support such funds as well as additional compensation for shareholder services, start-up fees, infrastructure support and maintenance, and other programs and/or (iii) a fund's attendance at events for FBS's clients and/or representatives, and opportunities for the fund to promote its products and services. This compensation may take the form of sales loads and 12b-1 fees described in the prospectus and/or additional compensation paid by the fund, its investment adviser or an affiliate. Fidelity reserves the right to change the funds available without transaction fees and reinstate the fees on any funds. Fidelity will charge a short term trading fee each time you sell or exchange shares of FundsNetwork No Transaction Fee (NTF) funds held less than 60 days (short-term trade).


          4. The Fund Evaluator is provided to help self-directed investors evaluate mutual funds based on their own needs and circumstances. The criteria entered is at the sole discretion of the user and any information obtained should not be considered an offer to buy or sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy, or a recommendation for any securities. You acknowledge that your requests for information are unsolicited and shall neither constitute, nor be considered as investment advice by Fidelity Brokerage Services, LLC., Fidelity Distributors Corporation, or their affiliates (collectively, "Fidelity").
	
    

          Please note: When comparing funds, please consider all important factors, including information pertaining to fund fees, fund features, and fund objectives. While funds may track an index, the indices and strategies employed in seeking to achieve an investment goal may be different. Each fund’s investment object and strategy and index tracked to achieve investment goals may differ. For new investors, funding investment minimums may be different.
	
    


727356.10.0











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









close





Retirement IRAs

Open a Rollover IRA






Open a Roth IRA










Open a Traditional IRA














Investing & Savings

Open a Brokerage Account






Open a Cash Management Account










Open Both Accounts

Open both a brokerage and cash management account to easily transfer and protect your funds.








See All Accounts


















 




Fidelity Funds - Mutual Funds from Fidelity Investments


















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+




Default text size A


Larger text size A


Largest text size A
 














Mutual Funds Overview
























Fidelity Mutual Funds


Invest with a world leader in mutual funds* and you put a global network of 400 analysts and one of the largest research departments in the industry to work for you.1 Our extensive resources allow Fidelity's fund managers to look deeply across different regions and sectors to find investment opportunities that others may miss.

Open an Account






Questions?


800-343-3548
800-343-3548

Chat with a representative


Find an Investor Center














Explore the full spectrum of available Fidelity Funds 
Fidelity Funds cover all asset classes of mutual funds, from domestic equity to specialized sectors, so you can find the mix of funds that helps you to achieve your strategic investment goals.









Domestic Equity




International Equity




Sectors




Fixed Income




Asset Allocation




Index




Money Market









Domestic Equity









Benefits of domestic equity funds


Exposure to successful, innovative, and profitable companies
May offer significant appreciation potential
A good foundation for almost any portfolio for risk-tolerant investors





Why Fidelity domestic equity funds

$755 billion in U.S. equity assets under management1
2,364 stocks covered by more than 200 equity research professionals1
A wide range of highly rated 4- and 5-star Morningstar rated funds2














Large Value


Fidelity® Blue Chip Value Fund (FBCVX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Value Enhanced Fund (FLVEX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector Large-Cap Value Fund (FSLVX)

Fidelity® Value Discovery Fund (FVDFX)
Small/Mid Value

Fidelity® Low-Priced Stock Fund (FLPSX)

Fidelity® Mid-Cap Value Fund (FSMVX)

Fidelity® Value Fund (FDVLX)

Fidelity® Value Strategies Fund (FSLSX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Value Fund (FCPVX)
Income-Oriented

Fidelity® Equity Dividend Income Fund (FEQTX)

Fidelity® Equity-Income Fund (FEQIX)

Fidelity® Growth & Income Portfolio Fund (FGRIX)

Fidelity® Dividend Growth Fund (FDGFX)






Large Blend


Fidelity® Disciplined Equity Fund (FDEQX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Core Enhanced Index Fund (FLCEX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Stock Fund (FLCSX)

Fidelity® Mega-Cap Stock Fund (FGRTX)
Small/Mid Blend

Fidelity® Mid-Cap Enhanced Index Fund (FMEIX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Enhanced Index Fund (FCPEX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Stock Fund (FSLCX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector Small-Cap Fund (FDSCX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Discovery Fund (FSCRX)
Go-Anywhere

Fidelity® Capital Appreciation Fund (FDCAX)

Fidelity® Contrafund® (FCNTX)

Fidelity® Independence Fund (FDFFX)

Fidelity® Magellan® Fund (FMAGX)

Fidelity® New Millennium Fund (FMILX)






Large Growth


Fidelity® Blue Chip Growth Fund (FBGRX)

Fidelity® Export & Multinational Fund (FEXPX)

Fidelity® Focused Stock Fund (FTQGX)

Fidelity® Fund (FFIDX)

Fidelity® Growth Discovery Fund (FDSVX)

Fidelity® Growth Company Fund (FDGRX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Growth Enhanced Index Fund (FLGEX)

Fidelity® OTC Portfolio (FOCPX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector All Cap Fund (FDSSX)

Fidelity® Trend Fund (FTRNX)
Small/Mid Growth

Fidelity® Growth Strategies Fund (FDEGX)

Fidelity® Mid-Cap Stock Fund (FMCSX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector Mid-Cap Fund (FSSMX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Growth Fund (FCPGX)

Diversifiers

Fidelity® Leveraged Company Stock Fund (FLVCX)

Fidelity® Event Driven Opportunities Fund (FARNX)






Research all Fidelity domestic equity funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






A three-step investing strategy


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       How to build an investment plan that you can stick with day in and day out to help meet your goals.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





September flows update


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Strong flows persisted for U.S. ETP funds in recent months, while international funds saw mixed results.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Hunting for tech innovation


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Companies shaping how we live and work tomorrow may be today's best stocks, says our expert.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





An oil recovery play


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       If oil prices recover, our fund manager says some chemical companies could benefit.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









International Equity









Benefits of international equity funds


More than half the world's companies reside outside the U.S.
Tap into the growth potential in other parts of the world.
Lower the volatility of your profile through diversification.






Why Fidelity international equity funds


50 years of international asset management experience
$200+ billion in international equity assets
25+ years of experience managing emerging market equities

Why Fidelity for international funds (PDF)











Core International
 Fidelity® International Enhanced Index Fund (FIENX)

Fidelity® International Capital Appreciation Fund (FIVFX)

Fidelity® Total International Equity Fund (FTIEX)

Fidelity® International Discovery Fund (FIGRX)

Fidelity® Diversified International Fund (FDIVX)

Fidelity® Overseas Fund (FOSFX)

Fidelity® International Growth Fund (FIGFX)

Fidelity® International Value Fund (FIVLX)

Fidelity® International Small Cap Fund (FISMX)

Fidelity® International Small Cap Opportunities Fund (FSCOX)






Regional & Single Country


Fidelity® China Region Fund (FHKCX)

Fidelity® Emerging Asia Fund (FSEAX)

Fidelity® Emerging Europe, Middle East, Africa Fund (FEMEX)

Fidelity® Europe Fund (FIEUX)

Fidelity® Latin America Fund (FLATX)

Fidelity® Nordic Fund (FNORX)

Fidelity® Pacific Basin Fund (FPBFX)

Fidelity® Canada Fund (FICDX)

Fidelity® Japan Fund (FJPNX)

Fidelity® Japan Smaller Companies Fund (FJSCX)






Global


Fidelity® Worldwide Fund (FWWFX)

Fidelity® Global Equity Income Fund (FGILX)
Emerging Markets

Fidelity® Emerging Markets Fund (FEMKX)

Fidelity® Emerging Markets Discovery Fund (FEDDX)

Fidelity® Total Emerging Markets Fund (FTEMX)






Research all Fidelity international equity funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Washington watch


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Four experts on post-election market moves and policies ahead.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Investing internationally


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Domestic stocks may not always outperform international.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





International myths


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Common misconceptions about international investments could be costly.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





International: U.S. may lead


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Consider foreign stocks with U.S. growth exposure—plus select opportunities in Brazil, India, and Europe.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Sectors









Benefits of sector funds


Tactical investment approaches, such as sector rotation strategies
More precise asset allocation
Greater diversification of your portfolio






Why Fidelity sector funds


44 actively managed sector funds
Latest sector research
400+ analysts

Why Invest in Sectors at Fidelity













Consumer Discretionary


Fidelity® Select Consumer Discretionary Portfolio (FSCPX)

Fidelity® Select Automotive Portfolio (FSAVX)

Fidelity® Select Leisure Portfolio (FDLSX)

Fidelity® Select Multimedia Portfolio (FBMPX)

Fidelity® Select Retailing Portfolio (FSRPX)

Fidelity® Select Construction & Housing Portfolio (FSHOX)
Consumer Staples

Fidelity® Select Consumer Staples Portfolio (FDFAX)
Energy

Fidelity® Select Energy Portfolio (FSENX)

Fidelity® Select Energy Service Portfolio (FSESX)

Fidelity® Select Natural Gas Portfolio (FSNGX)

Fidelity® Select Natural Resources Portfolio (FNARX)
Financials

Fidelity® Select Financial Services Portfolio (FIDSX)

Fidelity® Select Banking Portfolio (FSRBX)

Fidelity® Select Brokerage and Investment Management Portfolio (FSLBX)

Fidelity® Select Consumer Finance Portfolio (FSVLX)

Fidelity® Select Insurance Portfolio (FSPCX)




Health Care

Fidelity® Select Health Care Portfolio (FSPHX)

Fidelity® Select Biotechnology Portfolio (FBIOX)

Fidelity® Select Health Care Services Portfolio (FSHCX)

Fidelity® Select Medical Equipment and Systems Portfolio (FSMEX)

Fidelity® Select Pharmaceuticals Portfolio (FPHAX)
Industrials

Fidelity® Select Industrials Portfolio (FCYIX)

Fidelity® Select Air Transportation Portfolio (FSAIX)

Fidelity® Select Defense and Aerospace Portfolio (FSDAX)

Fidelity® Select Environment & Alternative Energy Portfolio (FSLEX)

Fidelity® Select Industrial Equipment Portfolio (FSCGX)

Fidelity® Select Transportation Portfolio (FSRFX)
Information Technology

Fidelity® Select Technology Portfolio (FSPTX)

Fidelity® Select Communications Equipment (FSDCX)

Fidelity® Select Computers Portfolio (FDCPX)

Fidelity® Select Semiconductors Portfolio (FSELX)

Fidelity® Select IT Services Portfolio (FBSOX)

Fidelity® Select Software and IT Services Portfolio (FSCSX)




Materials

Fidelity® Select Materials Portfolio (FSDPX)

Fidelity® Select Chemicals Portfolio (FSCHX)

Fidelity® Select Gold Portfolio (FSAGX)

Fidelity® Global Commodity Stock Fund (FFGCX)
Real Estate

Fidelity® Real Estate Investment Portfolio (FRESX)

Fidelity® Real Estate Index Fund (FRXIX)

Fidelity® Real Estate Income Fund (FRIFX)

Fidelity® International Real Estate Fund (FIREX)

Fidelity® Select Construction and Housing Portfolio (FSHOX)
Telecommunications

Fidelity® Select Telecommunications Portfolio (FSTCX)

Fidelity® Select Wireless Portfolio (FWRLX)
Utilities

Fidelity® Select Utilities Portfolio (FSUTX)

Fidelity® Telecom & Utilities Fund (FIUIX)






Research all Fidelity sector funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






ETFs for the 2nd half


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Here are some ETF opportunities to consider after recent developments.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





3 tech trends


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Think international tech, machine learning, and cloud computing.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Targeting ETFs


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Two ways the Fidelity ETF screener can help you find investment opportunities that fit your strategy.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Sector winners


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Tech, financials, and industrials were positive, most sectors had mixed results.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Fixed Income









Benefits of fixed income funds


Potential for capital preservation, depending on the fund
Income generation
Liquidity





Why Fidelity fixed income funds

One of the country's largest and most experienced investment organizations
$925+ billion in bond assets1
Over 600 investment professionals located around the world1














Short Duration


Fidelity® Conservative Income Bond Fund (FCONX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund (FCRDX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund - Institutional Class (FMNDX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Bond Fund - Institutional Class (FCNVX)

Fidelity® Short-Term Bond Fund (FSHBX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Bond Fund (FJRLX)

Fidelity® Short Duration High Income Fund (FSAHX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Government Fund (FFXSX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Municipal Income Fund (FSTFX)

Fidelity® California Limited Term Tax-Free Bond Fund (FCSTX)

Fidelity® Floating Rate High Income Fund (FFRHX)
Corporate

Fidelity® Corporate Bond Fund (FCBFX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Bond Fund (FJRLX)
Mortgage

Fidelity® Mortgage Securities Fund (FMSFX)

Fidelity® GNMA Fund (FGMNX)
Government

Fidelity® Intermediate Government Income Fund (FSTGX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Government Fund (FFXSX)

Fidelity® Government Income Fund (FGOVX)

Fidelity® Inflation-Protected Bond Fund (FINPX)




Diversified/Opportunistic

Fidelity® Total Bond Fund (FTBFX)

Fidelity® Strategic Income Fund (FSICX)

Fidelity® Capital & Income Fund (FAGIX)

Fidelity® Intermediate Bond (FTHRX)

Fidelity®Investment Grade Bond (FBNDX)
International

Fidelity® Global Credit Fund (FGBFX)

Fidelity® New Markets Income Fund (FNMIX)

Fidelity® Global High Income Fund (FGHNX)
High Yield

Fidelity® High Income Fund (SPHIX)

Fidelity® Short Duration High Income Fund (FSAHX)

Fidelity® Floating Rate High Income Fund (FFRHX)

Fidelity® Focused High Income Fund (FHIFX)

Fidelity® Global High Income Fund (FGHNX) Fidelity® Capital & Income Fund (FAGIX)




Municipal - National

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund (FCRDX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund - Institutional Class (FMNDX)

Fidelity Tax-Free Bond Fund (FTABX)

Fidelity® Municipal Income Fund (FHIGX)

Fidelity® Intermediate Municipal Income Fund (FLTMX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Municipal Income Fund (FSTFX)

Fidelity Municipal Income 2019 Fund (FMCFX)

Fidelity Municipal Income 2021 Fund (FOCFX)

Fidelity® Municipal Income 2023 Fund (FCHPX)

Fidelity® Municipal Income 2025 Fund (FIMSX)
Municipal – State

Fidelity Arizona Municipal Income Fund (FSAZX)

Fidelity® California Limited Term Tax-Free Bond Fund (FCSTX)

Fidelity® California Municipal Income Fund (FCTFX)

Fidelity® Connecticut Municipal Income Fund (FICNX)

Fidelity® Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund (FDMMX)

Fidelity Maryland Municipal Income Fund (SMDMX)

Fidelity® Michigan Municipal Income Fund (FMHTX)

Fidelity® Minnesota Municipal Income Fund (FIMIX)

Fidelity® New Jersey Municipal Income Fund (FNJHX)

Fidelity® New York Municipal Income Fund (FTFMX)

Fidelity® Ohio Municipal Income Fund (FOHFX)

Fidelity® Pennsylvania Municipal Income Fund (FPXTX)






Research all Fidelity fixed income funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Tips for volatility


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       When markets get choppy, it pays to have a plan, and to stick to it.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Mutual fund or ETF?


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Key factors to consider before buying include your tax bracket, fees, trading flexibility, and investment style.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Strategies for retirees


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       If you’re nearing or in retirement, make sure your plan is solid—and stay the course, even in volatile markets.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Perspective on rate changes


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Four reasons why bond investors may want to ignore short-term concerns about an interest rate change.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Asset Allocation









Benefits of asset allocation funds


Asset class diversification
Disciplined, ongoing asset allocation
Managed to help meet your needs for income and growth potential





Why Fidelity asset allocation funds

Over 25 years of delivering innovative asset allocation strategies
Professionally-managed strategies provide ongoing diversification through underlying fixed income and equity building blocks
Dedicated research teams provide macroeconomic, quantitative and fundamental insights with broader access to Fidelity's research professionals

Fidelity’s asset allocation philosophy











Target Date

Fidelity Freedom® 2005 Fund (FFFVX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2010 Fund (FFFCX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2015 Fund (FFVFX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2020 Fund (FFFDX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2025 Fund (FFTWX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2030 Fund (FFFEX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2035 Fund (FFTHX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2040 Fund (FFFFX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2045 Fund (FFFGX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2050 Fund (FFFHX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2055 Fund (FDEEX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2060 Fund (FDKVX)

Fidelity Freedom® Income Fund (FFFAX)




Target Risk

Fidelity Asset Manager® 20% (FASIX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 30% (FTANX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 40% (FFANX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 50% (FASMX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 60% (FSANX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 70% (FASGX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 85% (FAMRX)

Income and Real Return Strategies

Fidelity® Strategic Income Fund (FSICX)

Fidelity® Strategic Dividend & Income® Fund (FSDIX)

Fidelity® Strategic Real Return Fund (FSRRX)
Balanced Allocation

Fidelity Asset Manager® 60% (FSANX)

Fidelity® Balanced Fund (FBALX)

Fidelity® Global Balanced Fund (FGBLX)

Fidelity® Global Strategies Fund (FDYSX)

Fidelity® Puritan® Fund (FPURX)




Simplicity RMD Funds

Fidelity Simplicity RMD Income Fund (FIRNX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2005 Fund (FIRPX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2010 Fund (FIRRX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2015 Fund (FIRUX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2020 Fund (FIRWX)






Research all Fidelity asset allocation funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Retirement math


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Four key guidelines to help you stay on track on your journey to retirement—your “someday.”
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





How can I make my savings last?


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Limit withdrawals to no more than 4% to 5% in the first year of retirement and adjust for inflation annually.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





6 habits of successful investors


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Planning, consistency, and sound fundamentals can improve results.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Upside to down markets


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Here are five ways that may help take advantage of falling prices.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Index









Benefits of index funds


Generally lower management fees
Potentially more tax-efficient
Reduced portfolio turnover





Why Fidelity index funds

Nearly 30 years of experience managing index funds
Some of the least expensive index funds in the industry
Funds that track the most widely followed equity and fixed income indexes

Why Fidelity Index Funds











Domestic Stock
Fidelity® 500 Index Fund

Investor Class (FUSEX)
Premium Class (FUSVX)

Fidelity® Extended Market Index Fund

Investor Class (FSEMX)
Premium Class (FSEVX)

Fidelity® Mid Cap Index Fund

Investor Class (FSCLX)
Premium Class (FSCKX)

Fidelity® Small Cap Index Fund

Investor Class (FSSPX)
Premium Class (FSSVX)

Fidelity® U.S. Sustainability Index Fund

Investor Class (FENSX)
Premium Class (FPNSX)

Fidelity® Total Market Index Fund

Investor Class (FSTMX)
Premium Class (FSTVX)

Fidelity® Nasdaq® Composite Index Fund (FNCMX)
Fidelity® Large Cap Growth Index Fund

Investor Class (FSUIX)
Premium Class (FSUPX)

Fidelity® Large Cap Value Index Fund

Investor Class (FLCDX)
Premium Class (FLCHX)





International Stock
Fidelity® International Index Fund

Investor Class (FSIIX)
Premium Class (FSIVX)

Fidelity® Global ex US Index Fund

Investor Class (FSGUX)
Premium Class (FSGDX)

Fidelity® Emerging Markets Index Fund

Investor Class (FPEMX)
Premium Class (FPMAX)

Fidelity® International Sustainability Index Fund

Investor Class (FNIYX)
Premium Class (FNIRX)

Fidelity® Total International Index Fund

Investor Class (FTIGX)
Premium Class (FTIPX)

Speciality
Fidelity® Real Estate Index Fund

Investor Class (FRXIX)
Premium Class (FSRVX)

Fidelity® Four-in-One Index Fund (FFNOX)




Bond
Fidelity® U.S. Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FBIDX)
Premium Class (FSITX)

Fidelity® Short-Term Treasury Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FSBIX)
Premium Class (FSBAX)

Fidelity® Intermediate Treasury Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FIBIX)
Premium Class (FIBAX)

Fidelity® Long-Term Treasury Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FLBIX)
Premium Class (FLBAX)

Fidelity® Inflation-Protected Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FSIQX)
Premium Class (FSIYX)







Research all Fidelity index funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Active and passive


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       How a mix of both approaches can suit an investor’s preferences.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Cost of investing


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Investing costs, including fees charged by funds, erode your returns over time. Here’s what you need to know.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Three myths of index funds


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Learn how actively managed mutual funds can help investors during volatile or down markets.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Shop smart


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Costs can really vary among seemingly similar passive investments such as ETFs and index funds. Learn how.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Money Market









Benefits of money market funds


Short maturities and minimal credit risk
Choice of either U.S. Treasury or government fund as the core position to handle trades and transactions in any type of account
Municipal funds potentially offer tax-exempt income for non-retirement accounts

How Fidelity is staying ahead of regulatory changes




Why Fidelity money market funds

Experience managing $400+ billion in assets for millions of customers1
Emphasis on stability and safety as first priorities for investors' assets
Broad set of choices to suit retirement and non-retirement investing goals

How Fidelity manages money market funds











Treasury and Government Money Market3

Fidelity® Government Money Market Fund (SPAXX)

Fidelity® Government Money Market Fund - Premium Class (FZCXX)

Fidelity® Government Cash Reserves (FDRXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Government Portfolio - Class I (FIGXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Government Portfolio - Institutional Class (FRGXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Only - Class I (FSIXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Only - Institutional Class (FRSXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Portfolio - Class I (FISXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Portfolio - Institutional Class (FRBXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Trust Retirement Government Money Market II Portfolio (FRTXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Trust Retirement Government Money Market Portfolio (FGMXX)

Fidelity® Treasury Money Market Fund (FZFXX)

Fidelity® Treasury Only Money Market Fund (FDLXX)




State Municipal Money Market4

Retail Municipal

Fidelity® Arizona Municipal Money Market Fund (FSAXX)

Fidelity® California AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FSPXX)

Fidelity® California AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FSBXX)

Fidelity® California Municipal Money Market Fund (FCFXX)

Fidelity® Connecticut Municipal Money Market Fund (FCMXX)

Fidelity® Massachusetts AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FMSXX)

Fidelity Massachusetts AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FMAXX)

Fidelity® Massachusetts Municipal Money Market Fund (FDMXX)

Fidelity® Michigan Municipal Money Market Fund (FMIXX)

Fidelity® New Jersey AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FSJXX)

Fidelity® New Jersey AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FSKXX)

Fidelity® New Jersey Municipal Money Market Fund (FNJXX)

Fidelity® New York AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FSNXX)

Fidelity® New York AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FNKXX)

Fidelity® New York Municipal Money Market Fund (FNYXX)

Fidelity® Ohio Municipal Money Market Fund (FOMXX)

Fidelity® Pennsylvania Municipal Money Market Fund (FPTXX)




National Municipal Money Market4

Retail Municipal

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Tax Exempt - Class I (FTCXX)

Fidelity® Municipal Money Market Fund (FTEXX)

Fidelity® Tax-Exempt Money Market (FMOXX)

Fidelity® Tax-Exempt Money Market Fund - Premium Class (FZEXX)
Prime (General Purpose) Money Market

Retail Prime4

Fidelity® Investments Money Market - Money Market Portfolio - Class I (FMPXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market - Money Market Portfolio - Institutional Class (FNSXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Fund (SPRXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Fund - Premium Class (FZDXX)
Institutional Prime5

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Prime Reserves Portfolio – CL I (FDPXX)

Fidelity® Investment Money Market Prime Reserves Portfolio – Institutional Class (FHPXX)






Research all Fidelity money market funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Seek more yield on cash


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Here are some ways to potentially boost the income from your cash.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Rising interest rates and you


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Your savings may earn a bit more if the Federal Reserve raises rates—but you may pay more to borrow money too.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Money market update


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       How Fidelity responded to new U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) regulations.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





4 ways to earn more on savings


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Some savings and investing options offer higher yields than a savings account—with potentially more risk.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Next steps







Explore Fidelity Fund Portfolios










Research all Fidelity Funds










Sign up for free Guest Access












Additional information


Learn more about mutual funds
Fidelity Fund Quarterly Commentary
Fidelity's High Income Capabilities (PDF)















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.







Past performance is no guarantee of future results.



Diversification and asset allocation do not ensure a profit or guarantee against loss.


          * Fidelity's goal is to make financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. With assets under administration of $5.6 trillion, including managed assets of $2.1 trillion as of September 30, 2016, we focus on meeting the unique needs of a diverse set of customers: helping more than 24 million people invest their own life savings, nearly 20,000 businesses manage employee benefit programs, as well as providing nearly 10,000 advisory firms with technology solutions to invest their own clients' money.
	
    

          1. Fidelity Management & Research Company and Fidelity Institutional Asset Management, as of 9/30/16. Data is unaudited. These figures reflect the resources of Fidelity Management & Research Company, a U.S. company, and its subsidiaries. Research professionals include portfolio managers, research analysts and research associates.
	
    

          2. Highly rated funds are defined as those funds that have a 4- or 5-Star Morningstar rating. For each fund, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar RatingTM metric each month by subtracting the return on a 90-day U.S. Treasury Bill from the fund's load-adjusted return for the same period, and then adjusting this excess return for risk. The top 10% of funds in each broad asset class receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. (Each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages.) Although gathered from reliable sources, data completeness and accuracy cannot be guaranteed by Morningstar.
	
    

          3. You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time. Fidelity's government and U.S. Treasury money market funds will not impose a fee upon the sale of your shares, nor temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the fund's weekly liquid assets fall below 30% of its total assets because of market conditions or other factors.
	
    

          4. You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. The fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund's sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


          5. You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Because the share price of the fund will fluctuate, when you sell your shares they may be worth more or less than what you originally paid for them. The fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund's sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


Because of their narrow focus, sector investments tend to be more volatile than investments that diversify across many sectors and companies.


          Foreign securities are subject to interest rate, currency exchange rate, economic, and political risks, all of which are magnified in emerging markets.
	
    

The securities of smaller, less well known companies can be more volatile than those of larger companies.


Because of their narrow focus, sector investments tend to be more volatile than investments that diversify across many sectors and companies.


In general, the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk, and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so holding them until maturity to avoid losses caused by price volatility is not possible.



Indexes are unmanaged. It is not possible to invest directly in an index.



727360.14.0










Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Income & Real Return Strategy Funds
                                                        

                                           








Fidelity Strategic Funds are multi-asset-class strategies that seek to address key income needs—bond income from global sources, non-bond income from dividend-paying securities, and real return to help protect against inflation—by investing in a diversified mix of fixed income and/or equity investments chosen for their historical combined performance.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Income Replacement Funds
                                                        

                                           








Fidelity Income Replacement FundsSM combine the power of professional asset management with professionally managed withdrawals to help turn part of your savings into regular monthly payments.*














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Target Risk Funds
                                                        

                                           








For investors who want a fund that maintains a target asset allocation that reflects the tolerance for risk with which they are comfortable. Funds contain a professionally managed allocation of stocks, bonds, and short-term investments.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Target Date Funds
                                                        

                                           








Fidelity Freedom® Funds, also called target date funds, are all-in-one investment strategies that can help take the guesswork out of building and maintaining an age-based retirement portfolio.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Balanced Allocation Funds
                                                        

                                           








World allocation funds invest in a wide range of asset classes, giving the manager the flexibility to pursue investment opportunities anywhere around the globe.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Corporate Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest in bonds issued by corporations. The yields and risks are generally higher than those offered by government and most municipal bonds, and the income is subject to state and federal taxes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Diversified/Opportunistic Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest across a diverse range of fixed income sectors, including high yield securities, U.S. Government and investment-grade securities, emerging market securities and foreign developed market debt. Some funds may also invest a portion of the portfolio in equity securities.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Government Funds
                                                        

                                           








Government bond funds invest in bonds issued by the U.S. government and government-sponsored enterprises, as well as mortgage and other asset-backed securities.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           High Yield Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








High yield bond funds take higher risks with the goal of paying higher yields by investing primarily in securities that are either not rated, or have been rated below investment grade by the major ratings agencies—for taxable funds, BB and below.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           International Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








International bond funds invest in a range of taxable bonds issued by foreign governments and corporations.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Mortgage Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest in securities backed by pools of mortgages issued by government agencies, banks, or other financial institutions.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Municipal – National Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in municipal bonds issued by various state and local governments. The income from these bonds is generally free from federal taxes, although a portion may be subject to state and local taxes, as well as the federal alternative minimum tax (AMT).














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Municipal – State Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest primarily in municipal bonds issued in a specific state. Each state-specific category includes long, intermediate, and short duration bond funds. The income from all state-specific funds is generally exempt from federal and state taxes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Short Duration Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








Short duration bond funds can help you manage the impact of interest rate changes on your portfolio. They can also offer higher yields in comparison to cash investments. Our short duration funds have an average duration that's typically less than five years, and offer varying yields and levels of credit risk.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Diversifiers Funds
                                                        

                                           








These specialized strategies pursue specific and sometimes narrower opportunities and can come with a higher potential risk/reward ratio. They are often used as diversifiers within a well-balanced portfolio.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Go-Anywhere Funds
                                                        

                                           








Unconstrained by Morningstar categories, these funds can cast a wider net and have the flexibility to seek the best ideas anywhere in the market—regardless of market capitalization or style. .














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Income-Oriented Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest in stocks that pay dividends in line with or higher than the broader market. This strategy, known as equity income investing, can be an attractive alternative to bond investing as it seeks to offer greater protection against inflation as well as potential for capital appreciation.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Large Blend Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values greater than $10 billion. These funds invest in a combination of growth- and value-oriented stocks.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Large Growth Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values greater than $10 billion that fund managers believe are poised for growth. Growth can be based on a variety of factors, such as revenue or earnings growth. Growth funds are typically focused on generating capital gains rather than income.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Large Value Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values greater than $10 billion that fund managers believe have been undervalued by the market. Value can be determined by a variety of measures, including price-to-earnings ratio, price-to-book ratio, or dividend yield.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Small/Mid Blend Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values below $10 billion. These funds invest in a combination of growth- and value-oriented stocks.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Small/Mid Growth Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values between $2 billion and $10 billion that fund managers believe are poised for growth. Growth can be based on a variety of factors, such as revenue or earnings growth. Growth funds are typically focused on generating capital gains rather than income.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Small/Mid Value Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values below $10 billion that fund managers believe are undervalued by the market. Value can be determined by a variety of measures, including price-to-earnings ratio, price-to-book ratio, or dividend yield.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Bond Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to mirror the performance of an index such as the Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index or the Barclays U.S. 1–5 Year Treasury Bond Index.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Domestic Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to mimic the performance of a major U.S. equity index, such as the S&P 500 or the Russell 2000 indexes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           International Stock Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to track the performance of well-known international equity indexes, such as the FTSE Emerging Index or the MSCI EAFE Index.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Speciality Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to track the performance of a narrow segment of the market such as precious metals. They can also employ a nontraditional investment approach like investing in a fund that tracks both equity and bond indexes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Core International Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in stocks issued by companies throughout the world, except for the U.S.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Emerging Markets Funds
                                                        

                                           








Focus on stocks issued by companies based in countries with less developed economies.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Global Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in stocks issued by companies around the world, including the U.S.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Regional & Single Country Funds
                                                        

                                           








Focus on a particular country or area of the world, such as Europe, Asia-Pacific, or Latin America.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           National Municipal Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes, and in some cases the alternative minimum tax.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity national municipal money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           General Purpose (Prime) Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in high‐quality, U.S. dollar‐denominated, short‐term taxable money market securities from government and private issuers, including corporations.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity general purpose (prime) money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           State Municipal Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes and may be exempt from state income taxes depending on your state of residence.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity state municipal money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Treasury and Government Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in U.S. Treasury and other taxable U.S. government securities.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity U.S. Treasury and government money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Consumer Discretionary Funds
                                                        

                                           








Companies in the Consumer Discretionary sector manufacture goods or provide services that people want but, don't necessarily need, such as high-definition televisions, new cars, and family vacations.
Learn about consumer discretionary funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Consumer Staples Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Consumer Staples sector consists of companies that provide goods and services that people use on a daily basis, like food, clothing, or other personal products.
Learn about consumer staples funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Energy Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Energy sector consists of companies involved in the exploration, production, or management of energy resources such as oil, gas, and coal, as well as companies that service these industries.
Learn more about energy funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Financials Funds
                                                        

                                           








Companies in the Financials sector are engaged in businesses such as banking and brokerage, mortgage finance, insurance, or real estate development.
Learn more about financials funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Health Care Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Health Care sector includes companies engaged in the production and delivery of medicine and health care–related goods and services.
Learn more about health care funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Industrials Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Industrials sector includes companies that manufacture and distribute capital goods in support of industries such as aerospace and defense, construction and engineering, and electrical equipment and heavy machinery.
Learn more about industrial funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Information Technology Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Information Technology sector comprises companies that are engaged in the creation, storage, and exchange of digital information.
Learn more about information technology funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Materials Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Materials sector consists of companies that are engaged in the manufacturing or processing of chemicals and plastics, the harvesting of forests, or the extraction of metals and minerals.
Learn more about materials funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Real Estate Funds
                                                        

                                           








Real estate exposure can be obtained through a variety of different types of securities, including common stocks, bonds, preferred stocks, and securities of real estate investment trusts (REITs) and commercial mortgage backed securities (CMBs).
Learn more about real estate funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Telecommunications Funds
                                                        

                                           








Companies in the Telecommunications sector provide traditional fixed-line telephone, wireless, and data services. These companies can also be engaged in the designing, building, and servicing of communications devices and networks.
Learn more about telecommunications funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Utilities Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Utilities sector includes companies that engage in the production and delivery of electric power, natural gas, water, and other utility services, such as steam and cooled air.
Learn more about utilities funds























 










Mutual Funds Research | Fidelity Investments









Loading...














Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 













 You are here: 

Home »
Mutual Funds Research
























Mutual Funds Research


Search funds by name, symbol, family, or Top 10 Holding Find a mutual fund
										










									You need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser to access this content.
								







 Gathering Results


NEW - Organize and track your favorite funds with My Research. Get Started  .


SEARCH AND COMPARE FUNDS








Learn more














* Compared to Morningstar category average








MatchingFunds



























Questions?
800-343-3548

Instant message a representative



Why choose Fidelity?
Investing with Fidelity gives you access to over 10,000 funds from hundreds of fund companies, making it easy to find the right funds for any investment need.

Learn more about investing with Fidelity



Education

What are Mutual Funds?
Types of Mutual Funds



Learn More

My Research 
Fidelity funds daily prices
Browse Fidelity funds
Browse all Funds




























© 1998 – 2015 FMR LLC.
All rights reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map












 
















Fund Picks from Fidelity | Fidelity Investments







Loading...















Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 
















 You are here: 

Home »
Research »
Mutual Funds »


























Fund Picks From Fidelity®



			You need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser to access this content.
			





Every quarter, we screen all funds available through Fidelity, including those managed by other fund companies, to provide you with a list of funds that meet our selection criteria.


Funds have no transaction fees*
Investment profiles are taken into account, including key features and investment minimums
Three-year performance history is tracked
Funds offer highest three-year risk-adjusted returns within Morningstar category








Search Fund Picks
































© 1998 – 2015 FMR LLC.
All rights reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map















Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments













































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 

























Mutual Funds


Mutual funds are a practical, cost-efficient way to build a diversified portfolio of stocks, bonds, or short-term investments. With nearly 70 years in the business, Fidelity offers the tools and experience to help you build an investment strategy that matches your investing style.
Open an Account






Questions?


800-343-3548
800-343-3548

Chat with a representative


Find an Investor Center








Fidelity mutual funds










Why choose Fidelity funds?

There's a reason we're a world leader in mutual funds1—our rich history, global research, and diverse investment capabilities.




Explore our fund offering

Take advantage of our global network of analysts and one of the largest research departments in the industry.
Pricing, Distributions, and Shareholder Information
Year-End Fidelity Fund Distributions




Fidelity Fund Portfolios
                        
						                        
                                                       


						
							
Whether you want to pick your own funds or prefer the hands-off approach, we'll help you find a portfolio that makes the most sense for you.
Fidelity Fund Portfolios—Income
Fidelity Fund Portfolios—Diversified










 FEATURED INVESTING IDEA
Beating the benchmark

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Active management can help you respond quickly to market changes and maximize your return potential.
			                                            
			                                        
												






FEATURED SPOTLIGHT
Fidelity Simplicity RMD FundsSM

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Take the guesswork out of required minimum distributions (RMDs) for certain types of retirement accounts2 by pairing a professionally managed, age-appropriate asset allocation fund with our automated annual RMD withdrawal service.
			                                            
			                                        
												








All funds




Over 10,000 funds from Fidelity & other companies


Fidelity's FundsNetwork allows you to invest in mutual funds from hundreds of fund companies outside of Fidelity, including many available with no transaction fees.3 Explore your financial options by searching through our world class library of funds.



Explore all funds


Morningstar® highly rated funds
Fund Picks From Fidelity®











Featured Tool
Mutual Fund Evaluator4

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Search thousands of funds available through Fidelity. Easily filter and sort by performance criteria and fund characteristics.
			                                            
			                                        
												






FEATURED TRIAL
Guest Access

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Sign up for free Guest Access and experience the tools and resources only available to Fidelity customers.
			                                            
			                                        
												


















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.


Diversification and asset allocation do not ensure a profit or guarantee against loss.



Past performance is no guarantee of future results.



          1. Fidelity's goal is to make financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. With assets under administration of $6.2 trillion, including managed assets of $2.2 trillion as of May 31, 2017, we focus on meeting the unique needs of a diverse set of customers: helping more than 26 million people invest their own life savings, nearly 23,000 businesses manage employee benefit programs, as well as providing nearly 12,500 advisory firms with technology solutions to invest their own clients' money.
	
    

          2. RMDs do not apply to investments in Roth IRAs or taxable accounts.
	
    

          3.
	
	
	       Other fees and expenses, including those which apply to a continued investment in the fund, are described in the fund's current prospectus. Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC, or its affiliates, receives compensation in connection with (i) access to, purchase or redemption of, and/or maintenance of positions in mutual funds and other investment products ("funds"), (ii) infrastructure needed to support such funds as well as additional compensation for shareholder services, start-up fees, infrastructure support and maintenance, and other programs and/or (iii) a fund's attendance at events for FBS's clients and/or representatives, and opportunities for the fund to promote its products and services. This compensation may take the form of sales loads and 12b-1 fees described in the prospectus and/or additional compensation paid by the fund, its investment adviser or an affiliate. Fidelity reserves the right to change the funds available without transaction fees and reinstate the fees on any funds. Fidelity will charge a short term trading fee each time you sell or exchange shares of FundsNetwork No Transaction Fee (NTF) funds held less than 60 days (short-term trade).


          4. The Fund Evaluator is provided to help self-directed investors evaluate mutual funds based on their own needs and circumstances. The criteria entered is at the sole discretion of the user and any information obtained should not be considered an offer to buy or sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy, or a recommendation for any securities. You acknowledge that your requests for information are unsolicited and shall neither constitute, nor be considered as investment advice by Fidelity Brokerage Services, LLC., Fidelity Distributors Corporation, or their affiliates (collectively, "Fidelity").
	
    

          Please note: When comparing funds, please consider all important factors, including information pertaining to fund fees, fund features, and fund objectives. While funds may track an index, the indices and strategies employed in seeking to achieve an investment goal may be different. Each fund’s investment object and strategy and index tracked to achieve investment goals may differ. For new investors, funding investment minimums may be different.
	
    


727356.10.0











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









close





Retirement IRAs

Open a Rollover IRA






Open a Roth IRA










Open a Traditional IRA














Investing & Savings

Open a Brokerage Account






Open a Cash Management Account










Open Both Accounts

Open both a brokerage and cash management account to easily transfer and protect your funds.








See All Accounts


















 




Impact Investing | Social Impact Funds | SSGA
























































VIEWPOINTS
IMPACT INVESTING


















Environmental Social Governance

Investing and Giving for Good























Jaidip  Chanda

Head of Charitable Asset Management
BIO





Jai Chanda, Head of Charitable Asset Management, discusses how the SHE donor advised fund gives back to our communities by funding female leadership programs.














































*Noland, Marcus et al. “Is Gender Diversity Profitable? Evidence from a Global Survey.” Peterson Institute for International Economics, February 2016.
 



Concentrated investments in a particular industry or sector may be more vulnerable to adverse changes in that industry or sector.
                                                                                                                                                                                                             
ETFs trade like stocks, are subject to investment risk, fluctuate in market value and may trade at prices above or below the ETFs net asset value. Brokerage commissions and ETF expenses will reduce returns.

Equity securities may fluctuate in value in response to the activities of individual companies and general market and economic conditions.

Gender diversity risk: The returns on a portfolio of securities that excludes companies that are not gender diverse may trail the returns on a portfolio of securities that includes companies that are not gender diverse.

Non-diversified funds that focus on a relatively small number of issuers tend to be more volatile than diversified funds and the market as a whole.

Passively managed funds hold a range of securities that, in the aggregate, approximates the full Index in terms of key risk factors and other characteristics. This may cause the fund to experience tracking errors relative to performance of the index.

Companies with large market capitalizations go in and out of favor based on market and economic conditions. Larger companies tend to be less volatile than companies with smaller market capitalizations. In exchange for this potentially lower risk, the value of the security may not rise as much as companies with smaller market capitalizations.

Past performance is not a guarantee of future results.

“SPDR” is a product of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC (“SPDJI”) and has been licensed for use by State Street Corporation.
Standard & Poor’s®, S&P® and SPDR® are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC (S&P); Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC (Dow Jones); and these trademarks have been licensed for use by S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC (SPDJI) and sublicensed for certain purposes by State Street Corporation. State Street Corporation’s financial products are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by SPDJI, Dow Jones, S&P, their respective affiliates and third party licensors and none of such parties make any representation regarding the advisability of investing in such product(s) nor do they have any liability in relation thereto, including for any errors, omissions, or interruptions of any index.

Distributor: State Street Global Advisors Funds Distributors, LLC, member FINRA, SIPC, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of State Street Corporation. References to State Street may include State Street Corporation and its affiliates. Certain State Street affiliates provide services and receive fees from the SPDR ETFs.
Before investing, consider the fund’s investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. To obtain a prospectus or summary prospectus which contains this other information, call 866.787.2257 or visit spdrs.com. Read it carefully.
















×CLOSE
Local Office Contact

 








×
REGISTER

 








×CLOSE
Please log in to view the locked content.
You are entering a State Street system








Not registered yet?
If you're an existing client, but don't have access to the client site, please register.


REGISTER 



















×CLOSE
Choose Region & RolePlease select your region below to explore tailored content for your area






Region







GLOBAL Official Institution



Location



 




 English 



  







Role




   

Permitted Client (Canada)




If you are none of above, continue 
				anonymously.



 









×CLOSE















×CLOSE
Send PDF


* indicates a required field


Your Email



Subject



Recipient's Email



Message
Here's an interesting article from State Street Global Advisors.

Send 









×CLOSE












×CLOSE
Important Access Disclosure

 








REMOTE ACCESS SERVICES AGREEMENT

 








×CLOSE
You are leaving SSgA.com


The website you are accessing is created and maintained by another entity. We make no representation or warranty with respect to the information contained on the site or that it is appropriate in all jurisdictions or countries, or for use by all investors or counterparties. The products and services discussed at this site may not be appropriate for sale or use by all investors or counterparties. By providing this link, we are not providing you with investment advice or offering securities for sale to you. All persons and entities that access this site do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws and regulations.


CancelGo to Site








×CLOSE
DOWNLOAD YOUR FREE COPY











×CLOSE
Page Not Found Title


Page Not Fount Message

CLOSE










×CLOSE















×CLOSE
Share via email


* indicates a required field


Your Email



Subject



Recipient's Email



Message
I thought you'd be interested in checking out the latest insights on the State Street Global Advisors Blog.

Send 









×CLOSE





























Product Listing

























































FundsStrategies
BACK TO PREVIOUS PAGE   


Investment Type




Funds



Strategies





Asset class







  ()



  ()









  ()



  ()

















 ({{facet.count}})


  ({{geography.count}})








  ({{facet.count}})








{{key | formatFacetGroupHeading}}






 ({{facet.count}})


  ({{geography.count}})








  ({{facet.count}})













          Results({{fundsTotalResults}})

Funds
remove






 {{fundsResultCount.currentRes}} - {{fundsResultCount.shownRes}} of {{fundsResultCount.totalRes}} results 
 {{fundsResultCount.totalRes}} 件中 {{fundsResultCount.currentRes}} - {{fundsResultCount.shownRes}}件 

Prev
{{pages.pageNo}}{{pages.pageNo}}
Next







FUND NAME
ARSN/TICKER
ARSN
CUR
NAV/Yield % 
AS OF DATE
DOCS










   


view




FUND NAME
CLASS
ISIN
CUR
NAV
AS OF DATE
DOCS









 view







Fund Name
ISIN
NAV
CUR
As of Date
DOCS






JPY

 VIEW






 {{fundsResultCount.currentRes}} - {{fundsResultCount.shownRes}} of {{fundsResultCount.totalRes}} results 
 {{fundsResultCount.totalRes}} 件中 {{fundsResultCount.currentRes}} - {{fundsResultCount.shownRes}}件 

Prev
{{pages.pageNo}}{{pages.pageNo}}
Next



No funds were found for the selected criteria.




          Results({{strategyTotalResults}})

Strategies
remove






 {{strategyResultCount.currentRes}} - {{strategyResultCount.shownRes}} of {{strategyResultCount.totalRes}} results 

Prev
{{pages.pageNo}}{{pages.pageNo}}
Next



Strategy Name


Benchmark: 




 {{strategyResultCount.currentRes}} - {{strategyResultCount.shownRes}} of {{strategyResultCount.totalRes}} results 

Prev
{{pages.pageNo}}{{pages.pageNo}}
Next



No Strategies were found for the selected criteria.




          Results(0)

No results were found for the selected criteria.









 X
SSGA healthcare Equity documents




{{prodData.cabinetName}}


{{row.categoryName}}


{{lang.languageName}}
{{lang.languageName}}








        	No documents retrieved for the selected fund.

        	SERVICE_ERROR













×CLOSE
Local Office Contact

 








×
REGISTER

 








×CLOSE
Please log in to view the locked content.
You are entering a State Street system








Not registered yet?
If you're an existing client, but don't have access to the client site, please register.


REGISTER 



















×CLOSE
Choose Region & RolePlease select your region below to explore tailored content for your area






Region







GLOBAL Official Institution



Location



 




 English 



  







Role




   

Permitted Client (Canada)




If you are none of above, continue 
				anonymously.



 









×CLOSE















×CLOSE
Send PDF


* indicates a required field


Your Email



Subject



Recipient's Email



Message
Here's an interesting article from State Street Global Advisors.

Send 









×CLOSE












×CLOSE
Important Access Disclosure

 








REMOTE ACCESS SERVICES AGREEMENT

 








×CLOSE
You are leaving SSgA.com


The website you are accessing is created and maintained by another entity. We make no representation or warranty with respect to the information contained on the site or that it is appropriate in all jurisdictions or countries, or for use by all investors or counterparties. The products and services discussed at this site may not be appropriate for sale or use by all investors or counterparties. By providing this link, we are not providing you with investment advice or offering securities for sale to you. All persons and entities that access this site do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws and regulations.


CancelGo to Site








×CLOSE
DOWNLOAD YOUR FREE COPY











×CLOSE
Page Not Found Title


Page Not Fount Message

CLOSE










×CLOSE















×CLOSE
Share via email


* indicates a required field


Your Email



Subject



Recipient's Email



Message
I thought you'd be interested in checking out the latest insights on the State Street Global Advisors Blog.

Send 









×CLOSE





























About Us | Who We Are | SSGA
























































ABOUT US
STATE STREET GLOBAL ADVISORS



For nearly four decades, State Street Global Advisors has helped our clients and those who rely on them to invest responsibly, enabling economic prosperity and social progress.
 














Who We Are

A Message from Ron O'Hanley























Ronald P. O'Hanley

President & Chief Executive Officer
BIO





Watch State Street Global Advisors’ President and CEO describe how our capabilities and approach create long-term value for clients across the globe.








Learn More About Us


 


Mission

At State Street Global Advisors, our mission is clear: we believe investing responsibly enables economic prosperity and social progress. 


 


History of Innovation

At State Street Global Advisors, we’ve always focused on Responsible Innovation that benefits investors and the world.


 


Asset Stewardship

We actively engage with companies on a range of important governance and sustainability issues to ensure our portfolios are appropriately focused on long-term value creation.




 


Global Capabilities

With offices in nearly every corner of the world, our scale and global reach offer clients unrivaled access to markets, geographies and asset classes.


 


Who We Serve

We partner with the world’s largest, most sophisticated investors and financial intermediaries to help them reach their goals through a rigorous, research-driven investment process.



 


Leadership Team

Get to know the senior leaders at State Street Global Advisors, including President and CEO Ron O’Hanley.













Accolades


Awards and Recognition

Globally we have been recognized for our outstanding service and innovation. Learn more about the most recent industry awards and recognition we have received.






Working Here


Careers at SSGA

At State Street Global Advisors, we give people an opportunity to make a difference – to enable economic prosperity and social progress by helping more people and institutions invest responsibly. Learn more about what it means to join our team.






State Street Newsroom


SSGA Press Releases

Read the latest news from State Street Global Advisors and other State Street Corporation business units.















×CLOSE
Local Office Contact

 








×
REGISTER

 








×CLOSE
Please log in to view the locked content.
You are entering a State Street system








Not registered yet?
If you're an existing client, but don't have access to the client site, please register.


REGISTER 



















×CLOSE
Choose Region & RolePlease select your region below to explore tailored content for your area






Region







GLOBAL Official Institution



Location



 




 English 



  







Role




   

Permitted Client (Canada)




If you are none of above, continue 
				anonymously.



 









×CLOSE















×CLOSE
Send PDF


* indicates a required field


Your Email



Subject



Recipient's Email



Message
Here's an interesting article from State Street Global Advisors.

Send 









×CLOSE












×CLOSE
Important Access Disclosure

 








REMOTE ACCESS SERVICES AGREEMENT

 








×CLOSE
You are leaving SSgA.com


The website you are accessing is created and maintained by another entity. We make no representation or warranty with respect to the information contained on the site or that it is appropriate in all jurisdictions or countries, or for use by all investors or counterparties. The products and services discussed at this site may not be appropriate for sale or use by all investors or counterparties. By providing this link, we are not providing you with investment advice or offering securities for sale to you. All persons and entities that access this site do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws and regulations.


CancelGo to Site








×CLOSE
DOWNLOAD YOUR FREE COPY











×CLOSE
Page Not Found Title


Page Not Fount Message

CLOSE










×CLOSE















×CLOSE
Share via email


* indicates a required field


Your Email



Subject



Recipient's Email



Message
I thought you'd be interested in checking out the latest insights on the State Street Global Advisors Blog.

Send 









×CLOSE





























Article Listing
























































Articles
BACK TO PREVIOUS PAGE    






Results





Sort By



Most Recent
Title
Author
Publication Type



































					Service Error















×CLOSE
Local Office Contact

 








×
REGISTER

 








×CLOSE
Please log in to view the locked content.
You are entering a State Street system








Not registered yet?
If you're an existing client, but don't have access to the client site, please register.


REGISTER 



















×CLOSE
Choose Region & RolePlease select your region below to explore tailored content for your area






Region







GLOBAL Official Institution



Location



 




 English 



  







Role




   

Permitted Client (Canada)




If you are none of above, continue 
				anonymously.



 









×CLOSE















×CLOSE
Send PDF


* indicates a required field


Your Email



Subject



Recipient's Email



Message
Here's an interesting article from State Street Global Advisors.

Send 









×CLOSE












×CLOSE
Important Access Disclosure

 








REMOTE ACCESS SERVICES AGREEMENT

 








×CLOSE
You are leaving SSgA.com


The website you are accessing is created and maintained by another entity. We make no representation or warranty with respect to the information contained on the site or that it is appropriate in all jurisdictions or countries, or for use by all investors or counterparties. The products and services discussed at this site may not be appropriate for sale or use by all investors or counterparties. By providing this link, we are not providing you with investment advice or offering securities for sale to you. All persons and entities that access this site do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws and regulations.


CancelGo to Site








×CLOSE
DOWNLOAD YOUR FREE COPY











×CLOSE
Page Not Found Title


Page Not Fount Message

CLOSE










×CLOSE















×CLOSE
Share via email


* indicates a required field


Your Email



Subject



Recipient's Email



Message
I thought you'd be interested in checking out the latest insights on the State Street Global Advisors Blog.

Send 









×CLOSE













































Amana Mutual Funds Trust | Saturna Capital




























Skip to main content






MENU
 
 
 
Toggle navigation





Account Login My Fund Account
Saturna Brokerage
401(k) Account





Search form
Search






Documents & Forms Mutual Funds
Account Maintenance
Individual Retirement Accounts
Saturna Capital
Health Savings Accounts
Saturna Brokerage
Education Savings Accounts
Saturna Trust Company
Employer Plans

Contact
Site Map











Saturna Capital




Contact
1-800-728-8762
 



Values-Based Global Asset Managers










HomeFunds & PerformanceAmana Mutual Funds Trust 
















Following Principles of Islamic Finance




 






 




Amana Income
Investor Shares: AMANX
Institutional Shares: AMINX
Amana Developing World
Investor Shares: AMDWX
Institutional Shares: AMIDX






Not sure how to choose between the Funds?
The Amana Fund Selector can help!
Try it out.






Amana Growth
Investor Shares: AMAGX
Institutional Shares: AMIGX
Amana Participation
Investor Shares: AMAPX
Institutional Shares: AMIPX




 
 










Amana Participation Fund Explainer Video

 


 






Investment Process
Saturna Capital, the Funds' investment adviser, screens more than 10,000 global equities monthly.
Read more...


Quarterly Commentary
Stay informed with the latest insights from our portfolio managers and analysts.
Read more...





 
 










Halal Investing






Investing For Hajj






Investing & Zakah





 
 











Amana Mutual Funds Trust
 





Amana Founders Video

 


Watch Amana Mutual Funds Trust founders, Nick Kaiser and Yaqub Mirza, discuss the creation and history of the Trust.

At Saturna Capital and the Amana Mutual Funds Trust, we endeavor to align our investments with our principles.
Our Funds favor companies with low price-to-earnings multiples, strong balance sheets, and proven businesses. They follow a value-oriented approach consistent with Islamic finance principles. Generally, these principles require that investors avoid interest and investments in businesses such as liquor, pornography, gambling, and banks. The Funds avoid bonds and other conventional fixed-income securities.
Saturna Capital selects investments in companies that to its knowledge do not violate the requirements of the Islamic faith at the time of investment. To ensure that investments continue to meet the requirements of the Islamic faith, Saturna Capital engages Amanie Advisors Sdn Bhd, a leading consultant specializing in Islamic finance.
The Amana Funds limit the securities they purchase to those consistent with Islamic principles. This limits opportunities and may affect performance.
 
 





Saturna White Papers: Educational Series 

  
  
 Dancing with Correlation 
 We explore the correlation between Islamic investment certificates, including sukuk, and other investment asset classes as a means of better understanding the risk and return characteristics of this unique and distinct asset class.
 
   

  
 What Makes Sukuk Halal? 
 We explain what differentiates Islamic investment certificates, often called sukuk, from conventional bonds, and identifies the distinctive features that form the core of what makes sukuk Islamic-compliant, or halal.
 
   
 








Income Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Growth Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Developing World Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Participation Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Related Links:
Quarterly Commentary
Investment Process
Halal Investing
Investing and Zakah
Investing for Hajj
Amana Fund Selector
Amana Mutual Funds Trust Board Governance Policies
Renewal of Investment Advisory Contract
Disclosure of Portfolio Holdings
Form N-Q
Proxy Voting Guidelines
Form N-PX
Amana Documents




 

























Amana Mutual Funds Trust | Saturna Capital




























Skip to main content






MENU
 
 
 
Toggle navigation





Account Login My Fund Account
Saturna Brokerage
401(k) Account





Search form
Search






Documents & Forms Mutual Funds
Account Maintenance
Individual Retirement Accounts
Saturna Capital
Health Savings Accounts
Saturna Brokerage
Education Savings Accounts
Saturna Trust Company
Employer Plans

Contact
Site Map











Saturna Capital




Contact
1-800-728-8762
 



Values-Based Global Asset Managers










HomeFunds & PerformanceAmana Mutual Funds Trust 
















Following Principles of Islamic Finance




 






 




Amana Income
Investor Shares: AMANX
Institutional Shares: AMINX
Amana Developing World
Investor Shares: AMDWX
Institutional Shares: AMIDX






Not sure how to choose between the Funds?
The Amana Fund Selector can help!
Try it out.






Amana Growth
Investor Shares: AMAGX
Institutional Shares: AMIGX
Amana Participation
Investor Shares: AMAPX
Institutional Shares: AMIPX




 
 










Amana Participation Fund Explainer Video

 


 






Investment Process
Saturna Capital, the Funds' investment adviser, screens more than 10,000 global equities monthly.
Read more...


Quarterly Commentary
Stay informed with the latest insights from our portfolio managers and analysts.
Read more...





 
 










Halal Investing






Investing For Hajj






Investing & Zakah





 
 











Amana Mutual Funds Trust
 





Amana Founders Video

 


Watch Amana Mutual Funds Trust founders, Nick Kaiser and Yaqub Mirza, discuss the creation and history of the Trust.

At Saturna Capital and the Amana Mutual Funds Trust, we endeavor to align our investments with our principles.
Our Funds favor companies with low price-to-earnings multiples, strong balance sheets, and proven businesses. They follow a value-oriented approach consistent with Islamic finance principles. Generally, these principles require that investors avoid interest and investments in businesses such as liquor, pornography, gambling, and banks. The Funds avoid bonds and other conventional fixed-income securities.
Saturna Capital selects investments in companies that to its knowledge do not violate the requirements of the Islamic faith at the time of investment. To ensure that investments continue to meet the requirements of the Islamic faith, Saturna Capital engages Amanie Advisors Sdn Bhd, a leading consultant specializing in Islamic finance.
The Amana Funds limit the securities they purchase to those consistent with Islamic principles. This limits opportunities and may affect performance.
 
 





Saturna White Papers: Educational Series 

  
  
 Dancing with Correlation 
 We explore the correlation between Islamic investment certificates, including sukuk, and other investment asset classes as a means of better understanding the risk and return characteristics of this unique and distinct asset class.
 
   

  
 What Makes Sukuk Halal? 
 We explain what differentiates Islamic investment certificates, often called sukuk, from conventional bonds, and identifies the distinctive features that form the core of what makes sukuk Islamic-compliant, or halal.
 
   
 








Income Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Growth Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Developing World Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Participation Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Related Links:
Quarterly Commentary
Investment Process
Halal Investing
Investing and Zakah
Investing for Hajj
Amana Fund Selector
Amana Mutual Funds Trust Board Governance Policies
Renewal of Investment Advisory Contract
Disclosure of Portfolio Holdings
Form N-Q
Proxy Voting Guidelines
Form N-PX
Amana Documents




 

























Amana Mutual Funds Trust | Saturna Capital




























Skip to main content






MENU
 
 
 
Toggle navigation





Account Login My Fund Account
Saturna Brokerage
401(k) Account





Search form
Search






Documents & Forms Mutual Funds
Account Maintenance
Individual Retirement Accounts
Saturna Capital
Health Savings Accounts
Saturna Brokerage
Education Savings Accounts
Saturna Trust Company
Employer Plans

Contact
Site Map











Saturna Capital




Contact
1-800-728-8762
 



Values-Based Global Asset Managers










HomeFunds & PerformanceAmana Mutual Funds Trust 
















Following Principles of Islamic Finance




 






 




Amana Income
Investor Shares: AMANX
Institutional Shares: AMINX
Amana Developing World
Investor Shares: AMDWX
Institutional Shares: AMIDX






Not sure how to choose between the Funds?
The Amana Fund Selector can help!
Try it out.






Amana Growth
Investor Shares: AMAGX
Institutional Shares: AMIGX
Amana Participation
Investor Shares: AMAPX
Institutional Shares: AMIPX




 
 










Amana Participation Fund Explainer Video

 


 






Investment Process
Saturna Capital, the Funds' investment adviser, screens more than 10,000 global equities monthly.
Read more...


Quarterly Commentary
Stay informed with the latest insights from our portfolio managers and analysts.
Read more...





 
 










Halal Investing






Investing For Hajj






Investing & Zakah





 
 











Amana Mutual Funds Trust
 





Amana Founders Video

 


Watch Amana Mutual Funds Trust founders, Nick Kaiser and Yaqub Mirza, discuss the creation and history of the Trust.

At Saturna Capital and the Amana Mutual Funds Trust, we endeavor to align our investments with our principles.
Our Funds favor companies with low price-to-earnings multiples, strong balance sheets, and proven businesses. They follow a value-oriented approach consistent with Islamic finance principles. Generally, these principles require that investors avoid interest and investments in businesses such as liquor, pornography, gambling, and banks. The Funds avoid bonds and other conventional fixed-income securities.
Saturna Capital selects investments in companies that to its knowledge do not violate the requirements of the Islamic faith at the time of investment. To ensure that investments continue to meet the requirements of the Islamic faith, Saturna Capital engages Amanie Advisors Sdn Bhd, a leading consultant specializing in Islamic finance.
The Amana Funds limit the securities they purchase to those consistent with Islamic principles. This limits opportunities and may affect performance.
 
 





Saturna White Papers: Educational Series 

  
  
 Dancing with Correlation 
 We explore the correlation between Islamic investment certificates, including sukuk, and other investment asset classes as a means of better understanding the risk and return characteristics of this unique and distinct asset class.
 
   

  
 What Makes Sukuk Halal? 
 We explain what differentiates Islamic investment certificates, often called sukuk, from conventional bonds, and identifies the distinctive features that form the core of what makes sukuk Islamic-compliant, or halal.
 
   
 








Income Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Growth Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Developing World Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Participation Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Related Links:
Quarterly Commentary
Investment Process
Halal Investing
Investing and Zakah
Investing for Hajj
Amana Fund Selector
Amana Mutual Funds Trust Board Governance Policies
Renewal of Investment Advisory Contract
Disclosure of Portfolio Holdings
Form N-Q
Proxy Voting Guidelines
Form N-PX
Amana Documents




 

























Amana Mutual Funds Trust | Saturna Capital




























Skip to main content






MENU
 
 
 
Toggle navigation





Account Login My Fund Account
Saturna Brokerage
401(k) Account





Search form
Search






Documents & Forms Mutual Funds
Account Maintenance
Individual Retirement Accounts
Saturna Capital
Health Savings Accounts
Saturna Brokerage
Education Savings Accounts
Saturna Trust Company
Employer Plans

Contact
Site Map











Saturna Capital




Contact
1-800-728-8762
 



Values-Based Global Asset Managers










HomeFunds & PerformanceAmana Mutual Funds Trust 
















Following Principles of Islamic Finance




 






 




Amana Income
Investor Shares: AMANX
Institutional Shares: AMINX
Amana Developing World
Investor Shares: AMDWX
Institutional Shares: AMIDX






Not sure how to choose between the Funds?
The Amana Fund Selector can help!
Try it out.






Amana Growth
Investor Shares: AMAGX
Institutional Shares: AMIGX
Amana Participation
Investor Shares: AMAPX
Institutional Shares: AMIPX




 
 










Amana Participation Fund Explainer Video

 


 






Investment Process
Saturna Capital, the Funds' investment adviser, screens more than 10,000 global equities monthly.
Read more...


Quarterly Commentary
Stay informed with the latest insights from our portfolio managers and analysts.
Read more...





 
 










Halal Investing






Investing For Hajj






Investing & Zakah





 
 











Amana Mutual Funds Trust
 





Amana Founders Video

 


Watch Amana Mutual Funds Trust founders, Nick Kaiser and Yaqub Mirza, discuss the creation and history of the Trust.

At Saturna Capital and the Amana Mutual Funds Trust, we endeavor to align our investments with our principles.
Our Funds favor companies with low price-to-earnings multiples, strong balance sheets, and proven businesses. They follow a value-oriented approach consistent with Islamic finance principles. Generally, these principles require that investors avoid interest and investments in businesses such as liquor, pornography, gambling, and banks. The Funds avoid bonds and other conventional fixed-income securities.
Saturna Capital selects investments in companies that to its knowledge do not violate the requirements of the Islamic faith at the time of investment. To ensure that investments continue to meet the requirements of the Islamic faith, Saturna Capital engages Amanie Advisors Sdn Bhd, a leading consultant specializing in Islamic finance.
The Amana Funds limit the securities they purchase to those consistent with Islamic principles. This limits opportunities and may affect performance.
 
 





Saturna White Papers: Educational Series 

  
  
 Dancing with Correlation 
 We explore the correlation between Islamic investment certificates, including sukuk, and other investment asset classes as a means of better understanding the risk and return characteristics of this unique and distinct asset class.
 
   

  
 What Makes Sukuk Halal? 
 We explain what differentiates Islamic investment certificates, often called sukuk, from conventional bonds, and identifies the distinctive features that form the core of what makes sukuk Islamic-compliant, or halal.
 
   
 








Income Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Growth Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Developing World Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Participation Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Related Links:
Quarterly Commentary
Investment Process
Halal Investing
Investing and Zakah
Investing for Hajj
Amana Fund Selector
Amana Mutual Funds Trust Board Governance Policies
Renewal of Investment Advisory Contract
Disclosure of Portfolio Holdings
Form N-Q
Proxy Voting Guidelines
Form N-PX
Amana Documents




 

























Amana Mutual Funds Trust | Saturna Capital




























Skip to main content






MENU
 
 
 
Toggle navigation





Account Login My Fund Account
Saturna Brokerage
401(k) Account





Search form
Search






Documents & Forms Mutual Funds
Account Maintenance
Individual Retirement Accounts
Saturna Capital
Health Savings Accounts
Saturna Brokerage
Education Savings Accounts
Saturna Trust Company
Employer Plans

Contact
Site Map











Saturna Capital




Contact
1-800-728-8762
 



Values-Based Global Asset Managers










HomeFunds & PerformanceAmana Mutual Funds Trust 
















Following Principles of Islamic Finance




 






 




Amana Income
Investor Shares: AMANX
Institutional Shares: AMINX
Amana Developing World
Investor Shares: AMDWX
Institutional Shares: AMIDX






Not sure how to choose between the Funds?
The Amana Fund Selector can help!
Try it out.






Amana Growth
Investor Shares: AMAGX
Institutional Shares: AMIGX
Amana Participation
Investor Shares: AMAPX
Institutional Shares: AMIPX




 
 










Amana Participation Fund Explainer Video

 


 






Investment Process
Saturna Capital, the Funds' investment adviser, screens more than 10,000 global equities monthly.
Read more...


Quarterly Commentary
Stay informed with the latest insights from our portfolio managers and analysts.
Read more...





 
 










Halal Investing






Investing For Hajj






Investing & Zakah





 
 











Amana Mutual Funds Trust
 





Amana Founders Video

 


Watch Amana Mutual Funds Trust founders, Nick Kaiser and Yaqub Mirza, discuss the creation and history of the Trust.

At Saturna Capital and the Amana Mutual Funds Trust, we endeavor to align our investments with our principles.
Our Funds favor companies with low price-to-earnings multiples, strong balance sheets, and proven businesses. They follow a value-oriented approach consistent with Islamic finance principles. Generally, these principles require that investors avoid interest and investments in businesses such as liquor, pornography, gambling, and banks. The Funds avoid bonds and other conventional fixed-income securities.
Saturna Capital selects investments in companies that to its knowledge do not violate the requirements of the Islamic faith at the time of investment. To ensure that investments continue to meet the requirements of the Islamic faith, Saturna Capital engages Amanie Advisors Sdn Bhd, a leading consultant specializing in Islamic finance.
The Amana Funds limit the securities they purchase to those consistent with Islamic principles. This limits opportunities and may affect performance.
 
 





Saturna White Papers: Educational Series 

  
  
 Dancing with Correlation 
 We explore the correlation between Islamic investment certificates, including sukuk, and other investment asset classes as a means of better understanding the risk and return characteristics of this unique and distinct asset class.
 
   

  
 What Makes Sukuk Halal? 
 We explain what differentiates Islamic investment certificates, often called sukuk, from conventional bonds, and identifies the distinctive features that form the core of what makes sukuk Islamic-compliant, or halal.
 
   
 








Income Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Growth Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Developing World Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Participation Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Related Links:
Quarterly Commentary
Investment Process
Halal Investing
Investing and Zakah
Investing for Hajj
Amana Fund Selector
Amana Mutual Funds Trust Board Governance Policies
Renewal of Investment Advisory Contract
Disclosure of Portfolio Holdings
Form N-Q
Proxy Voting Guidelines
Form N-PX
Amana Documents




 












 Dotdash




































menu
Hi. We're Dotdash.



HOME
OUR BRANDS
OUR WORK
IN THE NEWS
OUR TEAM
CAREERS






HOME
OUR BRANDS
OUR WORK
IN THE NEWS
OUR TEAM
CAREERS





Our story, in a minute and a half.






 


Looking for answers, advice, and inspiration? We can help.














10 Yoga Poses That Improve Core Strength
The Story of Multiple Sclerosis and Its Major Milestones
Iron-Rich Foods You Should Be Eating During Pregnancy


VISIT VERYWELL












50 DIYs to Update Your Kitchen
3 Decadent 'Adults-Only' Grilled Cheese Ideas
10 Paper Flower Wreaths You Can DIY


VISIT THESPRUCE












How to Use Find My iPhone to Find a Lost Phone
13 Ways You're Screwing Up Your Computer
The 10 Best Tablets to Buy in 2017


VISIT LIFEWIRE


 











How Much Should I Have in My Emergency Cash Fund?
4 Negotiating Strategies That Can Narrow Your Pay Gap
7 Apps You Can Use to Start a Side Hustle


VISIT THEBALANCE












33 National Parks to See Before You Die
The Most Amazing Pools at Disney World Resorts
The Worst Foods to Eat Before Flying


VISIT TRIPSAVVY












Allowances Available to Members of US Congress
5 Mind-Blowing Ways to Read “Of Mice and Men”
Edible Insects You Should Try


VISIT THOUGHTCO


 
 
 















Blue Chip Investor Fund - Capitalizing On The Profitability of Blue Chip Stocks






This page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them.











Blue Chip Investor Fund Management










This page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them.





Blue Chip Invstor Fund News











This page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them.





Blue Chip Investor Fund










This page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them.











Blue Chip Investor Fund Performance






>

This page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them.








 








BCIFX View All - Blue Chip Investor Fund | Fidelity Investments
























Blue Chip Investor Fund


Symbol: BCIFX



									
										
											Transaction Fee/Load 1

			
																	
									








		
						
									
					
											
					 See Fund Picks from Fidelity� for no transaction fee alternatives











































Summary







 


Overall Rating

3 out of 5 Stars

Morningstar has awarded this fund 3 stars based on its risk-adjusted performance compared to the 1223 funds within its Morningstar Category.



How is it determined?


The Overall Morningstar RatingTM for a fund is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics, which are based on risk-adjusted returns, as of the date stated.





3 Yrs





                         Out of
1,223
 funds
                     	




5 Yrs





                         Out of
1,080
 funds
                       




10 Yrs





                         Out of
802
 funds
                       




What does it mean?


A fund's Morningstar Rating is a quantitative assessment of a fund's past performance that accounts for both risk and return, with funds earning between 1 and 5 stars. As always, this rating system is designed to be used as a first step in the fund evaluation process. A high rating alone is not sufficient basis upon which to make an investment decision.











 


Returns


LOW
AVG
HIGH


Average


This fund scores Average because it delivered returns that were in the middle 35% when compared to other funds within its Morningstar category.





How is it calculated?



This rating is based on a fund's Morningstar Return (its annualized return in excess to the return of the 90-day U.S. Treasury bill over a three-, five-, or ten-year period). The Morningstar Returns in each category are then scored against each other on a bell curve. In each Morningstar Category:� top 10% - High� next 22.5% - Above Average� middle 35% - Average� next 22.5% - Below Average� bottom 10% - Low




What does it mean?



While past performance is no guarantee of future results, the Morningstar Return shows how the fund has done in the past in comparison to similar funds in its peer group. It does not, however, show the effects of risk.Therefore, the Morningstar Return is most helpful when used in conjunction with the Morningstar Risk Score. For example, an investor could use these two scores when comparing between funds that have the same Morningstar Star Rating and similar Morningstar Risk Adjusted Returns but different levels of risk.










 


Expenses


LOW
AVG
HIGH


Average


This fund's expenses are rated as Average because they fall between the 40th and 60th percentiles when compared with other funds in the category.





How is it calculated?


This Morningstar data point compares the fund's net expense ratio to the net expense ratio of all the other funds within its Morningstar Category grouping.





What does it mean?


Excessive expenses can detract from overall returns and can be a drain on performance. While you should not base any investment decision entirely on expenses or expense ratios, a fund's expense structure may be one factor to consider.











 


Risk of this Type of Fund


LOWER
HIGHER





Morningstar assigns a risk level to each of its mutual fund categories. These risk levels range from 1 for those funds with least amount of risk to 10 for those with the greatest amount of risk.






How is it calculated?



Morningstar calculates these risk levels by looking at the Morningstar Risk of the funds in the Category over the previous 5-year period. Morningstar Risk is the difference between the Morningstar Return, based on fund total returns, and the Morningstar Risk Adjusted Return, based on fund total returns adjusted for performance volatility. The Category Risk Level is based on the equal weighted average Morningstar Risk of the funds in the category.  Morningstar's Research Committee evaluates the Category Morningstar Risk and assigns the Category Risk Level after further qualitative judgment.




What does it mean?



This score can help you understand the risk involved with a particular Morningstar category of funds, which may be helpful in evaluating the risk associated with a specific investment. The Category Risk Level is based on the equal weighted average performance of the funds in the category. It does not reflect the risk associated with any individual fund or the relative risk of a fund within a particular Morningstar category.  Because the score is based on past performance, it may not reflect the future risk of the category. In addition to risk, you should evaluate a fund's investment objective, strategy, fees and other characteristics before making your investment decision.Learn more








  
           
           		Morningstar® Snapshot*
           		
           		
           		
           		
           	
           	

		          
		          	
		          		AS OF 6/30/2017; Morningstar Category: Large Blend




Overall Rating



Returns


LOWAVGHIGH




Expenses


LOWAVGHIGH




Risk of this Category


LOWERHIGHER







*Data provided by Morningstar





Performance 2





	         
	         	 AS OF 6/30/2017
	         
        

















Average Annual Returns



YTD (Daily)*
						
													
				

										
										1 Yr
				

										
										3 Yrs
				

										
										5 Yrs
				

						
						10 Yrs
				    



YTD (Daily)*
				  		+5.09%
				  	

1 Yr
				  		+15.32%
				  	

3 Yrs
				  		+8.41%
				  	

5 Yrs
				  		+12.90%
				  	

10 Yrs
				  		+5.61%
				  	





  			*AS OF 7/20/2017; Value is cumulative
  		







Hypothetical Growth of $10,000 3, 4






			AS OF 6/30/2017; Morningstar Category: Large Blend








Shows growth of hypothetical $10,000 investment in Blue Chip Investor Fund compared to S&P 500,Large Blend over the selected time period



YTD

1Y
3Y
5Y
10Y








Blue Chip Investor Fund







S&P 500






Large Blend






Compare Chart��|�� Fund Facts Search

The performance data featured represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results.  Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate; therefore, you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.  Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted.








Fund Manager(s)







Steven Check since 12/31/2001


Ryan Kinney since 5/1/2017










 

Manager: Steven Check

Manager Tenure: since 12/31/2001



Funds Currently Managed



Blue Chip Investor Fund (since 12/31/2001)











 

Manager: Ryan Kinney

Manager Tenure: since 5/1/2017



Funds Currently Managed



Blue Chip Investor Fund (since 5/1/2017)























Fund Overview




Objective



The investment seeks long-term growth of capital.




Strategy



The fund invests primarily in the common stocks of industry-dominant companies whose earnings have demonstrated superior growth. It invests in medium to large capitalization companies. The average market capitalization of holdings is usually larger than $5 billion. The fund is non-diversified.


Risk



Value and growth stocks can perform differently from other types of stocks. Growth stocks can be more volatile. Value stocks can continue to be undervalued by the market for long periods of time. Stock markets are volatile and can decline significantly in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, economic or other developments. These risks may be magnified in foreign markets. Additional risk information for this product may be found in the prospectus or other product materials, if available.




Additional Disclosures

This description is only intended to provide a brief overview of the mutual fund. Read the fund's prospectus for more detailed information about the fund.









Details


















		
				
				Morningstar Category
		
		
		











	
	
		Large Blend
	



		
		



		
				
				Fund Inception
		
		
		











	
	
		12/31/2001
	



		
		



Glossary definition opens in new window.NAV
7/20/2017













	
		
			
				$169.01			
			
			
						
	
	



		
		



Glossary definition opens in new window.Exp Ratio (Gross)
5/1/2017













	
	
		1.44%
	



		
			($14.40 per $1000)




Glossary definition opens in new window.Exp Ratio (Net)
5/1/2017













	
	
		1.01%
	



		
			($10.10 per $1000)




		
				
					Transaction Fee (Online) 1














	
		
			
			
				$49.95
			
						
	
	



		
		



		
				
					Minimum to Invest 5














	
		
			
			
				$5,000.00
			
						
	
	



		
		



Glossary definition opens in new window.Turnover Rate
12/31/2016













	
	
		20.72%
	



		
		



Glossary definition opens in new window.Portfolio Net Assets ($M)
6/30/2017













	
		
			
			
				$36.09
			
						
	
	



		
		



			
							
							12 Month Low-High
						
						6/30/2017











	
		
			
				$153.98			
			
			
						
	
	


 - 







	
		
			
				$174.23			
			
			
						
	
	






















Top 10 Holdings 6





            AS OF 3/31/2017
       










Top 10 Holdings












Berkshire Hathaway Inc A


						
						
							29.00%
						
						
					    	
						



FedEx Corp


						
						
							5.10%
						
						
					    	
						



Wells Fargo & Co


						
						
							4.85%
						
						
					    	
						



Ingredion Inc


						
						
							4.54%
						
						
					    	
						



Spectrum Brands Holdings Inc


						
						
							4.44%
						
						
					    	
						



Express Scripts Holding Co


						
						
							4.40%
						
						
					    	
						



Hanesbrands Inc


						
						
							4.22%
						
						
					    	
						



Laboratory Corp of America Holdings


						
						
							4.16%
						
						
					    	
						



Wyndham Worldwide Corp


						
						
							3.91%
						
						
					    	
						



CarMax Inc


						
						
							3.09%
						
						
					    	
						




							
								
								
									% of Total Portfolio
								
							
            			
            				


            				67.71%




holdings 18 as of 3/31/2017











Quarter-End Average Annual Total Returns 3, 2





             AS OF 6/30/2017; Fund Inception 12/31/2001
             
            
				
					Glossary definition opens in new window.Expense Ratio (Gross):
	
				
				
			             
             1.44% AS OF 5/1/2017
      
      



















	            	
						
						1 Yr
					 
				
 
					
						
						3 Yrs
					  
				
 
					
						
						5 Yrs
					
				

					
						
						10 Yrs
					
				

					
						
						Life
					
				



Glossary definition opens in new window.Before Taxes



Blue Chip Investor Fund

						
							15.32%
							
						
					

						
							8.41%
							
						
					

						
							12.90%
							
						
					

						
							5.61%
							
						
					

						
							5.94%
							
						
					





S&P 500



						
							
							17.90%
							
						
					

						
							
							9.61%
							
						
					

						
							
							14.63%
							
						
					

						
							
							7.18%
							
						
					

						
							
							7.09%
							
						
					




Large Blend

						
							17.17%
							
						
					

						
							7.60%
							
						
					

						
							13.35%
							
						
					

						
							6.21%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					




Glossary definition opens in new window.After Taxes on Distributions



Blue Chip Investor Fund

						
							13.53%
							
						
					

						
							7.07%
							
						
					

						
							12.03%
							
						
					

						
							5.10%
							
						
					

						
							5.35%
							
						
					


Large Blend

						
							14.75%
							
						
					

						
							5.60%
							
						
					

						
							11.65%
							
						
					

						
							5.07%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					





Glossary definition opens in new window.After taxes on distributions and sale of fund shares



Blue Chip Investor Fund

						
							9.69%
							
						
					

						
							6.32%
							
						
					

						
							10.19%
							
						
					

						
							4.40%
							
						
					

						
							4.73%
							
						
					


Large Blend

						
							9.64%
							
						
					

						
							5.23%
							
						
					

						
							10.12%
							
						
					

						
							4.59%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					












Performance & Risk










Average Annual Total Returns 7, 3, 2





			AS OF 6/30/2017; Fund Inception 12/31/2001
		


























						
							
							1 Yr
						
					

						
							
							3 Yrs
						 
					

						
							
							5 Yrs
						
					

						
							
							10 Yrs
						
					

						
							
							Life
						
					



Blue Chip Investor Fund

								
									15.32%
									
								
							

								
									8.41%
									
								
							

								
									12.90%
									
								
							

								
									5.61%
									
								
							

								
									5.94%
									
								
							




 



S&P 500



								
									17.90%
									
								
							

								
									9.61%
									
								
							

								
									14.63%
									
								
							

								
									7.18%
									
								
							

								
									7.09%
									
								
							



Large Blend

								
									17.17%
									
								
							

								
									7.60%
									
								
							

								
									13.35%
									
								
							

								
									6.21%
									
								
							

								
									
									--
								
							





Rank in Morningstar Category

								
									75%
									
								
							

								
									41%
									
								
							

								
									70%
									
								
							

								
									73%
									
								
							
--



# of Funds in Morningstar Category

								
									1392
									
								
							

								
									1223
									
								
							

								
									1080
									
								
							

								
									802
									
								
							
--


















Hypothetical Growth of $10,000 3, 4






				AS OF 6/30/2017; Morningstar Category: Large Blend









Blue Chip Investor Fund






S&P 500





Large Blend























2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017


This Fund
0.78%
-34.62%
20.63%
13.49%
-1.04%
17.36%
28.78%
12.64%
-5.01%
18.63%
4.96%


Benchmark
5.49%
-37.00%
26.46%
15.06%
2.11%
16.00%
32.39%
13.69%
1.38%
11.96%
9.34%


Category
6.16%
-37.79%
28.17%
14.01%
-1.27%
14.96%
31.50%
10.96%
-1.07%
10.37%
8.65%


+/- Benchmark
-4.71%
2.38%
-5.83%
-1.57%
-3.15%
1.36%
-3.61%
-1.05%
-6.39%
6.67%
-4.38%


+/- Category
-5.38%
3.17%
-7.54%
-0.52%
0.23%
2.40%
-2.72%
1.68%
-3.94%
8.26%
-3.69%






Compare Chart��|�� Fund Facts Search

The performance data featured represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results.  Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate; therefore, you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.  Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted.






Quarter-End Average Annual Total Returns 3, 2





             AS OF 6/30/2017; Fund Inception 12/31/2001
             
            
				
					Glossary definition opens in new window.Expense Ratio (Gross):
	
				
				
			             
             1.44% AS OF 5/1/2017
      
      



















	            	
						
						1 Yr
					 
				
 
					
						
						3 Yrs
					  
				
 
					
						
						5 Yrs
					
				

					
						
						10 Yrs
					
				

					
						
						Life
					
				



Glossary definition opens in new window.Before Taxes



Blue Chip Investor Fund

						
							15.32%
							
						
					

						
							8.41%
							
						
					

						
							12.90%
							
						
					

						
							5.61%
							
						
					

						
							5.94%
							
						
					





S&P 500



						
							
							17.90%
							
						
					

						
							
							9.61%
							
						
					

						
							
							14.63%
							
						
					

						
							
							7.18%
							
						
					

						
							
							7.09%
							
						
					




Large Blend

						
							17.17%
							
						
					

						
							7.60%
							
						
					

						
							13.35%
							
						
					

						
							6.21%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					




Glossary definition opens in new window.After Taxes on Distributions



Blue Chip Investor Fund

						
							13.53%
							
						
					

						
							7.07%
							
						
					

						
							12.03%
							
						
					

						
							5.10%
							
						
					

						
							5.35%
							
						
					


Large Blend

						
							14.75%
							
						
					

						
							5.60%
							
						
					

						
							11.65%
							
						
					

						
							5.07%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					





Glossary definition opens in new window.After taxes on distributions and sale of fund shares



Blue Chip Investor Fund

						
							9.69%
							
						
					

						
							6.32%
							
						
					

						
							10.19%
							
						
					

						
							4.40%
							
						
					

						
							4.73%
							
						
					


Large Blend

						
							9.64%
							
						
					

						
							5.23%
							
						
					

						
							10.12%
							
						
					

						
							4.59%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					











Cumulative Total Returns 2





					AS OF 6/30/2017					
				


















YTD (Daily)*
												
																						
										
										

YTD (Monthly)
												
											
										
										

1 Month


3 Months


6 Months



Blue Chip Investor Fund

											
												5.09%
											
											
										

											
												4.96%
											
											
										

											
												2.80%
											
											
										

											
												3.55%
											
											
										

											
												4.96%
											
											
										





S&P 500



											
											
													--
												
										

											
												9.34%
											
											
										

											
												0.62%
											
											
										

											
												3.09%
											
											
										

											
												9.34%
											
											
										


Large Blend

											
											
													--
												
										

											
												8.65%
											
											
										

											
												0.76%
											
											
										

											
												2.92%
											
											
										

											
												8.65%
											
											
										




	  					*AS OF 7/20/2017
	  				








 


Risk


LOW
AVG
HIGH


Low


This fund scores Low because Morningstar has rated its risk below the 20th percentile when compared to other funds within its Morningstar category.




How is it calculated?


Risk is calculated using the Sharpe ratio, which compares portfolio returns to a rate comparable to U.S. Treasury bonds, relative to the fund's overall volatility. For this measure, Morningstar has compared the Sharpe ratio of this fund against all other funds that invest in it's Morningstar Category.




What does it mean?


A higher Sharpe implies better risk-adjusted returns. Therefore, if a fund has a Sharpe ratio higher than its category average, it's returns relative to it's risk were better than other similar funds. If its Sharpe ratio is lower, that's usually a sign that the risk-adjusted returns were lower than other similar funds.










 


Returns


LOW
AVG
HIGH


Average


This fund scores Average because it delivered returns that were in the middle 35% when compared to other funds within its Morningstar category.





How is it calculated?



This rating is based on a fund's Morningstar Return (its annualized return in excess to the return of the 90-day U.S. Treasury bill over a three-, five-, or ten-year period). The Morningstar Returns in each category are then scored against each other on a bell curve. In each Morningstar Category:� top 10% - High� next 22.5% - Above Average� middle 35% - Average� next 22.5% - Below Average� bottom 10% - Low




What does it mean?



While past performance is no guarantee of future results, the Morningstar Return shows how the fund has done in the past in comparison to similar funds in its peer group. It does not, however, show the effects of risk.Therefore, the Morningstar Return is most helpful when used in conjunction with the Morningstar Risk Score. For example, an investor could use these two scores when comparing between funds that have the same Morningstar Star Rating and similar Morningstar Risk Adjusted Returns but different levels of risk.










 


Risk of this Type of Fund


LOWER
HIGHER





Morningstar assigns a risk level to each of its mutual fund categories. These risk levels range from 1 for those funds with least amount of risk to 10 for those with the greatest amount of risk.






How is it calculated?



Morningstar calculates these risk levels by looking at the Morningstar Risk of the funds in the Category over the previous 5-year period. Morningstar Risk is the difference between the Morningstar Return, based on fund total returns, and the Morningstar Risk Adjusted Return, based on fund total returns adjusted for performance volatility. The Category Risk Level is based on the equal weighted average Morningstar Risk of the funds in the category.  Morningstar's Research Committee evaluates the Category Morningstar Risk and assigns the Category Risk Level after further qualitative judgment.




What does it mean?



This score can help you understand the risk involved with a particular Morningstar category of funds, which may be helpful in evaluating the risk associated with a specific investment. The Category Risk Level is based on the equal weighted average performance of the funds in the category. It does not reflect the risk associated with any individual fund or the relative risk of a fund within a particular Morningstar category.  Because the score is based on past performance, it may not reflect the future risk of the category. In addition to risk, you should evaluate a fund's investment objective, strategy, fees and other characteristics before making your investment decision.Learn more








Fund Risk and Return




					
			          	
			          		AS OF 6/30/2017; Morningstar Category: Large Blend









 Return of this Fund within Morningstar Category



LOW
AVG
HIGH







 Risk of this Fund within Morningstar Category



LOW
AVG
HIGH







Risk of this Category


LOWERHIGHER













Risk



Value and growth stocks can perform differently from other types of stocks. Growth stocks can be more volatile. Value stocks can continue to be undervalued by the market for long periods of time. Stock markets are volatile and can decline significantly in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, economic or other developments. These risks may be magnified in foreign markets. Additional risk information for this product may be found in the prospectus or other product materials, if available.






Volatility Measures












Glossary definition opens in new window.Beta

0.78



							AS OF 6/30/2017
						








Glossary definition opens in new window.R2

0.77



							AS OF 6/30/2017
						








Glossary definition opens in new window.Sharpe Ratio

0.89



							AS OF 6/30/2017
						








Glossary definition opens in new window.Standard Deviation

9.22



							AS OF 6/30/2017
						











Historical Fund Performance 2





			Most recent year's data as of: 6/30/2017
		

















									
										
										Year
									
								

									
										
										Total Returns
									
								

									
										
										Capital Gains
									
								

Glossary definition opens in new window.Dividends


Glossary definition opens in new window.Share Class Net Assets ($M)



2017

									
										
											4.96%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
											$36.09
										
										
																		
								




2016

									
										
											18.63%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$9.49399		
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$0.43772																				
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$32.38
										
										
																		
								




2015

									
										
											-5.01%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$9.16017		
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$0.06077																				
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$26.62
										
										
																		
								




2014

									
										
											12.64%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$5.04361		
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
											$26.60
										
										
																		
								




2013

									
										
											28.78%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
											$0.00238																				
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$22.75
										
										
																		
								




2012

									
										
											17.36%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
											$16.61
										
										
																		
								




2011

									
										
											-1.04%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								




2010

									
										
											13.49%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								




2009

									
										
											20.63%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								




2008

									
										
											-34.62%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								











Ratings




Morningstar Ratings





				AS OF 6/30/2017;
				
				Morningstar Category: Large Blend











Overall



				Out of
				
1,223
funds







3 Yrs


Out of
1,223
funds







5 Yrs



				Out of
1,080
funds







10 Yrs



				Out of
802
funds









The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. (Exchange-traded funds and open-end mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes.) It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of  funds in each fund category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.







Lipper Ranking





		    	AS OF 6/30/2017; 
		    	
		    	LIPPER PEER GROUP: Growth











1 Yr



#2,262
out of
2,944
funds
               
            







5 Yrs



#1,290
out of
2,205
funds
                
            







10 Yrs



#907
out of
1,437
funds
              
            








The fund is ranked based on total return. Each fund is ranked within a universe of funds with similar investment objectives. Rankings include the reinvestment of dividends and capital gains but exclude the effect of a fund's sales load, if applicable. Lipper Inc. is a nationally recognized organization that ranks the performance of mutual funds.Past performance is no guarantee of future results.










Composition





Major Market Sectors 6





		AS OF 3/31/2017

















Glossary definition opens in new window.Portfolio Weight


										Large Blend								
										



Financial Services

										41.58%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			17.27%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Consumer Cyclical

										19.49%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			11.17%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Consumer Defensive

										10.33%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			9.18%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Healthcare

										9.85%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			14.07%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Technology

										6.55%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			18.64%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Industrials

										5.86%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			11.28%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Communication Services

										3.25%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			3.92%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Energy

										3.08%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			6.59%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Basic Materials

										0.00%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			3.34%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Real Estate

										0.00%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			1.97%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Utilities

										0.00%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			2.58%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										
















Asset Allocation 6





		
					AS OF 3/31/2017; Morningstar Category: Large Blend




















								
									
									
										Fund
									
								
							



							Category Average
							







										
										
																		
									Cash

									
									
										13.08%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										1.78%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Convertibles

									
									
										0.00%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.00%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Domestic Bond

									
									
										0.00%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.27%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Preferred Stock

									
									
										0.00%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.04%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Foreign Bond

									
									
										0.00%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.01%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Foreign Stock

									
									
										2.68%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										3.10%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Others

									
									
										0.00%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.12%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Domestic Stock

									
									
										84.25%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										94.68%
																				
							        		 
								    












Top 10 Holdings 6





       		AS OF 3/31/2017
   			

















Berkshire Hathaway Inc A


								
								
									29.00%
								
								
							    	
								



FedEx Corp


								
								
									5.10%
								
								
							    	
								



Wells Fargo & Co


								
								
									4.85%
								
								
							    	
								



Ingredion Inc


								
								
									4.54%
								
								
							    	
								



Spectrum Brands Holdings Inc


								
								
									4.44%
								
								
							    	
								



Express Scripts Holding Co


								
								
									4.40%
								
								
							    	
								



Hanesbrands Inc


								
								
									4.22%
								
								
							    	
								



Laboratory Corp of America Holdings


								
								
									4.16%
								
								
							    	
								



Wyndham Worldwide Corp


								
								
									3.91%
								
								
							    	
								



CarMax Inc


								
								
									3.09%
								
								
							    	
								




								
									
									
										% of Total Portfolio
									
								
								

67.71%




holdings 18 as of 3/31/2017













Equity StyleMap®* 8




AS OF 3/31/2017










        			Capitalization
        		







LG





MD





SM






Value
Blend
Growth







				Style
            


 Current
                

 Historical
                




Large Value
Invest in companies with market values greater than $10 billion that fund managers believe have been undervalued by the market. Value can be determined by a variety of measures, including price-to-earnings ratio, price-to-book ratio, or dividend yield.




*86.92% 
     
		
			
			
				Fund Assets Covered
			
		
    





Regional Diversification 9, 6




AS OF 3/31/2017





Africa

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



Asia - Developed

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



Asia - Emerging

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



Australasia

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



Canada

				
					
						3.08%
					
					
				
			



Europe - Emerging

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



United States

				
					
						96.92%
					
					
				
			



Eurozone

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



Japan

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



Latin America

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



Middle East

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



United Kingdom

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



Europe - ex Euro

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			









Country Diversification 6




AS OF 3/31/2017





United States

			96.92%



Canada

			3.08%









Fund Facts












Glossary definition opens in new window.Fiscal Year End

December








					
						
						
							Fund Inception
						
					
				
12/31/2001








Glossary definition opens in new window.Portfolio Net Assets ($M)


					$36.09
				

6/30/2017









					
						
						
							Fund Symbol
						
					
				
BCIFX








Glossary definition opens in new window.Order Cutoff Time

04:00 PM EST







Prospectus & Reports










	
		
			Fees and Distributions
		
		
	
	









Expenses & Fees













Glossary definition opens in new window.Exp Ratio (Gross)

1.44%
			
($14.40 per $1000)


			5/1/2017
			










Glossary definition opens in new window.Exp Ratio (Net)

1.01%
			
($10.10 per $1000)



			5/1/2017	
			








Glossary definition opens in new window.Contractual Exp Waiver (Dated) 10



		0.43%
		
			($4.30 per $1000)


5/1/2017
















Glossary definition opens in new window.Distribution and/or service fee(12b-1) Fees

0.00%













		
					
						Transaction Fee (Online) 1

$49.95









































See prospectus for more information on Fees, Expenses & Loads.






Minimums











				
					
					
						Initial Investment
					
				
				



					$5,000.00
				








				
					
					
						Additional Investment
					
									
			

				$250.00
				







				
					
					
						Initial IRA Investment
					
									
			

				$5,000.00
				






			
				
				Additional IRA Investment
			
		
		
			$250.00
			
		




			
				
					Initial Group Retirement Investment 5

		
			$500.00
			
				






			
				
				Additional Group Retirement Investment
			
		
		
			$250.00
			
		









Features










Glossary definition opens in new window.Simple IRA















Distribution









Dividend History









Date
										
									
								
								



Per Share Amount

											
										
									
									




									
										
										
											Reinvestment Price										
										
									
									




12/29/16

									
									
								
								
									
										$0.43772
									
									
								
								

									
										$161.16
									
									
								


12/29/15

									
									
								
								
									
										$0.06077
									
									
								
								

									
										$145.59
									
									
								


12/27/13

									
									
								
								
									
										$0.00238
									
									
								
								

									
										$146.91
									
									
								












 Capital Gains History 









Date
								
							
							


Per Share Amount
										
									
								
								


Reinvestment Price
										
									
								
								




12/29/16

								
								
							

							
								
									$9.49399
								
								
							
							

								
									$161.16
								
								
							


12/29/15

								
								
							

							
								
									$9.16017
								
								
							
							

								
									$145.59
								
								
							


12/29/14

								
								
							

							
								
									$5.04361
								
								
							
							

								
									$162.73
								
								
							










Pricing




AS OF 6/30/2017









Glossary definition opens in new window.NAV










	
		
			
				$169.01			
			
			
						
	
	







					 7/20/2017












						
							
							
								12 Month Low-High
							
						
					
				

								







	
		
			
				$153.98			
			
			
						
	
	



								-
								







	
		
			
				$174.23			
			
			
						
	
	



							







						
							
							
								On
							
						
				 6/30/2017
				
				 

					







	
		
			
				$168.80			
			
			
						
	
	



				






Chart Fund Price (NAV)






Price History By Month











						
							
							
								Actual Values:
							
						              	
              	 Jun. 2017
              	 
						
							
							
								to
							
						  
              	   Jun. 2016
              	   














						
							
							
								Close
							
						 
                 




						
							
							
								Low
							
						 
                 




						
							
							
								High
							
						 
                 




Jun

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$168.80			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$165.50			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$168.80			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


May

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$164.21			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$161.41			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$164.75			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Apr

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$162.58			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$160.16			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$163.57			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Mar

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$163.01			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$162.22			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$168.37			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Feb

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$164.96			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$159.64			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$165.93			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Jan

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$162.53			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$159.91			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$163.89			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Dec

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$160.82			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$160.82			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$174.23			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Nov

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$167.94			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$156.55			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$168.74			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Oct

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$158.73			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$157.71			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$160.04			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Sep

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$159.76			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$157.68			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$163.39			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Aug

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$163.04			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$158.50			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$163.14			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Jul

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$159.98			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$153.98			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$159.98			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Jun

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$155.39			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$148.31			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$156.55			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	













Watch a brief video to learn about using the new mutual fund library to evaluate funds

� 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The Morningstar information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or redistributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Fidelity does not review the Morningstar data and, for fund performance, you should check the fund's current prospectus or other product materials for the most up-to-date information concerning applicable loads, fees and expenses.

The "Mutual Funds" area at the top of each page allows access to mutual fund holdings with individual and joint Fidelity non-retirement accounts. Individual stock positions, ETFs and 529 funds are not available through this view. For the full list of your holdings visit Portfolio Summary.Mutual Funds are priced as of the previous business day's market close when the market is open. Mutual fund positions are priced as of the official market close (typically 4p.m.) and prices are generally available between 5 p.m. and 6p.m.

The performance data featured represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results.  Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate; therefore, you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.  Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted.











1. Transaction Fee:A transaction fee is similar to a  brokerage fee or commission which you pay when you buy or sell a stock. For some funds available through Fidelity you are required to pay a transaction fee. However, you will not pay a sales load on Transaction Fee (TF) funds. You will only be charged a transaction fee when you buy a FundsNetwork TF fund, not when you sell one. All other fees and expenses described in a fund's prospectus still apply. You can choose to buy or sell shares directly from the fund itself or its principal underwriter or distributor without paying a transaction fee to Fidelity.Online Transaction Fees:  $49.95 for most funds.  Certain funds will have a transaction fee of $75. To identify any applicable transaction fees associated with the purchase of a given fund, please refer to the "Fees and Distributions" tab.Fidelity Automated Service Telephone (FAST): 25% off representative-assisted rates, Maximum: $187.50, Minimum:$75Representative-Assisted: 0.75% of principal, Maximum: $250, Minimum: $100Automatic Investment: $5 per transaction, after the initial investment.Sales load:A sales charge added to the price of the fund.  Funds have different sales charge structures, including front-end loads, back-end loads (deferred), and no loads. Sales loads can either be charged when a fund is purchased, commonly known as a front-end load, or when a fund is sold, known as a deferred load. Not  all funds charge a load. Refer to the Loads, Expense and Minimums section of the fund's prospectus for details on these amounts. Although no load funds do not have a front-end or deferred load, they may incur other fees, such as a 12b-1 fee.
2. Total returns are historical and include change in share value and reinvestment of dividends and capital gains, if any. Cumulative total returns are reported as of the period indicated.  Life of fund figures are reported as of the commencement date to the period indicated and are cumulative if the fund is less than one year old. Total returns do not reflect the fund's [%] sales charge. If sales charges were included, total returns would have been lower.
3. The Morningstar Category Average is the average return for the peer group based on the returns of each individual fund within the group, for the period shown. This average assumes reinvestment of dividends.
4. This chart illustrates the performance of a hypothetical $10,000 investment made in this investment product (and a benchmark or category average, if shown) from the beginning date shown or on the inception date of the product (whichever is later).  The inception date used for products with underlying funds, or multiple shares classes, or are offered as a separate account, strategy or sub account, may be the inception date of the underlying fund, the earliest share class of the product, or the date composite performance for the product was first made available. The product's returns may not reflect all its expenses. Any fees not reflected would lower the returns. Benchmark returns include reinvestment of capital gains and dividends, if any, but do not reflect any fees or expenses. It is not possible to invest in an index. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. This chart is not intended to imply any future performance of the investment product.
5. Initial minimum investments into group retirement accounts such as Fidelity Simplified Employee Pension-IRA, Keogh, Self-Employed 401(k), and Non-Fidelity Prototype Retirement accounts are $500 or higher. Additional investments into Regular, IRA, and Group accounts are $250 or higher.
6. Any holdings, asset allocation, diversification breakdowns or other composition data shown are as of the date indicated and are subject to change at any time. They may not be representative of the fund's current or future investments. Some breakdowns may be intentionally limited to a particular asset class or other subset of the fund's entire portfolio, particularly in multi-asset class funds where the attributes of the equity and fixed income portions are different. Under the asset allocation section, international (or foreign) assets may be reported differently depending on how an investment options reports its holdings.  Some do not report international (or foreign) holdings here, but instead report them in a "Regional Diversification" section.  Some report them in this section as an to the equity, bond and other allocation shown.  Others report international (or foreign) holding as a subset of the equity and bond allocations shown.  If the allocation without the foreign component (or round to) 100%, then international (or foreign) is a subset of the equity and bond percentage shown.
7. Percent Rank in Category is the fund's total-return percentile rank relative to all funds that have the same Morningstar Category.  The highest (or most favorable) percentile rank is 1 and the lowest (or least favorable) percentile rank is 100. The top-performing fund in a category will always receive a rank of 1. % Rank in Category is based on total returns which include reinvested dividends and capital gains, if any, and exclude sales charges.
8. StyleMap� depictions of mutual fund characteristics are produced using data and calculations provided by Morningstar, Inc. StyleMapsSM estimate characteristics of a fund's equity holdings over two dimensions: market capitalization and valuation. The percentage of fund assets represented by these holdings is indicated beside each StyleMap. Current StyleMap characteristics are calculated each time Morningstar receives updated portfolio holdings from a fund and are denoted with a dot. Historical StyleMap characteristics are calculated for the shorter of either the past 3 years or the life of the fund, and are represented by the shading of the box(es) previously occupied by the dot. StyleMap characteristics represent an approximate profile of the fund's equity holdings (e.g., domestic stocks, foreign stocks, and American Depositary Receipts), are based on historical data, and are not predictive of the fund's future investments. Although the data are gathered from reliable sources, accuracy and completeness cannot be guaranteed.
9. Please note Regional Diversification information is based on the equity components only.
10. Expense caps and waivers are limits that the fund company has placed on the level of the expenses borne by the fund until 4/30/2018 and indicates the maximum level of expenses (with certain exceptions) that the fund would be paying until that time. After the expiration date, the expense cap and/or waiver may be terminated or revised, which may lower the fund's yield and return.


Generally, data on Fidelity mutual funds is provided by FMR, LLC, Morningstar ratings and data on non-Fidelity mutual funds is provided by Morningstar, Inc. and data on non-mutual fund products is provided by the product's investment manager, trustee or issuer or the plan sponsor whose plan is offering the product to  participants.  Although Fidelity believes the data gathered from these third-party sources is reliable, it does not review such information and cannot warrant it to be accurate, complete or timely.  Fidelity is not responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this third-party information.

Before investing, consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the fund or annuity and its investment options. Contact Fidelity for a free prospectus and, if available, summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.





© 1998 - 2017 FMR LLC.All rights reserved.Terms of UsePrivacySecuritySite Map









 








BCIFX Composition - Blue Chip Investor Fund | Fidelity Investments


























Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 

















You are here: 

Home»
Research»
Mutual Funds »










Prospectus & Reports



Email


 



 Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas) 






 Your Email Address 






 Message (Optional) 
  

 


 Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know.										It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email.										All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf.The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: " 




Email






Your email has been sent.







 Share






Clicking a link will open a new window.


Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn






Email
Share

Default text sizeA
Larger text sizeA
Largest text sizeA













Blue Chip Investor Fund


Symbol: BCIFX




									
										
											Transaction Fee/Load 1

			
																	
									








		
						
									
					
											
					 See Fund Picks from Fidelity� for no transaction fee alternatives












           		Add to Watch List





				Compare
















































Major Market Sectors 2





		AS OF 3/31/2017

















Glossary definition opens in new window.Portfolio Weight


										Large Blend								
										



Financial Services

										41.58%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			17.27%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Consumer Cyclical

										19.49%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			11.17%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Consumer Defensive

										10.33%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			9.18%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Healthcare

										9.85%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			14.07%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Technology

										6.55%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			18.64%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Industrials

										5.86%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			11.28%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Communication Services

										3.25%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			3.92%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Energy

										3.08%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			6.59%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Basic Materials

										0.00%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			3.34%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Real Estate

										0.00%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			1.97%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Utilities

										0.00%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			2.58%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										
















Asset Allocation 2





		
					AS OF 3/31/2017; Morningstar Category: Large Blend




















								
									
									
										Fund
									
								
							



							Category Average
							







										
										
																		
									Cash

									
									
										13.08%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										1.78%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Convertibles

									
									
										0.00%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.00%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Domestic Bond

									
									
										0.00%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.27%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Preferred Stock

									
									
										0.00%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.04%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Foreign Bond

									
									
										0.00%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.01%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Foreign Stock

									
									
										2.68%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										3.10%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Others

									
									
										0.00%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.12%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Domestic Stock

									
									
										84.25%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										94.68%
																				
							        		 
								    












Top 10 Holdings 2





       		AS OF 3/31/2017
   			

















Berkshire Hathaway Inc A


								
								
									29.00%
								
								
							    	
								



FedEx Corp


								
								
									5.10%
								
								
							    	
								



Wells Fargo & Co


								
								
									4.85%
								
								
							    	
								



Ingredion Inc


								
								
									4.54%
								
								
							    	
								



Spectrum Brands Holdings Inc


								
								
									4.44%
								
								
							    	
								



Express Scripts Holding Co


								
								
									4.40%
								
								
							    	
								



Hanesbrands Inc


								
								
									4.22%
								
								
							    	
								



Laboratory Corp of America Holdings


								
								
									4.16%
								
								
							    	
								



Wyndham Worldwide Corp


								
								
									3.91%
								
								
							    	
								



CarMax Inc


								
								
									3.09%
								
								
							    	
								




								
									
									
										% of Total Portfolio
									
								
								

67.71%




holdings 18 as of 3/31/2017













Equity StyleMap®* 3




AS OF 3/31/2017










        			Capitalization
        		







LG





MD





SM






Value
Blend
Growth







				Style
            


 Current
                

 Historical
                




Large Value
Invest in companies with market values greater than $10 billion that fund managers believe have been undervalued by the market. Value can be determined by a variety of measures, including price-to-earnings ratio, price-to-book ratio, or dividend yield.




*86.92% 
     
		
			
			
				Fund Assets Covered
			
		
    





Regional Diversification 4, 2




AS OF 3/31/2017





Africa

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



Asia - Developed

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



Asia - Emerging

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



Australasia

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



Canada

				
					
						3.08%
					
					
				
			



Europe - Emerging

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



United States

				
					
						96.92%
					
					
				
			



Eurozone

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



Japan

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



Latin America

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



Middle East

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



United Kingdom

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



Europe - ex Euro

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			









Country Diversification 2




AS OF 3/31/2017





United States

			96.92%



Canada

			3.08%









Fund Facts












Glossary definition opens in new window.Fiscal Year End

December








					
						
						
							Fund Inception
						
					
				
12/31/2001








Glossary definition opens in new window.Portfolio Net Assets ($M)


					$36.09
				

6/30/2017









					
						
						
							Fund Symbol
						
					
				
BCIFX








Glossary definition opens in new window.Order Cutoff Time

04:00 PM EST







Prospectus & Reports








The "Mutual Funds" area at the top of each page allows access to mutual fund holdings with individual and joint Fidelity non-retirement accounts. Individual stock positions, ETFs and 529 funds are not available through this view. For the full list of your holdings visit Portfolio Summary.Mutual Funds are priced as of the previous business day's market close when the market is open. Mutual fund positions are priced as of the official market close (typically 4p.m.) and prices are generally available between 5 p.m. and 6p.m.

Watch a brief video to learn about using the new mutual fund library to evaluate funds

� 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The Morningstar information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or redistributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Fidelity does not review the Morningstar data and, for fund performance, you should check the fund's current prospectus or other product materials for the most up-to-date information concerning applicable loads, fees and expenses.



1. Transaction Fee:A transaction fee is similar to a  brokerage fee or commission which you pay when you buy or sell a stock. For some funds available through Fidelity you are required to pay a transaction fee. However, you will not pay a sales load on Transaction Fee (TF) funds. You will only be charged a transaction fee when you buy a FundsNetwork TF fund, not when you sell one. All other fees and expenses described in a fund's prospectus still apply. You can choose to buy or sell shares directly from the fund itself or its principal underwriter or distributor without paying a transaction fee to Fidelity.Online Transaction Fees:  $49.95 for most funds.  Certain funds will have a transaction fee of $75. To identify any applicable transaction fees associated with the purchase of a given fund, please refer to the "Fees and Distributions" tab.Fidelity Automated Service Telephone (FAST): 25% off representative-assisted rates, Maximum: $187.50, Minimum:$75Representative-Assisted: 0.75% of principal, Maximum: $250, Minimum: $100Automatic Investment: $5 per transaction, after the initial investment.Sales load:A sales charge added to the price of the fund.  Funds have different sales charge structures, including front-end loads, back-end loads (deferred), and no loads. Sales loads can either be charged when a fund is purchased, commonly known as a front-end load, or when a fund is sold, known as a deferred load. Not  all funds charge a load. Refer to the Loads, Expense and Minimums section of the fund's prospectus for details on these amounts. Although no load funds do not have a front-end or deferred load, they may incur other fees, such as a 12b-1 fee.
2. Any holdings, asset allocation, diversification breakdowns or other composition data shown are as of the date indicated and are subject to change at any time. They may not be representative of the fund's current or future investments. Some breakdowns may be intentionally limited to a particular asset class or other subset of the fund's entire portfolio, particularly in multi-asset class funds where the attributes of the equity and fixed income portions are different. Under the asset allocation section, international (or foreign) assets may be reported differently depending on how an investment options reports its holdings.  Some do not report international (or foreign) holdings here, but instead report them in a "Regional Diversification" section.  Some report them in this section as an to the equity, bond and other allocation shown.  Others report international (or foreign) holding as a subset of the equity and bond allocations shown.  If the allocation without the foreign component (or round to) 100%, then international (or foreign) is a subset of the equity and bond percentage shown.
3. StyleMap� depictions of mutual fund characteristics are produced using data and calculations provided by Morningstar, Inc. StyleMapsSM estimate characteristics of a fund's equity holdings over two dimensions: market capitalization and valuation. The percentage of fund assets represented by these holdings is indicated beside each StyleMap. Current StyleMap characteristics are calculated each time Morningstar receives updated portfolio holdings from a fund and are denoted with a dot. Historical StyleMap characteristics are calculated for the shorter of either the past 3 years or the life of the fund, and are represented by the shading of the box(es) previously occupied by the dot. StyleMap characteristics represent an approximate profile of the fund's equity holdings (e.g., domestic stocks, foreign stocks, and American Depositary Receipts), are based on historical data, and are not predictive of the fund's future investments. Although the data are gathered from reliable sources, accuracy and completeness cannot be guaranteed.
4. Please note Regional Diversification information is based on the equity components only.


Generally, data on Fidelity mutual funds is provided by FMR, LLC, Morningstar ratings and data on non-Fidelity mutual funds is provided by Morningstar, Inc. and data on non-mutual fund products is provided by the product's investment manager, trustee or issuer or the plan sponsor whose plan is offering the product to  participants.  Although Fidelity believes the data gathered from these third-party sources is reliable, it does not review such information and cannot warrant it to be accurate, complete or timely.  Fidelity is not responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this third-party information.

Before investing, consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the fund or annuity and its investment options. Contact Fidelity for a free prospectus and, if available, summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.








Find a mutual fund


Search by Fund Name, Fund Symbol, Fund Family, or Top 10 Holding








Similar Funds



Morningstar Category: Large Blend





				There are no similar Fidelity Fund Picks in this Morningstar Category.
			

Compare funds to BCIFX
Compare



						You must select between one and five funds to compare.
					

						You must select between one and four funds to compare.
					




						You may select a maximum of five mutual funds.
					

						You may select a maximum of four mutual funds.
					




				The Fidelity Fund Picks above are sorted by their 3-year performance.			
			





My Mutual Funds




					
						
							In order to view funds in your portfolio, you must first log in . Please note this feature requires that you have a specific type of Fidelity account, such as a brokerage account, IRA, or other non-workplace account.
						
							
					
					







© 1998 - 2017 FMR LLC.All rights reserved.Terms of UsePrivacySecuritySite Map



















Mutual Funds Research | Fidelity Investments









Loading...














Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 













 You are here: 

Home »
Mutual Funds Research
























Mutual Funds Research


Search funds by name, symbol, family, or Top 10 Holding Find a mutual fund
										










									You need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser to access this content.
								







 Gathering Results


NEW - Organize and track your favorite funds with My Research. Get Started  .


SEARCH AND COMPARE FUNDS








Learn more














* Compared to Morningstar category average








MatchingFunds



























Questions?
800-343-3548

Instant message a representative



Why choose Fidelity?
Investing with Fidelity gives you access to over 10,000 funds from hundreds of fund companies, making it easy to find the right funds for any investment need.

Learn more about investing with Fidelity



Education

What are Mutual Funds?
Types of Mutual Funds



Learn More

My Research 
Fidelity funds daily prices
Browse Fidelity funds
Browse all Funds




























© 1998 – 2015 FMR LLC.
All rights reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map












 









	SBI Bluechip Fund, Large Cap Equity Funds | SBI Mutual Fund







































































































                    Turn on more accessible mode
                



                    Turn off more accessible mode
                












                                Your current set preference is '
                                    
                                    
                                    



                                .'  To change it, simply click the '                                                                                                             



                                ' button at the top of your screen.                               
                                                                                            
X
                            
                                
                                







                                        I AM
                                    
                                        
                                        



AN INDIVIDUAL INVESTOR
                                        
                                            
                                            
An Institutional Investor
                                        
                                            
                                            
A Partner
                                        
                                            





NEW TO INVESTING
                                        
                                            
                                            
NEW TO SBI MF
                                        
                                            
                                            
SBI MF INVESTOR
                                        
                                            
                                            














e
                                                
                                                

-KYC                                                                                        




Distributor Empanelment Forms
                                        
                                        
                                            
                                            
                                            







Register
                                        
                                        
                                            
                                            






invest now
                                        
                                        
                                            
                                            






login
                                    
                                        
                                        
                                            
                                            




logout
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                            
                                            




En
                                        
                                        
                                            
                                            


































Investment Solutions
                                                
                                                    
                                                    


Investment
                                                        
                                                            
                                                            
Solutions
                                                        
                                                            
                                                            

                                                            Find investment schemes ideal
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                



                                                            to meet your needs, goals and dreams
                                                                                                                                                                                



All Schemes
                                                                
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    















Equity Schemes
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                


                                                                            Medium and long term equity
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                




                                                                            investments for capital growth
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                












Hybrid Schemes
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                


                                                                            Mix of debt and equity investments
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                




                                                                            to offer income and growth
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                












Exchange Traded Schemes
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                


                                                                            Stock exchange trading of investments in baskets of securities
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            













Debt Schemes
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                


                                                                            Debt asset investments aimed at
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                




                                                                            regular and steady income
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                












Liquid Schemes
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                


                                                                            Focused investments in short-term
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                




                                                                            instruments and cash assets
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                












Fund of Funds
                                                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                


                                                                            Schemes that invests in other schemes of the same or another fund
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            













New Fund Offer
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                


                                                                            Subscriptions open for our New
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                




                                                                            Fund Offer
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                











Fixed Maturity Plans
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                


                                                                            Close ended debt schemes with a
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                




                                                                            fixed maturity date
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                










 Plan your Investments
                                                
                                                
                                                    
                                                    


Plan your
                                                        
                                                        
                                                            
                                                            
Investments
                                                        
                                                        
                                                            
                                                            

                                                            Tools and calculators to let you assess
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                




                                                            investment patterns and amounts
                                                                                                                                                                                













Family Solutions Tool
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                


                                                                            Plan for your life goals with a simple, efficient tool
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                




                                                                            that helps you invest better
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                











Returns Value Calculator
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                


                                                                            Find out what the returns on your current
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                




                                                                            investments will be valued at, in future
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                













Systematic Investment Planner
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                


                                                                            Get a plan to invest a fixed amount every month and achieve your desired savings
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            











Ways to Invest
                                                
                                                
                                                    
                                                    


Ways to
                                                        
                                                        
                                                            
                                                            
Invest
                                                        
                                                        
                                                            
                                                            

                                                            Enjoy hassle-free investing on different
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                




                                                            channels and devices
                                                                                                                                                                                













Online
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                


                                                                            Invest online and complete mutual fund transactions in a few simple clicks. 
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            











Mobile
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                


                                                                            Invest, earn returns and plan for your dreams, anytime, anywhere, with the SBI MF mobile app.
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            













Offline
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                


                                                                            Reach out to our wide network of branches, distributors and agents, to invest in mutual funds 
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            











m-Easy
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                


                                                                            Use m-Easy to invest, redeem and switch schemes, through a simple SMS.
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            










Learn with Fund Guru
                                                
                                                
                                                    
                                                    


















Mutual Fund Guide
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                


                                                                            Watch videos to learn the basic details and benefits of mutual funds 
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            











Jargon Simplified
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                


                                                                            Understand financial and technical terms in the simplest of ways
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            













Knowledge Series
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                


                                                                            Get clear and concise insights on the concept and working of mutual funds 
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            











Fun with Mutual Funds
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                


                                                                            Try some fun puzzles and games to test your knowledge of mutual funds
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            













Tips and Articles
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                


                                                                            Read tips and articles to help you invest better and live happier 
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            











FAQs
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                


                                                                            Get quick, easy answers to common, mutual fund related questions
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            













Videos
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                


                                                                            Watch Fund Guru make mutual funds simple and interesting 
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            











Quick Takes
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                


                                                                            Plan your financial investment journey with Mutual Funds 
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                            










Investor Corner
                                                
                                                
                                                    
                                                    


Investor
                                                        
                                                        
                                                            
                                                            
Corner
                                                        
                                                        
                                                            
                                                            

                                                            Complete transactions, service
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                




                                                            requests and manage your investment                                                               
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            




                                                            portfolio
                                                                                                                                                                                












                                                                Investor Services                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                











Redeemed Scheme Details
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                


                                                                            Redeem close ended schemes matured before 2004
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            










Non-financial Transactions
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                


                                                                            Update details and check status
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            



Check Status
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                        
                                                                                        


Request Service
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                        
                                                                                        













Know Your Customer
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                


                                                                            Get KYC complied and enjoy access
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                




                                                                            to a range of investment services
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                












Undelivered Warrant Status
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                


                                                                            Check any dividend or redemption payout that you haven't received
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            










Electronic Clearance Service (ECS)
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                


                                                                            Transfer dividends and payout directly to your bank account with ECS
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            










Statement of Account
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                


                                                                            Get the latest statement of your account and investment activities
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            












Subscribe
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                


                                                                            Subscribe to stay updated on latest product information and news
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            










Complaint Redressal Report
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                


                                                                            Get an overview of complaints received by us, and their redressal status
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            










Unclaimed Dividend and Redemption Amount
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                


                                                                            Check if you have any dividend or redemption amount left to be claimed
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            












Updation of FATCA Details
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                


                                                                            Update FATCA details in order to be compliant with Indian and USA tax laws
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            










Investment Options
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                


                                                                            Explore different mutual fund investment options that meet your varied needs
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            










Investor Grievance Redressal
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                


                                                                            Know the procedure to get your queries / grievances resolved.
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            










Transmission Procedure
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                


                                                                           Check documents and procedure to transmit investment units to surviving holders
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            















                                                                        Investor Awareness
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Programmes
                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            


|
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                    
                                                                    








                                                                        NRI Corner
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

|
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                    
                                                                    








                                                                        Newsletters 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

|
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                    
                                                                    








                                                                        Videos
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    









My Portfolio
                                                
                                                    
                                                    

















e
                                                        
                                                        

-KYC
                                                
                                                                                                                                                        


Register
                                                
                                                    
                                                    


invest now
                                                
                                                    
                                                    


login
                                                
                                                    
                                                    


logout
                                                
                                                    
                                                    






























Register
                                
                                    
                                    

|
                            
                                
                                

Login
                                
                                
                                    
                                    


Logout
                                
                                
                                    
                                    














                            Invest Now                                                                                                               


an individual Investor 
                                
                                
                                
                                












                                    Investment Solutions                                                                                                                                                                 












                                                Back                                                                                                                                                                                                


All Schemes
                                            
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    










                                                Equity Schemes                                                                                                                                                                                                









                                                Debt Schemes                                                                                                                                                                                                









                                                Hybrid Schemes                                                                                                                                                                                                









                                                Liquid Schemes                                                                                                                                                                                                









                                                Exchange Traded Schemes                                                                                                                                                                                                









                                                Fixed Maturity Plans                                                                                                                                                                                                









                                                New Fund Offer                                                                                                                                                                                                











                                    Plan your Investments                                                                                                                                                                  












                                                Back                                                                                                                                                                                                


View All
                                            
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    










                                                Family Solutions Tool                                                                                                                                                                                                









                                                Systematic Investment Planner                                                                                                                                                                                                









                                                Returns Value Calculator                                                                                                                                                                                                












                                    Ways to Invest                                                                                                                                                                  












                                                Back                                                                                                                                                                                                


View All
                                            
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    










                                                Online                                                                                                                                                                                                









                                                Offline                                                                                                                                                                                                









                                                Mobile                                                                                                                                                                                                









                                                m-Easy                                                                                                                                                                                                











                                    Learn with Fund Guru                                                                                                                                                                 












                                                Back                                                                                                                                                                                                


View All
                                            
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    










                                                Mutual Fund Guide                                                                                                                                                                                                









                                                Knowledge Series                                                                                                                                                                                                









                                                Tips and Articles                                                                                                                                                                                                









                                                Videos                                                                                                                                                                                                









                                                Jargon Simplified                                                                                                                                                                                                









                                                Fun with Mutual Funds                                                                                                                                                                                                









                                                FAQs                                                                                                                                                                                                









                                                Quick Takes                                                                                                                                                                                                











                                    Investor Corner                                                                                                                                                                 












                                                Back                                                                                                                                                                                                








                                                Investor Services                                                                                                                                                                                                


Redeemed Scheme Details
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                                
                                                


Non-financial Transactions
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                                
                                                


Non-financial Transactions Status
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                                
                                                


Know Your Customer
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                                
                                                


Undelivered Warrant Status
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                                
                                                


Electronic Clearance Service (ECS)
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                                
                                                


Statement of Account
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                                
                                                


Subscribe
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                                
                                                


Complaint Redressal Report
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                                
                                                


Unclaimed Dividend and Redemption Amount
                                            
                                            
                                                
                                                


Updation of FATCA Details
                                            
                                            
                                                
                                                


Investment Options
                                            
                                            
                                                
                                                
                                                


Investor Grievance Redressal
                                            
                                            
                                                
                                                
                                                


Transmission Procedure
                                            
                                            
                                                
                                                
                                                








                                                Investor Awareness
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                        Programmes
                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                    
                                                    
                                                    









                                                NRI Corner                                                                                                                                                                                                








                                                Newsletters                                                                                                                                                                                                








                                                Videos                                                                                                                                                                                                











                                    My Portfolio                                                                                                                                                                 






An Institutional Investor 
                        
                            
                            





En
                            
                                
                                













You are here
                               
                               
                                   
                                        



Home


                                                                >  
                                                
Equity Schemes

                                                                >  
                                                
SBI Blue Chip Fund























Write to Us
                            
                            
                                
                                






Call Now
                            
                            
                                
                                






Locate Us
                            
                            
                                
                                






Get a Call Back
                            
                            
                                
                                







































+
                    
                        
                        
































SBI Blue Chip Fund



Follow 
889

+ Watchlist
Receive Assistance






Category:
                            EQUITY
AAUM:
                            
 14204.29 Cr
as on 30 Jun 2017
Investment Options:  
                            Dividend , Growth 
Entry Load:
                            N.A.




Inception: 
                        February 14, 2006

Benchmark:
S&P BSE 100 Index
Exit Load:  
                        
Read more
                                                		

For exit within 1 year from the date of allotment - 1%;
For exit after 1 year from the date of allotment - Nil.











INVEST NOW







ABOUT THE FUND
NAV MOVEMENT
PORTFOLIO
DOCUMENTS
TAX STATUS








SBI Blue Chip Fund - Regular Plan - Dividend
SBI Blue Chip Fund - Regular Plan - Growth
SBI Blue Chip Fund - Direct Plan - Dividend
SBI Blue Chip Fund - Direct Plan - Growth









                                            as on 
                                    








NAV
SIP





                                                From
													
                                                To
													









5000
10000
15000




                                                From
													
                                                To
													









Quantitative DataAs on 30-Jun-2017


Standard Deviation*:

       12.21%


Beta*:

        0.86


Expense Ratio*:

        1.97


Expense Ratio*:

        1.14


Portfolio Turnover*:
        1.03



Source:CRISIL Fund Analyser 

*Portfolio Turnover =
                                                    lower of total sale or total
purchase for the last 12 months upon Avg. AUM
of trailing twelve months.
Basis for Ratio Calculation:
Risk Free rate: FBIL Overnight Mibor rate (6.43%
as on )
3 Years Monthly Data Points
                                                













As on  
                                31/05/2017




Portfolio Holdings
Stock Name (%) Of Total AUMHDFC BANK LTD. 8.40CCIL-CLEARING CORPORATION OF INDIA LTD (CBLO) 6.54FUTURES 4.89LARSEN & TOUBRO LTD. 4.76MAHINDRA & MAHINDRA LTD. 3.14INFOSYS LTD. 3.13UPL LTD. 3.09NESTLE INDIA LTD. 2.93ITC LTD. 2.89RELIANCE INDUSTRIES LTD. 2.85  



view complete portfolio




Sectoral Breakdown (in %)
IndustryRatio FINANCIAL SERVICES                                                                                                                     29.68AUTOMOBILE                                                                                                                     11.85CONSUMER GOODS                                                                                                                     8.04CONSTRUCTION                                                                                                                     6.99ENERGY                                                                                                                     6.74IT                                                                                                                     5.60PHARMA                                                                                                                     5.45FERTILISERS & PESTICIDES                                                                                                                     4.50INDUSTRIAL MANUFACTURING                                                                                                                     4.29CEMENT & CEMENT PRODUCTS                                                                                                                     3.72    



View complete sectoral breakdown










Scheme Annual Report 2015 - 2016SBI Blue Chip FundSBI BLUE CHIP FUNDSID - SBI BlueChip FundKIM - SBI Blue Chip FundSBI Blue Chip Fund - PresentationSBI Blue Chip Fund - Fund CardSBI Blue Chip Fund - Presentation







Bluechip companies are typically large businesses, with substantial market share & leadership in their respective industries. They historically have shown successful growth, high visibility and reach, good credit ratings and greater brand equity amongst the public. Investing in such companies brings relative consistency to a portfolio.SBI Bluechip Fund aims to provide investors with opportunities for long-term growth in capital through an active management of investments in a diversified basket of equity stocks of companies whose market capitalization is at least equal to or more than the least market capitalised stock of S&P BSE 100 Index. Currently, the fund is predominantly large cap with opportunistic allocations to high conviction midcaps (up to 20%).The fund is suitable for investors who want exposure to blue chip Indian companies from a medium to long term perspective.









Enter Date  * : 







Submit















Fund Manager


Ms. Sohini AndaniManaging this fund since Sep 2010. Total experience 20 years . See all funds managed by Ms. Sohini Andani Ms. Sohini AndaniDescription : Sohini joined SBIFM as Head of Research in 2007 and was subsequently promoted as a portfolio manager in 2010. Prior to joining SBIFM, Sohini was a senior research analyst at ING Investment Management. Sohini has over.11 years of experience in research on the sell side. Her previous assignments were with leading broking outfits such as ASK Raymond James, LKP Shares and Securities, Advani Share Brokers and KR Choksey Shares and Securities. Sohini is a Commerce graduate from Mumbai University and a Chartered Accountant from ICAI. Total experience: 20 years Funds Managed by Ms. Sohini Andani- SBI Magnum Midcap Fund- SBI Blue Chip Fund- SBI Banking & Financial Services Fund


Investment Objective


To provide investors with opportunities for
long-term growth in capital through an
active management of investments in a
diversified basket of equity stocks of
companies whose market capitalization is
at least equal to or more than the least
market capitalized stock of S&P BSE 100
Index.
Long Term







Investment Information



SIP -

Weekly SIP - Minimum Rs. 1000 & in multiples of Rs. 1 thereafter for minimum 6 weeks
Monthly - Minimum Rs. 1000 & in multiples of Rs. 1 thereafter for minimum 6 months or Minimum Rs. 500 & in multiples of Rs. 1 thereafter for minimum 12 months
Quarterly - Minimum 1500 & in multiples of 1 thereafter for minimum 1 year


Lumpsum -


5000


Switch -

N.A.


SWP -

Minimum Rs. 500 per month/ per quarter










Need help in choosing the right funds to invest in?



Family Solutions Tool
Choose the right funds and plan investments to make dreams happen with Family Solutions Tool.
GET STARTED




Systematic Investment Planning
Get a plan to invest a fixed amount every month and achieve your desired savings.
GET STARTED








Investor Also Viewed











×






Email











From *:










To *:


( max upto 10 email id's allowed separated email id by ;)







Subject*:
































×
As on 31/05/2017

Holdings


Stock Name (%) Of Total AUMHDFC BANK LTD. 8.40CCIL-CLEARING CORPORATION OF INDIA LTD (CBLO) 6.54FUTURES 4.89LARSEN & TOUBRO LTD. 4.76MAHINDRA & MAHINDRA LTD. 3.14INFOSYS LTD. 3.13UPL LTD. 3.09NESTLE INDIA LTD. 2.93ITC LTD. 2.89RELIANCE INDUSTRIES LTD. 2.85STATE BANK OF INDIA 2.84INDUSIND BANK LTD. 2.75BHARAT ELECTRONICS LTD. 2.71KOTAK MAHINDRA BANK LTD. 2.66HCL TECHNOLOGIES LTD. 2.47HINDUSTAN PETROLEUM CORPORATION LTD. 2.34HERO MOTOCORP LTD. 2.23CHOLAMANDALAM INVESTMENT AND FINANCE COMPANY LTD. 2.21MARUTI SUZUKI INDIA LTD. 2.20MOTHERSON SUMI SYSTEMS LTD. 2.14ICICI BANK LTD. 1.97HINDALCO INDUSTRIES LTD. 1.69HOUSING DEVELOPMENT FINANCE CORPORATION LTD. 1.65ULTRATECH CEMENT LTD. 1.64VOLTAS LTD. 1.61INDIAN OIL CORPORATION LTD. 1.55SUN PHARMACEUTICALS INDUSTRIES LTD. 1.54THE RAMCO CEMENTS LTD. 1.51STRIDES SHASUN LTD. 1.47TITAN COMPANY LTD. 1.47PI INDUSTRIES LTD. 1.41AUROBINDO PHARMA LTD. 1.20LIC HOUSING FINANCE LTD. 1.19SHRIRAM TRANSPORT FINANCE COMPANY LTD. 1.15MAHINDRA & MAHINDRA FINANCIAL SERVICES LTD. 1.12ADITYA BIRLA FINANCIAL SERVICES LTD. 1.08APOLLO HOSPITALS ENTERPRISES LTD. 1.01TATA MOTORS LTD. (DVR-A-ORDY) 0.95EICHER MOTORS LTD. 0.91SHRIRAM CITY UNION FINANCE LTD. 0.78DIVI'S LABORATORIES LTD. 0.67HUDCO LTD. 0.65FAG BEARINGS INDIA LTD. 0.64SADBHAV ENGINEERING LTD. 0.62PIDILITE INDUSTRIES LTD. 0.61DR. LAL PATH LABS LTD. 0.57TORRENT PHARMACEUTICALS LTD. 0.57GRASIM INDUSTRIES LTD. 0.57THERMAX LTD. 0.57HOUSING DEVELOPMENT FINANCE CORPORATION LTD. 0.51COAL INDIA LTD. 0.48NARAYANA HRUDAYALAYA LTD. 0.44BRITANNIA INDUSTRIES LTD. 0.39MAX FINANCIAL SERVICES LTD. 0.39SKF INDIA LTD. 0.37TATA STEEL LTD. 0.36PROCTER & GAMBLE HYGIENE AND HEALTH CARE LTD. 0.36MOTILAL OSWAL SECURITIES LTD CP MAT 28.07.2017. 0.35TATA MOTORS LTD. 0.29HDFC BANK LTD. 0.14CASH & OTHER RECIVABLES -3.59Grand Total 100.00%  










×

Sectoral Breakdown (in %)

                    


IndustryRatio FINANCIAL SERVICES                                                                                                                     29.68 AUTOMOBILE                                                                                                                     11.85 CONSUMER GOODS                                                                                                                     8.04 CONSTRUCTION                                                                                                                     6.99 ENERGY                                                                                                                     6.74 IT                                                                                                                     5.60 PHARMA                                                                                                                     5.45 FERTILISERS & PESTICIDES                                                                                                                     4.50 INDUSTRIAL MANUFACTURING                                                                                                                     4.29 CEMENT & CEMENT PRODUCTS                                                                                                                     3.72 METALS                                                                                                                     2.53 HEALTHCARE SERVICES                                                                                                                     2.02 CHEMICALS                                                                                                                     0.61 FUTURES                                                                                                                     4.89 CASH & OTHER RECIVABLES                                                                                                                     -3.59 CBLO                                                                                                                     6.54 FIXED DEPOSITS                                                                                                                     0.14     










×

Receive Assistance






Get a Call Back




Name*  : 








City* :








Mobile Number* :








email ID * :









Submit























X


×


Fund Follow






You have already followed the fund, Click here to unfollow the fund


























Newsletter Subscription
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                            
                                            
Subscribe to our newsletters and get daily updates and happenings, straight into your inbox.
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                            
                                            






Amundi Newsletter
                                                    
                                                        
                                                        



Daily Market Wrap  
                                                    
                                                        
                                                        









SUBSCRIBE
                                   
                                    
                                    
                                        
                                        









1800 209 3333  1800 425 5425




customer.delight@sbimf.com 




SMS:'SBIMF' to 56161
                                           
                




9th Floor, Crescenzo, C-38 and 39, G Block,  Bandra-Kurla Complex
Mumbai
Maharashtra
India - 400051


Open in Google Maps
                    












Follow us on
                                    
                                        
                                        






































                                        Other Group Companies 
                                           
                
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                            







State Bank of India
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                                
                                                


SBI General Insurance
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                                
                                                


SBI Life Insurance
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                                
                                                


SBI Credit Cards
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                                
                                                


SBI Capital Markets
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                                
                                                


SBI Global Factors Ltd
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                                
                                                


SBI DFHI Ltd
                                            
                                            
                                            
                                                
                                                














                                            About us 
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                




Corporate Profile
                                                
                                                
                                                    
                                                    


Fund House Expertise
                                                
                                                
                                                    
                                                    


Our People
                                                
                                                
                                                    
                                                    


MD's Desk
                                                
                                                
                                                    
                                                    


CIO's Desk
                                                
                                                
                                                    
                                                    
                                                    


Financial Reports
                                                
                                                
                                                    
                                                    


Registrars
                                                
                                                
                                                    
                                                    





                                            Forms and Downloads 
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                




Forms
                                                
                                                
                                                    
                                                    


Factsheets
                                                
                                                
                                                    
                                                    


Portfolios
                                                
                                                
                                                    
                                                    


Statement of Additional Information
                                                
                                                
                                                    
                                                    


Offer Document / SID / KIM
                                                
                                                
                                                    
                                                    


Tenders
                                                
                                                
                                                    
                                                    


Notices and Addendums
                                                
                                                
                                                    
                                                    


Tax Reckoner - 2017-18
                                                
                                                
                                                    
                                                    





                                            NAVs 
                                                
                                                
                                                
                                                




NAVs
                                                
                                                
                                                    
                                                    


Compare Funds
                                                
                                                
                                                    
                                                    


Set NAV Alert
                                                
                                                
                                                    
                                                    


Dividends
                                                
                                                
                                                    
                                                    





Careers
                                            
                                            
                                                
                                                


Media Center
                                            
                                            
                                                
                                                


Invoice Utility
                                            
                                            
                                                
                                                

SBIFM - GST Details



Risk Factor
                                            
                                            
                                                
                                                


Disclaimer
                                            
                                            
                                                
                                                


Privacy Policy
                                            
                                            
                                                
                                                


Voting Policy
                                            
                                            
                                                
                                                


Disclosures
                                            
                                            
                                                
                                                


Sitemap
                                            
                                            
                                                
                                                







                        Mutual Fund investments are subject to market risks, read all scheme related documents carefully.
                    
                        
                        




                                    © Copyright 2016 SBI MUTUAL FUND
                                
                                    
                                    











Our Customer Care no. 18004255425 /​ 18002093333 (Toll Free) |​ Now give a Missed Call on 
 
    “8010-968-318”  from registered mobile number to receive complete valuation of your Folio(s) via SMS.​ ​​







×
                            




Your feedback matters; share it!
                                    
Answer a few quick questions to share your experience of browsing through our new website
                                    




1. Select the user category that describes you best
                                    




                                        Existing SBI MF Investor
                                                                            



                                        New Investor
                                                                            



                                        Distributor
                                                                            













2. What was your purpose for vising the website today? 












Carry out financial or non-financial transactions 






                                                1. How would you rate the new transaction platform?
                                            



                                                    Excellent
                                                


                                                    Good
                                                


                                                    Average
                                                






                                                2. How easy was it to complete the task?
                                            



                                                    Convenient
                                                


                                                    Difficult
                                                


                                                    Could not complete
                                                






                                                3. Any recommendations?
                                            














Explore products and documents 






                                                1. Did you find the product or document you were looking for?
                                            



                                                    Yes
                                                


                                                    No
                                                






                                                2. How easy was it to find the product or document you were looking for?
                                            



                                                    Easy
                                                


                                                    Difficult
                                                


                                                    Very Difficult
                                                






                                                3. Any recommendations?
                                            














Financial Planning tools
                                    






                                                1. What tool did you use?
                                            



                                                    SIP
                                                


                                                    Returns Value Calculator
                                                


                                                    Family Solutions Tool
                                                






                                                2. Did you find the tool useful?
                                            



                                                    Very useful
                                                


                                                    Moderately useful
                                                


                                                    Disappointed
                                                






                                                3. Any recommendations?
                                            














Register or generate a zero balance folio






                                                1. How did you find the new registration platform?
                                            



                                                    Easy to use
                                                


                                                    Complicated
                                                


                                                    Could not register
                                                






                                                2. How easy was it to complete the process?
                                            



                                                    Convenient
                                                


                                                    Difficult
                                                


                                                    Could not complete
                                                






                                                3. Any recommendations?
                                            














Understand Mutual Funds






                                                1. Did you find the content available on the website useful?
                                            



                                                    Very useful
                                                


                                                    Moderately useful
                                                


                                                    Disappointed
                                                






                                                2. Any Recommendations?
                                            



















                        Enter basic details so we can reach out and help you better
                    
                        




Name :
                                            *
                                            






Email Address :
                                            *
                                            






Mobile Number :
                                        






Submit
                                            





*Your details are kept confidential and never shared
                                        









Your feedback matters; share it!    
                







×



Please submit the filled empanelment form to your nearest SBIMF Branch. Click here  to locate your nearest branch.
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Blue Chip Growth Fund (TRBCX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Blue Chip Growth Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available




Consistently finding strong growth opportunities.
Call 888-790-2247 to speak to an investment specialist about the Blue Chip Growth Fund.







Ticker Symbol:


			
				TRBCX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/21/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$90.77
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.03
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/21/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								25.01%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$70.76
							
							-
							
								$90.77
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$39,120.58

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 05/31/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Blue Chip Growth Fund among 
1284,
1284,
1145
and 
805
Large Growth
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 05/31/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund's objective is to provide long-term capital growth. Income is a secondary objective.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					27.86%
				
			

				
					27.86%
				
			


3 Years

				
					12.42%
				
			

				
					12.42%
				
			


5 Years

				
					16.93%
				
			

				
					16.93%
				
			


10 Years

				
					9.43%
				
			

				
					9.43%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 10.58%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							10.58%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							June 30, 1993
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.72%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.72%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			



2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				









Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















Over 80% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 3/31/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Asset Allocation





An Inside Look at T. Rowe Price® ActivePlus Portfolios

July 13, 2017









Retirement Planning





6 Key Ingredients for Retirement Planning

July 10, 2017









Markets & Economy





Quarterly Market Review

June 30, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*144 of our 330 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 3/31/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 122 of these 144 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 204 of 311 (66%), 175 of 213, 140 of 178 (79%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 3/31/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
24 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 3/31/17 (includes all share classes). 23 of these 24 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 35 of 36, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 3/31/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 168 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 3/31/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari

















Mutual Funds | No-Load Mutual Funds  | T. Rowe Price























 

















LOW-COST MUTUAL FUNDS 
LOW-COST MUTUAL FUNDS1
We offer low-cost mutual funds seeking to deliver consistent returns to help you achieve your financial goals. Over 75% of our funds for individual investors have expense ratios below their peer category averages.1







Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus















Daily Prices





Historical Performance





Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds





Dividend Distributions












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds






I want to research





Stock Funds








Bond Funds








Target Date Funds*







Asset Allocation Funds







Money Market Funds^










Overview

Provides long-term growth potential 

Access to companies across the globe
A range of funds—including domestic, international, and sector specific






Investor Profile

Need the growth potential of stocks to achieve long-term goals
Can withstand price volatility






   

View Stock Funds


More on Stock Funds












Overview

Emphasizes regular income
Offers access to bonds issued in the United States and around the world
A broad range of funds investing in U.S. Treasury, high yield, municipal, and international bonds






Investor Profile

Want to generate income
Are in a higher tax bracket, seeking tax-free income
Want to reduce the volatility of a stock-heavy portfolio
Can tolerate price fluctuations






   

View Bond Funds


More on Bond Funds












Overview

A one-stop approach to retirement investing
A mix of stocks and bonds that adjusts to and through retirement
Seeks to thoughtfully balance retirement risks






Investor Profile

Plan to retire close to a certain year
Want a convenient fund-of-funds solution
Want an investment that becomes more conservative as retirement approaches






  


View Target Date Funds


More on Target Date Funds












Overview

One-stop approach to investing
Broadly diversified stock, bond, and balanced funds
Designed for a range of investor risk profiles






Investor Profile

Want to invest in a diversified portfolio in a single investment
Want access to a wide range of investments in one mutual fund






   

View Asset Allocation Funds


More on Asset Allocation Funds












Overview

Lowest-risk mutual fund investment
Strive for preservation of capital^
A range of taxable and tax-free funds






Investor Profile

Have short-term investment goals
Prefer price stability over return potential
Want quick access to savings







View Money Market Funds


More on Money Market Funds


Money Market Reform: What you need to know













Why invest with T. Rowe Price? 



​Research is the lifeblood of our investment organization. Our focus on in-depth research to find the right investment opportunities across the globe means we can deliver diverse solutions to help you achieve your financial goals.Investors have relied on our disciplined approach for more than 75 years. Consistency is a hallmark of our investment process. We assess the risk and potential rewards of our investments.


​A seasoned investment team means continuity for you.


Our team’s expertise and collective experience allow us to thoughtfully focus on our ultimate goal—consistent, competitive performance for you.









T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details. 
Past performance cannot guarantee future results. All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal. Diversification cannot assure a profit or protect against loss in a declining market.
Based on cumulative total return, 174 of 232 (75%), 142 of 160 (89%), 115 of 127 (91%), and 105 of 114 (92%) T. Rowe Price stock funds (including all share classes and excluding funds used in insurance products) outperformed their Lipper averages for the 1-, 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)

1Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
*The principal value of the Retirement Funds and Target Funds (collectively, the "target date funds") is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The target date funds' allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The Retirement Funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term retirement withdrawal horizon. The Target Funds emphasize asset accumulation prior to retirement, balance the need for reduced market risk and income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a moderate postretirement withdrawal horizon. The target date funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The key difference between the Retirement Funds and the Target Funds is the overall allocation to equity; although they each maintain significant allocations to equities both prior to and after the target date, the Retirement Funds maintain a higher equity allocation, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.

The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.

^Retail Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. Beginning October 14, 2016, the Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.
Government Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.





















Blue chip fund | Private equity funds India | Top 10 equity mutual funds | IndiabullsAMC







































1800-266-6002



Customer Care



Careers






Indiabulls Group 

Indiabulls Housing Finance
Indiabulls Real Estate
Indiabulls Ventures























 About Us 


About Us


OverviewIndiabulls GroupMissionSponsorsTrusteesDirectorsKey PersonnelGSTINService ProvidersFinancials






Mutual Funds 



Debt Funds



Indiabulls Liquid Fund
					  
Indiabulls Ultra Short Term Fund
					  
Indiabulls Short Term Fund
					  
Indiabulls Income Fund
					  
Indiabulls  Gilt Fund
					  
Indiabulls Monthly  Income Plan
					  




Equity Funds



Indiabulls  Blue Chip Fund
					  
Indiabulls  Arbitrage Fund
					  
Indiabulls Value  Discovery Fund
					  







AIF


Alternative Investments Funds


Business objectiveGroup SynergiesInvestment StrategyDomestic funds






NAV


NAV



Current NAV
					   
Historical NAV
					   
Latest Dividend
					   
Dividend History
					   






Investor Education


Investor Education


Market CommentarySEBI Investor Education DocumentKYCFAQS on KYCNRISIP CalculatorsRetirement CalculatorSoft Dollar Arrangement






Distributors


Distributors


Distributors GuidelinesKnow Your Distributors NormsNew Cadre of DistributorsRevised Code of Conduct for DistributorsProcess Note for New Cadre of DistributorsDistributor Empanelment Form






Downloads


Downloads


KIM & FormsMF Utility FormsSID & SAIFact SheetsAddendumStatutory DisclosuresArchive



























Debt Funds
Equity Funds









 Indiabulls  Blue Chip Fund


 Indiabulls  Arbitrage Fund


 Indiabulls Value  Discovery Fund









Indiabulls  Blue Chip Fund
Indiabulls  Arbitrage Fund
Indiabulls Value  Discovery Fund










  HOME  Products
 Equity Funds
 Indiabulls  Blue Chip Fund 


Indiabulls  Blue Chip Fund
Type of Scheme: An Open-ended Equity Scheme

Investment Objective: The primary investment objective of the Scheme is to seek to provide long-term capital appreciation from a portfolio that is invested predominantly in equity and equity- related securities of blue-chip large-cap companies. However, there is no assurance that the investment objective of the scheme will be achieved. 

This product is suitable for investors who are seeking*


 
Capital appreciation over long-term


A portfolio that is invested predominantly in equity and equity-related securities of blue-chip large-cap companies


High Risk




RISKOMETER
Investors understand that their principal will be at high risk





*Investors should consult their financial advisers if in doubt about whether the product is suitable for them.
Launch Date: 10 February, 2012

Investment Objective: The primary investment objective of the Scheme is to seek to provide long-term capital appreciation from a portfolio that is invested predominantly in equity and equity- related securities of blue-chip large-cap companies. However, there is no assurance that the investment objective of the scheme will be achieved. 


Asset Allocation
 



Instruments

Indicative allocation (% of total assets)

Risk Profile



				 

Minimum

Maximum

Low/ Med/High



Equity and equity related securities – Blue Chip Large-Cap Companies

65%

100%

High



Equity and equity related securities – Other Companies

0%

35%

High



Debt & Money market securities/instruments

0%

35%

Low to Medium




	 

*For the purposes of this scheme Blue Chip Large Cap Company is a Company with a market capitalization higher than the market capitalization of 101st company in BSE 500 index, arranged in descending order of market cap.

Benchmark Index: 




Investment Strategy
Key Features
Fund Manager







			Under normal market conditions, the Scheme would invest predominantly in a diversified portfolio constituting equity and equity related instruments of companies that the Fund Manager believes have sustainable business models, and potential for capital appreciation .The corpus of the Scheme will be invested predominantly in blue chip large cap stocks and / or in exchange traded derivatives on the S&P CNX Nifty Index or such blue chip stocks. 0-35% of the net assets will be invested in securities other than blue chip large caps. A very small portion of the fund will be kept liquid. A Blue-chip company is a company with a significant market share in its product segment and/or has consistent track record in terms of profitability. The investment environment, valuation parameters and other investment criteria will determine the allocation and the investment style. The Fund Manager would follow a top down approach to shortlist stocks for portfolio construction. Under the top down process the Fund Manager would look at the global and Indian economy and the domestic policy environment and stock valuations. This would result in identification of themes which have a potential to outperform. The final stock selection process would be a bottoms-up process wherein stocks from the short listed themes would be picked up based on valuations and business model.







 




					Type of Scheme :

					An Open-ended Equity Scheme



					Options :

					Growth Option & Dividend Option The
					Dividend option has the following
					facilities: Dividend Re-investment
					Facility & Dividend Pay-out Facility



					Minimum application amount :

					Rs. 500 and in multiples of
					Re. 1 thereafter Rs. 500 and
					in multiples of Re. 1
					thereafter (For Systematic Investment Plan)



					Minimum additional purchase amount :

					Rs. 500 and in multiples of Re. 1 thereafter



					Minimum redemption amount :

					Minimum of Rs. 1000 and in
					multiples of Re. 1 thereafter



					Loads :

					Entry : Not Applicable
					Exit : 1% if redeemed/switched
					out within first year,
					NIL if redeemed/switched
					out after one year



					Benchmark :

					S&P CNX NIFTY INDEX





	 





 




			 


				Mr. Sumit Bhatnagar (Head-Equity Funds)

				sumit.bhatnagar@indiabulls.com

				Mr. Sumit Bhatnagar has over 14 years of experience in Banking & Capital Markets. At Indiabulls Mutual Fund, Sumit played a pivotal role in setting up the AMC systems & processes and in framing business strategy, designing business plan and products for the AMC. He is extensively research oriented and follows a Top Down approach for Large Caps and Bottom Up approach for Mid / Small Cap. He is well versed with Indian and Global Macros. Earlier, he worked with SEBI for five years in Investment Management Department, handing critical policy matters pertaining to mutual funds and contributed extensively in various high powered committees of SEBI. He holds an MBA (Investment Management) from the University of Toronto, Canada and is also a CFA (USA).




	 






Other Links


Scheme AUM
Expense Ratio
Portfolio
Past Performance










 




About Us


OverviewIndiabulls GroupMissionSponsorsTrusteesDirectorsKey PersonnelGSTINService ProvidersFinancials 



Products


Indiabulls Liquid FundIndiabulls Ultra Short Term FundIndiabulls Short Term FundIndiabulls Income FundIndiabulls  Gilt FundIndiabulls Monthly  Income Plan Indiabulls  Blue Chip FundIndiabulls  Arbitrage FundIndiabulls Value  Discovery Fund 



NAV


Current NAVHistorical NAVLatest DividendDividend History 



Investor Education


Market CommentarySEBI Investor Education DocumentKYCFAQS on KYCNRISIP CalculatorsRetirement CalculatorSoft Dollar Arrangement 



Distributors


Distributors GuidelinesKnow Your Distributors NormsNew Cadre of DistributorsRevised Code of Conduct for DistributorsProcess Note for New Cadre of DistributorsDistributor Empanelment Form 



Downloads


KIM & FormsMF Utility FormsSID & SAIFact SheetsAddendumStatutory DisclosuresArchive 





Other Links: Indiabulls Group | Financial Services | Real Estate | Ventures

Quick Links:
SEBI
|
AMFI


 
 Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Statutory Details & Risk Factors |Terms & Conditions |  © Copyright Indiabulls. All Rights Reserved 

















 





































Best Funds for Blue-Chip Stocks




 









































Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments













































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 

























Mutual Funds


Mutual funds are a practical, cost-efficient way to build a diversified portfolio of stocks, bonds, or short-term investments. With nearly 70 years in the business, Fidelity offers the tools and experience to help you build an investment strategy that matches your investing style.
Open an Account






Questions?


800-343-3548
800-343-3548

Chat with a representative


Find an Investor Center








Fidelity mutual funds










Why choose Fidelity funds?

There's a reason we're a world leader in mutual funds1—our rich history, global research, and diverse investment capabilities.




Explore our fund offering

Take advantage of our global network of analysts and one of the largest research departments in the industry.
Pricing, Distributions, and Shareholder Information
Year-End Fidelity Fund Distributions




Fidelity Fund Portfolios
                        
						                        
                                                       


						
							
Whether you want to pick your own funds or prefer the hands-off approach, we'll help you find a portfolio that makes the most sense for you.
Fidelity Fund Portfolios—Income
Fidelity Fund Portfolios—Diversified










 FEATURED INVESTING IDEA
Beating the benchmark

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Active management can help you respond quickly to market changes and maximize your return potential.
			                                            
			                                        
												






FEATURED SPOTLIGHT
Fidelity Simplicity RMD FundsSM

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Take the guesswork out of required minimum distributions (RMDs) for certain types of retirement accounts2 by pairing a professionally managed, age-appropriate asset allocation fund with our automated annual RMD withdrawal service.
			                                            
			                                        
												








All funds




Over 10,000 funds from Fidelity & other companies


Fidelity's FundsNetwork allows you to invest in mutual funds from hundreds of fund companies outside of Fidelity, including many available with no transaction fees.3 Explore your financial options by searching through our world class library of funds.



Explore all funds


Morningstar® highly rated funds
Fund Picks From Fidelity®











Featured Tool
Mutual Fund Evaluator4

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Search thousands of funds available through Fidelity. Easily filter and sort by performance criteria and fund characteristics.
			                                            
			                                        
												






FEATURED TRIAL
Guest Access

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Sign up for free Guest Access and experience the tools and resources only available to Fidelity customers.
			                                            
			                                        
												


















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.


Diversification and asset allocation do not ensure a profit or guarantee against loss.



Past performance is no guarantee of future results.



          1. Fidelity's goal is to make financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. With assets under administration of $6.2 trillion, including managed assets of $2.2 trillion as of May 31, 2017, we focus on meeting the unique needs of a diverse set of customers: helping more than 26 million people invest their own life savings, nearly 23,000 businesses manage employee benefit programs, as well as providing nearly 12,500 advisory firms with technology solutions to invest their own clients' money.
	
    

          2. RMDs do not apply to investments in Roth IRAs or taxable accounts.
	
    

          3.
	
	
	       Other fees and expenses, including those which apply to a continued investment in the fund, are described in the fund's current prospectus. Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC, or its affiliates, receives compensation in connection with (i) access to, purchase or redemption of, and/or maintenance of positions in mutual funds and other investment products ("funds"), (ii) infrastructure needed to support such funds as well as additional compensation for shareholder services, start-up fees, infrastructure support and maintenance, and other programs and/or (iii) a fund's attendance at events for FBS's clients and/or representatives, and opportunities for the fund to promote its products and services. This compensation may take the form of sales loads and 12b-1 fees described in the prospectus and/or additional compensation paid by the fund, its investment adviser or an affiliate. Fidelity reserves the right to change the funds available without transaction fees and reinstate the fees on any funds. Fidelity will charge a short term trading fee each time you sell or exchange shares of FundsNetwork No Transaction Fee (NTF) funds held less than 60 days (short-term trade).


          4. The Fund Evaluator is provided to help self-directed investors evaluate mutual funds based on their own needs and circumstances. The criteria entered is at the sole discretion of the user and any information obtained should not be considered an offer to buy or sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy, or a recommendation for any securities. You acknowledge that your requests for information are unsolicited and shall neither constitute, nor be considered as investment advice by Fidelity Brokerage Services, LLC., Fidelity Distributors Corporation, or their affiliates (collectively, "Fidelity").
	
    

          Please note: When comparing funds, please consider all important factors, including information pertaining to fund fees, fund features, and fund objectives. While funds may track an index, the indices and strategies employed in seeking to achieve an investment goal may be different. Each fund’s investment object and strategy and index tracked to achieve investment goals may differ. For new investors, funding investment minimums may be different.
	
    


727356.10.0











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









close





Retirement IRAs

Open a Rollover IRA






Open a Roth IRA










Open a Traditional IRA














Investing & Savings

Open a Brokerage Account






Open a Cash Management Account










Open Both Accounts

Open both a brokerage and cash management account to easily transfer and protect your funds.








See All Accounts


















 




Fidelity Funds - Mutual Funds from Fidelity Investments


















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+




Default text size A


Larger text size A


Largest text size A
 














Mutual Funds Overview
























Fidelity Mutual Funds


Invest with a world leader in mutual funds* and you put a global network of 400 analysts and one of the largest research departments in the industry to work for you.1 Our extensive resources allow Fidelity's fund managers to look deeply across different regions and sectors to find investment opportunities that others may miss.

Open an Account






Questions?


800-343-3548
800-343-3548

Chat with a representative


Find an Investor Center














Explore the full spectrum of available Fidelity Funds 
Fidelity Funds cover all asset classes of mutual funds, from domestic equity to specialized sectors, so you can find the mix of funds that helps you to achieve your strategic investment goals.









Domestic Equity




International Equity




Sectors




Fixed Income




Asset Allocation




Index




Money Market









Domestic Equity









Benefits of domestic equity funds


Exposure to successful, innovative, and profitable companies
May offer significant appreciation potential
A good foundation for almost any portfolio for risk-tolerant investors





Why Fidelity domestic equity funds

$755 billion in U.S. equity assets under management1
2,364 stocks covered by more than 200 equity research professionals1
A wide range of highly rated 4- and 5-star Morningstar rated funds2














Large Value


Fidelity® Blue Chip Value Fund (FBCVX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Value Enhanced Fund (FLVEX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector Large-Cap Value Fund (FSLVX)

Fidelity® Value Discovery Fund (FVDFX)
Small/Mid Value

Fidelity® Low-Priced Stock Fund (FLPSX)

Fidelity® Mid-Cap Value Fund (FSMVX)

Fidelity® Value Fund (FDVLX)

Fidelity® Value Strategies Fund (FSLSX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Value Fund (FCPVX)
Income-Oriented

Fidelity® Equity Dividend Income Fund (FEQTX)

Fidelity® Equity-Income Fund (FEQIX)

Fidelity® Growth & Income Portfolio Fund (FGRIX)

Fidelity® Dividend Growth Fund (FDGFX)






Large Blend


Fidelity® Disciplined Equity Fund (FDEQX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Core Enhanced Index Fund (FLCEX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Stock Fund (FLCSX)

Fidelity® Mega-Cap Stock Fund (FGRTX)
Small/Mid Blend

Fidelity® Mid-Cap Enhanced Index Fund (FMEIX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Enhanced Index Fund (FCPEX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Stock Fund (FSLCX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector Small-Cap Fund (FDSCX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Discovery Fund (FSCRX)
Go-Anywhere

Fidelity® Capital Appreciation Fund (FDCAX)

Fidelity® Contrafund® (FCNTX)

Fidelity® Independence Fund (FDFFX)

Fidelity® Magellan® Fund (FMAGX)

Fidelity® New Millennium Fund (FMILX)






Large Growth


Fidelity® Blue Chip Growth Fund (FBGRX)

Fidelity® Export & Multinational Fund (FEXPX)

Fidelity® Focused Stock Fund (FTQGX)

Fidelity® Fund (FFIDX)

Fidelity® Growth Discovery Fund (FDSVX)

Fidelity® Growth Company Fund (FDGRX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Growth Enhanced Index Fund (FLGEX)

Fidelity® OTC Portfolio (FOCPX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector All Cap Fund (FDSSX)

Fidelity® Trend Fund (FTRNX)
Small/Mid Growth

Fidelity® Growth Strategies Fund (FDEGX)

Fidelity® Mid-Cap Stock Fund (FMCSX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector Mid-Cap Fund (FSSMX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Growth Fund (FCPGX)

Diversifiers

Fidelity® Leveraged Company Stock Fund (FLVCX)

Fidelity® Event Driven Opportunities Fund (FARNX)






Research all Fidelity domestic equity funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






A three-step investing strategy


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       How to build an investment plan that you can stick with day in and day out to help meet your goals.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





September flows update


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Strong flows persisted for U.S. ETP funds in recent months, while international funds saw mixed results.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Hunting for tech innovation


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Companies shaping how we live and work tomorrow may be today's best stocks, says our expert.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





An oil recovery play


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       If oil prices recover, our fund manager says some chemical companies could benefit.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









International Equity









Benefits of international equity funds


More than half the world's companies reside outside the U.S.
Tap into the growth potential in other parts of the world.
Lower the volatility of your profile through diversification.






Why Fidelity international equity funds


50 years of international asset management experience
$200+ billion in international equity assets
25+ years of experience managing emerging market equities

Why Fidelity for international funds (PDF)











Core International
 Fidelity® International Enhanced Index Fund (FIENX)

Fidelity® International Capital Appreciation Fund (FIVFX)

Fidelity® Total International Equity Fund (FTIEX)

Fidelity® International Discovery Fund (FIGRX)

Fidelity® Diversified International Fund (FDIVX)

Fidelity® Overseas Fund (FOSFX)

Fidelity® International Growth Fund (FIGFX)

Fidelity® International Value Fund (FIVLX)

Fidelity® International Small Cap Fund (FISMX)

Fidelity® International Small Cap Opportunities Fund (FSCOX)






Regional & Single Country


Fidelity® China Region Fund (FHKCX)

Fidelity® Emerging Asia Fund (FSEAX)

Fidelity® Emerging Europe, Middle East, Africa Fund (FEMEX)

Fidelity® Europe Fund (FIEUX)

Fidelity® Latin America Fund (FLATX)

Fidelity® Nordic Fund (FNORX)

Fidelity® Pacific Basin Fund (FPBFX)

Fidelity® Canada Fund (FICDX)

Fidelity® Japan Fund (FJPNX)

Fidelity® Japan Smaller Companies Fund (FJSCX)






Global


Fidelity® Worldwide Fund (FWWFX)

Fidelity® Global Equity Income Fund (FGILX)
Emerging Markets

Fidelity® Emerging Markets Fund (FEMKX)

Fidelity® Emerging Markets Discovery Fund (FEDDX)

Fidelity® Total Emerging Markets Fund (FTEMX)






Research all Fidelity international equity funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Washington watch


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Four experts on post-election market moves and policies ahead.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Investing internationally


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Domestic stocks may not always outperform international.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





International myths


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Common misconceptions about international investments could be costly.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





International: U.S. may lead


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Consider foreign stocks with U.S. growth exposure—plus select opportunities in Brazil, India, and Europe.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Sectors









Benefits of sector funds


Tactical investment approaches, such as sector rotation strategies
More precise asset allocation
Greater diversification of your portfolio






Why Fidelity sector funds


44 actively managed sector funds
Latest sector research
400+ analysts

Why Invest in Sectors at Fidelity













Consumer Discretionary


Fidelity® Select Consumer Discretionary Portfolio (FSCPX)

Fidelity® Select Automotive Portfolio (FSAVX)

Fidelity® Select Leisure Portfolio (FDLSX)

Fidelity® Select Multimedia Portfolio (FBMPX)

Fidelity® Select Retailing Portfolio (FSRPX)

Fidelity® Select Construction & Housing Portfolio (FSHOX)
Consumer Staples

Fidelity® Select Consumer Staples Portfolio (FDFAX)
Energy

Fidelity® Select Energy Portfolio (FSENX)

Fidelity® Select Energy Service Portfolio (FSESX)

Fidelity® Select Natural Gas Portfolio (FSNGX)

Fidelity® Select Natural Resources Portfolio (FNARX)
Financials

Fidelity® Select Financial Services Portfolio (FIDSX)

Fidelity® Select Banking Portfolio (FSRBX)

Fidelity® Select Brokerage and Investment Management Portfolio (FSLBX)

Fidelity® Select Consumer Finance Portfolio (FSVLX)

Fidelity® Select Insurance Portfolio (FSPCX)




Health Care

Fidelity® Select Health Care Portfolio (FSPHX)

Fidelity® Select Biotechnology Portfolio (FBIOX)

Fidelity® Select Health Care Services Portfolio (FSHCX)

Fidelity® Select Medical Equipment and Systems Portfolio (FSMEX)

Fidelity® Select Pharmaceuticals Portfolio (FPHAX)
Industrials

Fidelity® Select Industrials Portfolio (FCYIX)

Fidelity® Select Air Transportation Portfolio (FSAIX)

Fidelity® Select Defense and Aerospace Portfolio (FSDAX)

Fidelity® Select Environment & Alternative Energy Portfolio (FSLEX)

Fidelity® Select Industrial Equipment Portfolio (FSCGX)

Fidelity® Select Transportation Portfolio (FSRFX)
Information Technology

Fidelity® Select Technology Portfolio (FSPTX)

Fidelity® Select Communications Equipment (FSDCX)

Fidelity® Select Computers Portfolio (FDCPX)

Fidelity® Select Semiconductors Portfolio (FSELX)

Fidelity® Select IT Services Portfolio (FBSOX)

Fidelity® Select Software and IT Services Portfolio (FSCSX)




Materials

Fidelity® Select Materials Portfolio (FSDPX)

Fidelity® Select Chemicals Portfolio (FSCHX)

Fidelity® Select Gold Portfolio (FSAGX)

Fidelity® Global Commodity Stock Fund (FFGCX)
Real Estate

Fidelity® Real Estate Investment Portfolio (FRESX)

Fidelity® Real Estate Index Fund (FRXIX)

Fidelity® Real Estate Income Fund (FRIFX)

Fidelity® International Real Estate Fund (FIREX)

Fidelity® Select Construction and Housing Portfolio (FSHOX)
Telecommunications

Fidelity® Select Telecommunications Portfolio (FSTCX)

Fidelity® Select Wireless Portfolio (FWRLX)
Utilities

Fidelity® Select Utilities Portfolio (FSUTX)

Fidelity® Telecom & Utilities Fund (FIUIX)






Research all Fidelity sector funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






ETFs for the 2nd half


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Here are some ETF opportunities to consider after recent developments.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





3 tech trends


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Think international tech, machine learning, and cloud computing.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Targeting ETFs


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Two ways the Fidelity ETF screener can help you find investment opportunities that fit your strategy.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Sector winners


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Tech, financials, and industrials were positive, most sectors had mixed results.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Fixed Income









Benefits of fixed income funds


Potential for capital preservation, depending on the fund
Income generation
Liquidity





Why Fidelity fixed income funds

One of the country's largest and most experienced investment organizations
$925+ billion in bond assets1
Over 600 investment professionals located around the world1














Short Duration


Fidelity® Conservative Income Bond Fund (FCONX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund (FCRDX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund - Institutional Class (FMNDX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Bond Fund - Institutional Class (FCNVX)

Fidelity® Short-Term Bond Fund (FSHBX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Bond Fund (FJRLX)

Fidelity® Short Duration High Income Fund (FSAHX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Government Fund (FFXSX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Municipal Income Fund (FSTFX)

Fidelity® California Limited Term Tax-Free Bond Fund (FCSTX)

Fidelity® Floating Rate High Income Fund (FFRHX)
Corporate

Fidelity® Corporate Bond Fund (FCBFX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Bond Fund (FJRLX)
Mortgage

Fidelity® Mortgage Securities Fund (FMSFX)

Fidelity® GNMA Fund (FGMNX)
Government

Fidelity® Intermediate Government Income Fund (FSTGX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Government Fund (FFXSX)

Fidelity® Government Income Fund (FGOVX)

Fidelity® Inflation-Protected Bond Fund (FINPX)




Diversified/Opportunistic

Fidelity® Total Bond Fund (FTBFX)

Fidelity® Strategic Income Fund (FSICX)

Fidelity® Capital & Income Fund (FAGIX)

Fidelity® Intermediate Bond (FTHRX)

Fidelity®Investment Grade Bond (FBNDX)
International

Fidelity® Global Credit Fund (FGBFX)

Fidelity® New Markets Income Fund (FNMIX)

Fidelity® Global High Income Fund (FGHNX)
High Yield

Fidelity® High Income Fund (SPHIX)

Fidelity® Short Duration High Income Fund (FSAHX)

Fidelity® Floating Rate High Income Fund (FFRHX)

Fidelity® Focused High Income Fund (FHIFX)

Fidelity® Global High Income Fund (FGHNX) Fidelity® Capital & Income Fund (FAGIX)




Municipal - National

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund (FCRDX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund - Institutional Class (FMNDX)

Fidelity Tax-Free Bond Fund (FTABX)

Fidelity® Municipal Income Fund (FHIGX)

Fidelity® Intermediate Municipal Income Fund (FLTMX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Municipal Income Fund (FSTFX)

Fidelity Municipal Income 2019 Fund (FMCFX)

Fidelity Municipal Income 2021 Fund (FOCFX)

Fidelity® Municipal Income 2023 Fund (FCHPX)

Fidelity® Municipal Income 2025 Fund (FIMSX)
Municipal – State

Fidelity Arizona Municipal Income Fund (FSAZX)

Fidelity® California Limited Term Tax-Free Bond Fund (FCSTX)

Fidelity® California Municipal Income Fund (FCTFX)

Fidelity® Connecticut Municipal Income Fund (FICNX)

Fidelity® Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund (FDMMX)

Fidelity Maryland Municipal Income Fund (SMDMX)

Fidelity® Michigan Municipal Income Fund (FMHTX)

Fidelity® Minnesota Municipal Income Fund (FIMIX)

Fidelity® New Jersey Municipal Income Fund (FNJHX)

Fidelity® New York Municipal Income Fund (FTFMX)

Fidelity® Ohio Municipal Income Fund (FOHFX)

Fidelity® Pennsylvania Municipal Income Fund (FPXTX)






Research all Fidelity fixed income funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Tips for volatility


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       When markets get choppy, it pays to have a plan, and to stick to it.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Mutual fund or ETF?


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Key factors to consider before buying include your tax bracket, fees, trading flexibility, and investment style.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Strategies for retirees


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       If you’re nearing or in retirement, make sure your plan is solid—and stay the course, even in volatile markets.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Perspective on rate changes


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Four reasons why bond investors may want to ignore short-term concerns about an interest rate change.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Asset Allocation









Benefits of asset allocation funds


Asset class diversification
Disciplined, ongoing asset allocation
Managed to help meet your needs for income and growth potential





Why Fidelity asset allocation funds

Over 25 years of delivering innovative asset allocation strategies
Professionally-managed strategies provide ongoing diversification through underlying fixed income and equity building blocks
Dedicated research teams provide macroeconomic, quantitative and fundamental insights with broader access to Fidelity's research professionals

Fidelity’s asset allocation philosophy











Target Date

Fidelity Freedom® 2005 Fund (FFFVX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2010 Fund (FFFCX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2015 Fund (FFVFX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2020 Fund (FFFDX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2025 Fund (FFTWX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2030 Fund (FFFEX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2035 Fund (FFTHX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2040 Fund (FFFFX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2045 Fund (FFFGX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2050 Fund (FFFHX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2055 Fund (FDEEX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2060 Fund (FDKVX)

Fidelity Freedom® Income Fund (FFFAX)




Target Risk

Fidelity Asset Manager® 20% (FASIX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 30% (FTANX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 40% (FFANX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 50% (FASMX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 60% (FSANX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 70% (FASGX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 85% (FAMRX)

Income and Real Return Strategies

Fidelity® Strategic Income Fund (FSICX)

Fidelity® Strategic Dividend & Income® Fund (FSDIX)

Fidelity® Strategic Real Return Fund (FSRRX)
Balanced Allocation

Fidelity Asset Manager® 60% (FSANX)

Fidelity® Balanced Fund (FBALX)

Fidelity® Global Balanced Fund (FGBLX)

Fidelity® Global Strategies Fund (FDYSX)

Fidelity® Puritan® Fund (FPURX)




Simplicity RMD Funds

Fidelity Simplicity RMD Income Fund (FIRNX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2005 Fund (FIRPX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2010 Fund (FIRRX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2015 Fund (FIRUX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2020 Fund (FIRWX)






Research all Fidelity asset allocation funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Retirement math


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Four key guidelines to help you stay on track on your journey to retirement—your “someday.”
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





How can I make my savings last?


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Limit withdrawals to no more than 4% to 5% in the first year of retirement and adjust for inflation annually.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





6 habits of successful investors


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Planning, consistency, and sound fundamentals can improve results.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Upside to down markets


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Here are five ways that may help take advantage of falling prices.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Index









Benefits of index funds


Generally lower management fees
Potentially more tax-efficient
Reduced portfolio turnover





Why Fidelity index funds

Nearly 30 years of experience managing index funds
Some of the least expensive index funds in the industry
Funds that track the most widely followed equity and fixed income indexes

Why Fidelity Index Funds











Domestic Stock
Fidelity® 500 Index Fund

Investor Class (FUSEX)
Premium Class (FUSVX)

Fidelity® Extended Market Index Fund

Investor Class (FSEMX)
Premium Class (FSEVX)

Fidelity® Mid Cap Index Fund

Investor Class (FSCLX)
Premium Class (FSCKX)

Fidelity® Small Cap Index Fund

Investor Class (FSSPX)
Premium Class (FSSVX)

Fidelity® U.S. Sustainability Index Fund

Investor Class (FENSX)
Premium Class (FPNSX)

Fidelity® Total Market Index Fund

Investor Class (FSTMX)
Premium Class (FSTVX)

Fidelity® Nasdaq® Composite Index Fund (FNCMX)
Fidelity® Large Cap Growth Index Fund

Investor Class (FSUIX)
Premium Class (FSUPX)

Fidelity® Large Cap Value Index Fund

Investor Class (FLCDX)
Premium Class (FLCHX)





International Stock
Fidelity® International Index Fund

Investor Class (FSIIX)
Premium Class (FSIVX)

Fidelity® Global ex US Index Fund

Investor Class (FSGUX)
Premium Class (FSGDX)

Fidelity® Emerging Markets Index Fund

Investor Class (FPEMX)
Premium Class (FPMAX)

Fidelity® International Sustainability Index Fund

Investor Class (FNIYX)
Premium Class (FNIRX)

Fidelity® Total International Index Fund

Investor Class (FTIGX)
Premium Class (FTIPX)

Speciality
Fidelity® Real Estate Index Fund

Investor Class (FRXIX)
Premium Class (FSRVX)

Fidelity® Four-in-One Index Fund (FFNOX)




Bond
Fidelity® U.S. Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FBIDX)
Premium Class (FSITX)

Fidelity® Short-Term Treasury Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FSBIX)
Premium Class (FSBAX)

Fidelity® Intermediate Treasury Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FIBIX)
Premium Class (FIBAX)

Fidelity® Long-Term Treasury Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FLBIX)
Premium Class (FLBAX)

Fidelity® Inflation-Protected Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FSIQX)
Premium Class (FSIYX)







Research all Fidelity index funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Active and passive


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       How a mix of both approaches can suit an investor’s preferences.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Cost of investing


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Investing costs, including fees charged by funds, erode your returns over time. Here’s what you need to know.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Three myths of index funds


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Learn how actively managed mutual funds can help investors during volatile or down markets.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Shop smart


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Costs can really vary among seemingly similar passive investments such as ETFs and index funds. Learn how.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Money Market









Benefits of money market funds


Short maturities and minimal credit risk
Choice of either U.S. Treasury or government fund as the core position to handle trades and transactions in any type of account
Municipal funds potentially offer tax-exempt income for non-retirement accounts

How Fidelity is staying ahead of regulatory changes




Why Fidelity money market funds

Experience managing $400+ billion in assets for millions of customers1
Emphasis on stability and safety as first priorities for investors' assets
Broad set of choices to suit retirement and non-retirement investing goals

How Fidelity manages money market funds











Treasury and Government Money Market3

Fidelity® Government Money Market Fund (SPAXX)

Fidelity® Government Money Market Fund - Premium Class (FZCXX)

Fidelity® Government Cash Reserves (FDRXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Government Portfolio - Class I (FIGXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Government Portfolio - Institutional Class (FRGXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Only - Class I (FSIXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Only - Institutional Class (FRSXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Portfolio - Class I (FISXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Portfolio - Institutional Class (FRBXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Trust Retirement Government Money Market II Portfolio (FRTXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Trust Retirement Government Money Market Portfolio (FGMXX)

Fidelity® Treasury Money Market Fund (FZFXX)

Fidelity® Treasury Only Money Market Fund (FDLXX)




State Municipal Money Market4

Retail Municipal

Fidelity® Arizona Municipal Money Market Fund (FSAXX)

Fidelity® California AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FSPXX)

Fidelity® California AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FSBXX)

Fidelity® California Municipal Money Market Fund (FCFXX)

Fidelity® Connecticut Municipal Money Market Fund (FCMXX)

Fidelity® Massachusetts AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FMSXX)

Fidelity Massachusetts AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FMAXX)

Fidelity® Massachusetts Municipal Money Market Fund (FDMXX)

Fidelity® Michigan Municipal Money Market Fund (FMIXX)

Fidelity® New Jersey AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FSJXX)

Fidelity® New Jersey AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FSKXX)

Fidelity® New Jersey Municipal Money Market Fund (FNJXX)

Fidelity® New York AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FSNXX)

Fidelity® New York AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FNKXX)

Fidelity® New York Municipal Money Market Fund (FNYXX)

Fidelity® Ohio Municipal Money Market Fund (FOMXX)

Fidelity® Pennsylvania Municipal Money Market Fund (FPTXX)




National Municipal Money Market4

Retail Municipal

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Tax Exempt - Class I (FTCXX)

Fidelity® Municipal Money Market Fund (FTEXX)

Fidelity® Tax-Exempt Money Market (FMOXX)

Fidelity® Tax-Exempt Money Market Fund - Premium Class (FZEXX)
Prime (General Purpose) Money Market

Retail Prime4

Fidelity® Investments Money Market - Money Market Portfolio - Class I (FMPXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market - Money Market Portfolio - Institutional Class (FNSXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Fund (SPRXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Fund - Premium Class (FZDXX)
Institutional Prime5

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Prime Reserves Portfolio – CL I (FDPXX)

Fidelity® Investment Money Market Prime Reserves Portfolio – Institutional Class (FHPXX)






Research all Fidelity money market funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Seek more yield on cash


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Here are some ways to potentially boost the income from your cash.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Rising interest rates and you


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Your savings may earn a bit more if the Federal Reserve raises rates—but you may pay more to borrow money too.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Money market update


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       How Fidelity responded to new U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) regulations.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





4 ways to earn more on savings


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Some savings and investing options offer higher yields than a savings account—with potentially more risk.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Next steps







Explore Fidelity Fund Portfolios










Research all Fidelity Funds










Sign up for free Guest Access












Additional information


Learn more about mutual funds
Fidelity Fund Quarterly Commentary
Fidelity's High Income Capabilities (PDF)















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.







Past performance is no guarantee of future results.



Diversification and asset allocation do not ensure a profit or guarantee against loss.


          * Fidelity's goal is to make financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. With assets under administration of $5.6 trillion, including managed assets of $2.1 trillion as of September 30, 2016, we focus on meeting the unique needs of a diverse set of customers: helping more than 24 million people invest their own life savings, nearly 20,000 businesses manage employee benefit programs, as well as providing nearly 10,000 advisory firms with technology solutions to invest their own clients' money.
	
    

          1. Fidelity Management & Research Company and Fidelity Institutional Asset Management, as of 9/30/16. Data is unaudited. These figures reflect the resources of Fidelity Management & Research Company, a U.S. company, and its subsidiaries. Research professionals include portfolio managers, research analysts and research associates.
	
    

          2. Highly rated funds are defined as those funds that have a 4- or 5-Star Morningstar rating. For each fund, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar RatingTM metric each month by subtracting the return on a 90-day U.S. Treasury Bill from the fund's load-adjusted return for the same period, and then adjusting this excess return for risk. The top 10% of funds in each broad asset class receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. (Each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages.) Although gathered from reliable sources, data completeness and accuracy cannot be guaranteed by Morningstar.
	
    

          3. You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time. Fidelity's government and U.S. Treasury money market funds will not impose a fee upon the sale of your shares, nor temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the fund's weekly liquid assets fall below 30% of its total assets because of market conditions or other factors.
	
    

          4. You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. The fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund's sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


          5. You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Because the share price of the fund will fluctuate, when you sell your shares they may be worth more or less than what you originally paid for them. The fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund's sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


Because of their narrow focus, sector investments tend to be more volatile than investments that diversify across many sectors and companies.


          Foreign securities are subject to interest rate, currency exchange rate, economic, and political risks, all of which are magnified in emerging markets.
	
    

The securities of smaller, less well known companies can be more volatile than those of larger companies.


Because of their narrow focus, sector investments tend to be more volatile than investments that diversify across many sectors and companies.


In general, the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk, and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so holding them until maturity to avoid losses caused by price volatility is not possible.



Indexes are unmanaged. It is not possible to invest directly in an index.



727360.14.0










Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Income & Real Return Strategy Funds
                                                        

                                           








Fidelity Strategic Funds are multi-asset-class strategies that seek to address key income needs—bond income from global sources, non-bond income from dividend-paying securities, and real return to help protect against inflation—by investing in a diversified mix of fixed income and/or equity investments chosen for their historical combined performance.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Income Replacement Funds
                                                        

                                           








Fidelity Income Replacement FundsSM combine the power of professional asset management with professionally managed withdrawals to help turn part of your savings into regular monthly payments.*














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Target Risk Funds
                                                        

                                           








For investors who want a fund that maintains a target asset allocation that reflects the tolerance for risk with which they are comfortable. Funds contain a professionally managed allocation of stocks, bonds, and short-term investments.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Target Date Funds
                                                        

                                           








Fidelity Freedom® Funds, also called target date funds, are all-in-one investment strategies that can help take the guesswork out of building and maintaining an age-based retirement portfolio.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Balanced Allocation Funds
                                                        

                                           








World allocation funds invest in a wide range of asset classes, giving the manager the flexibility to pursue investment opportunities anywhere around the globe.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Corporate Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest in bonds issued by corporations. The yields and risks are generally higher than those offered by government and most municipal bonds, and the income is subject to state and federal taxes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Diversified/Opportunistic Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest across a diverse range of fixed income sectors, including high yield securities, U.S. Government and investment-grade securities, emerging market securities and foreign developed market debt. Some funds may also invest a portion of the portfolio in equity securities.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Government Funds
                                                        

                                           








Government bond funds invest in bonds issued by the U.S. government and government-sponsored enterprises, as well as mortgage and other asset-backed securities.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           High Yield Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








High yield bond funds take higher risks with the goal of paying higher yields by investing primarily in securities that are either not rated, or have been rated below investment grade by the major ratings agencies—for taxable funds, BB and below.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           International Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








International bond funds invest in a range of taxable bonds issued by foreign governments and corporations.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Mortgage Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest in securities backed by pools of mortgages issued by government agencies, banks, or other financial institutions.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Municipal – National Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in municipal bonds issued by various state and local governments. The income from these bonds is generally free from federal taxes, although a portion may be subject to state and local taxes, as well as the federal alternative minimum tax (AMT).














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Municipal – State Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest primarily in municipal bonds issued in a specific state. Each state-specific category includes long, intermediate, and short duration bond funds. The income from all state-specific funds is generally exempt from federal and state taxes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Short Duration Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








Short duration bond funds can help you manage the impact of interest rate changes on your portfolio. They can also offer higher yields in comparison to cash investments. Our short duration funds have an average duration that's typically less than five years, and offer varying yields and levels of credit risk.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Diversifiers Funds
                                                        

                                           








These specialized strategies pursue specific and sometimes narrower opportunities and can come with a higher potential risk/reward ratio. They are often used as diversifiers within a well-balanced portfolio.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Go-Anywhere Funds
                                                        

                                           








Unconstrained by Morningstar categories, these funds can cast a wider net and have the flexibility to seek the best ideas anywhere in the market—regardless of market capitalization or style. .














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Income-Oriented Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest in stocks that pay dividends in line with or higher than the broader market. This strategy, known as equity income investing, can be an attractive alternative to bond investing as it seeks to offer greater protection against inflation as well as potential for capital appreciation.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Large Blend Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values greater than $10 billion. These funds invest in a combination of growth- and value-oriented stocks.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Large Growth Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values greater than $10 billion that fund managers believe are poised for growth. Growth can be based on a variety of factors, such as revenue or earnings growth. Growth funds are typically focused on generating capital gains rather than income.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Large Value Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values greater than $10 billion that fund managers believe have been undervalued by the market. Value can be determined by a variety of measures, including price-to-earnings ratio, price-to-book ratio, or dividend yield.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Small/Mid Blend Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values below $10 billion. These funds invest in a combination of growth- and value-oriented stocks.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Small/Mid Growth Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values between $2 billion and $10 billion that fund managers believe are poised for growth. Growth can be based on a variety of factors, such as revenue or earnings growth. Growth funds are typically focused on generating capital gains rather than income.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Small/Mid Value Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values below $10 billion that fund managers believe are undervalued by the market. Value can be determined by a variety of measures, including price-to-earnings ratio, price-to-book ratio, or dividend yield.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Bond Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to mirror the performance of an index such as the Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index or the Barclays U.S. 1–5 Year Treasury Bond Index.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Domestic Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to mimic the performance of a major U.S. equity index, such as the S&P 500 or the Russell 2000 indexes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           International Stock Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to track the performance of well-known international equity indexes, such as the FTSE Emerging Index or the MSCI EAFE Index.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Speciality Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to track the performance of a narrow segment of the market such as precious metals. They can also employ a nontraditional investment approach like investing in a fund that tracks both equity and bond indexes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Core International Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in stocks issued by companies throughout the world, except for the U.S.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Emerging Markets Funds
                                                        

                                           








Focus on stocks issued by companies based in countries with less developed economies.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Global Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in stocks issued by companies around the world, including the U.S.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Regional & Single Country Funds
                                                        

                                           








Focus on a particular country or area of the world, such as Europe, Asia-Pacific, or Latin America.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           National Municipal Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes, and in some cases the alternative minimum tax.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity national municipal money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           General Purpose (Prime) Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in high‐quality, U.S. dollar‐denominated, short‐term taxable money market securities from government and private issuers, including corporations.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity general purpose (prime) money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           State Municipal Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes and may be exempt from state income taxes depending on your state of residence.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity state municipal money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Treasury and Government Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in U.S. Treasury and other taxable U.S. government securities.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity U.S. Treasury and government money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Consumer Discretionary Funds
                                                        

                                           








Companies in the Consumer Discretionary sector manufacture goods or provide services that people want but, don't necessarily need, such as high-definition televisions, new cars, and family vacations.
Learn about consumer discretionary funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Consumer Staples Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Consumer Staples sector consists of companies that provide goods and services that people use on a daily basis, like food, clothing, or other personal products.
Learn about consumer staples funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Energy Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Energy sector consists of companies involved in the exploration, production, or management of energy resources such as oil, gas, and coal, as well as companies that service these industries.
Learn more about energy funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Financials Funds
                                                        

                                           








Companies in the Financials sector are engaged in businesses such as banking and brokerage, mortgage finance, insurance, or real estate development.
Learn more about financials funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Health Care Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Health Care sector includes companies engaged in the production and delivery of medicine and health care–related goods and services.
Learn more about health care funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Industrials Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Industrials sector includes companies that manufacture and distribute capital goods in support of industries such as aerospace and defense, construction and engineering, and electrical equipment and heavy machinery.
Learn more about industrial funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Information Technology Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Information Technology sector comprises companies that are engaged in the creation, storage, and exchange of digital information.
Learn more about information technology funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Materials Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Materials sector consists of companies that are engaged in the manufacturing or processing of chemicals and plastics, the harvesting of forests, or the extraction of metals and minerals.
Learn more about materials funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Real Estate Funds
                                                        

                                           








Real estate exposure can be obtained through a variety of different types of securities, including common stocks, bonds, preferred stocks, and securities of real estate investment trusts (REITs) and commercial mortgage backed securities (CMBs).
Learn more about real estate funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Telecommunications Funds
                                                        

                                           








Companies in the Telecommunications sector provide traditional fixed-line telephone, wireless, and data services. These companies can also be engaged in the designing, building, and servicing of communications devices and networks.
Learn more about telecommunications funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Utilities Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Utilities sector includes companies that engage in the production and delivery of electric power, natural gas, water, and other utility services, such as steam and cooled air.
Learn more about utilities funds























 










Fund Picks from Fidelity | Fidelity Investments







Loading...















Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 
















 You are here: 

Home »
Research »
Mutual Funds »


























Fund Picks From Fidelity®



			You need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser to access this content.
			





Every quarter, we screen all funds available through Fidelity, including those managed by other fund companies, to provide you with a list of funds that meet our selection criteria.


Funds have no transaction fees*
Investment profiles are taken into account, including key features and investment minimums
Three-year performance history is tracked
Funds offer highest three-year risk-adjusted returns within Morningstar category








Search Fund Picks
































© 1998 – 2015 FMR LLC.
All rights reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map





















Mutual Funds Research | Fidelity Investments









Loading...














Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 













 You are here: 

Home »
Mutual Funds Research
























Mutual Funds Research


Search funds by name, symbol, family, or Top 10 Holding Find a mutual fund
										










									You need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser to access this content.
								







 Gathering Results


NEW - Organize and track your favorite funds with My Research. Get Started  .


SEARCH AND COMPARE FUNDS








Learn more














* Compared to Morningstar category average








MatchingFunds



























Questions?
800-343-3548

Instant message a representative



Why choose Fidelity?
Investing with Fidelity gives you access to over 10,000 funds from hundreds of fund companies, making it easy to find the right funds for any investment need.

Learn more about investing with Fidelity



Education

What are Mutual Funds?
Types of Mutual Funds



Learn More

My Research 
Fidelity funds daily prices
Browse Fidelity funds
Browse all Funds




























© 1998 – 2015 FMR LLC.
All rights reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map












 










Impact Investing | Social Impact Funds | SSGA
























































VIEWPOINTS
IMPACT INVESTING


















Environmental Social Governance

Investing and Giving for Good























Jaidip  Chanda

Head of Charitable Asset Management
BIO





Jai Chanda, Head of Charitable Asset Management, discusses how the SHE donor advised fund gives back to our communities by funding female leadership programs.














































*Noland, Marcus et al. “Is Gender Diversity Profitable? Evidence from a Global Survey.” Peterson Institute for International Economics, February 2016.
 



Concentrated investments in a particular industry or sector may be more vulnerable to adverse changes in that industry or sector.
                                                                                                                                                                                                             
ETFs trade like stocks, are subject to investment risk, fluctuate in market value and may trade at prices above or below the ETFs net asset value. Brokerage commissions and ETF expenses will reduce returns.

Equity securities may fluctuate in value in response to the activities of individual companies and general market and economic conditions.

Gender diversity risk: The returns on a portfolio of securities that excludes companies that are not gender diverse may trail the returns on a portfolio of securities that includes companies that are not gender diverse.

Non-diversified funds that focus on a relatively small number of issuers tend to be more volatile than diversified funds and the market as a whole.

Passively managed funds hold a range of securities that, in the aggregate, approximates the full Index in terms of key risk factors and other characteristics. This may cause the fund to experience tracking errors relative to performance of the index.

Companies with large market capitalizations go in and out of favor based on market and economic conditions. Larger companies tend to be less volatile than companies with smaller market capitalizations. In exchange for this potentially lower risk, the value of the security may not rise as much as companies with smaller market capitalizations.

Past performance is not a guarantee of future results.

“SPDR” is a product of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC (“SPDJI”) and has been licensed for use by State Street Corporation.
Standard & Poor’s®, S&P® and SPDR® are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC (S&P); Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC (Dow Jones); and these trademarks have been licensed for use by S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC (SPDJI) and sublicensed for certain purposes by State Street Corporation. State Street Corporation’s financial products are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by SPDJI, Dow Jones, S&P, their respective affiliates and third party licensors and none of such parties make any representation regarding the advisability of investing in such product(s) nor do they have any liability in relation thereto, including for any errors, omissions, or interruptions of any index.

Distributor: State Street Global Advisors Funds Distributors, LLC, member FINRA, SIPC, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of State Street Corporation. References to State Street may include State Street Corporation and its affiliates. Certain State Street affiliates provide services and receive fees from the SPDR ETFs.
Before investing, consider the fund’s investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. To obtain a prospectus or summary prospectus which contains this other information, call 866.787.2257 or visit spdrs.com. Read it carefully.
















×CLOSE
Local Office Contact

 








×
REGISTER

 








×CLOSE
Please log in to view the locked content.
You are entering a State Street system








Not registered yet?
If you're an existing client, but don't have access to the client site, please register.


REGISTER 



















×CLOSE
Choose Region & RolePlease select your region below to explore tailored content for your area






Region







GLOBAL Official Institution



Location



 




 English 



  







Role




   

Permitted Client (Canada)




If you are none of above, continue 
				anonymously.



 









×CLOSE















×CLOSE
Send PDF


* indicates a required field


Your Email



Subject



Recipient's Email



Message
Here's an interesting article from State Street Global Advisors.

Send 









×CLOSE












×CLOSE
Important Access Disclosure

 








REMOTE ACCESS SERVICES AGREEMENT

 








×CLOSE
You are leaving SSgA.com


The website you are accessing is created and maintained by another entity. We make no representation or warranty with respect to the information contained on the site or that it is appropriate in all jurisdictions or countries, or for use by all investors or counterparties. The products and services discussed at this site may not be appropriate for sale or use by all investors or counterparties. By providing this link, we are not providing you with investment advice or offering securities for sale to you. All persons and entities that access this site do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws and regulations.


CancelGo to Site








×CLOSE
DOWNLOAD YOUR FREE COPY











×CLOSE
Page Not Found Title


Page Not Fount Message

CLOSE










×CLOSE















×CLOSE
Share via email


* indicates a required field


Your Email



Subject



Recipient's Email



Message
I thought you'd be interested in checking out the latest insights on the State Street Global Advisors Blog.

Send 









×CLOSE





























Product Listing

























































FundsStrategies
BACK TO PREVIOUS PAGE   


Investment Type




Funds



Strategies





Asset class







  ()



  ()









  ()



  ()

















 ({{facet.count}})


  ({{geography.count}})








  ({{facet.count}})








{{key | formatFacetGroupHeading}}






 ({{facet.count}})


  ({{geography.count}})








  ({{facet.count}})













          Results({{fundsTotalResults}})

Funds
remove






 {{fundsResultCount.currentRes}} - {{fundsResultCount.shownRes}} of {{fundsResultCount.totalRes}} results 
 {{fundsResultCount.totalRes}} 件中 {{fundsResultCount.currentRes}} - {{fundsResultCount.shownRes}}件 

Prev
{{pages.pageNo}}{{pages.pageNo}}
Next







FUND NAME
ARSN/TICKER
ARSN
CUR
NAV/Yield % 
AS OF DATE
DOCS










   


view




FUND NAME
CLASS
ISIN
CUR
NAV
AS OF DATE
DOCS









 view







Fund Name
ISIN
NAV
CUR
As of Date
DOCS






JPY

 VIEW






 {{fundsResultCount.currentRes}} - {{fundsResultCount.shownRes}} of {{fundsResultCount.totalRes}} results 
 {{fundsResultCount.totalRes}} 件中 {{fundsResultCount.currentRes}} - {{fundsResultCount.shownRes}}件 

Prev
{{pages.pageNo}}{{pages.pageNo}}
Next



No funds were found for the selected criteria.




          Results({{strategyTotalResults}})

Strategies
remove






 {{strategyResultCount.currentRes}} - {{strategyResultCount.shownRes}} of {{strategyResultCount.totalRes}} results 

Prev
{{pages.pageNo}}{{pages.pageNo}}
Next



Strategy Name


Benchmark: 




 {{strategyResultCount.currentRes}} - {{strategyResultCount.shownRes}} of {{strategyResultCount.totalRes}} results 

Prev
{{pages.pageNo}}{{pages.pageNo}}
Next



No Strategies were found for the selected criteria.




          Results(0)

No results were found for the selected criteria.









 X
SSGA healthcare Equity documents




{{prodData.cabinetName}}


{{row.categoryName}}


{{lang.languageName}}
{{lang.languageName}}








        	No documents retrieved for the selected fund.

        	SERVICE_ERROR













×CLOSE
Local Office Contact

 








×
REGISTER

 








×CLOSE
Please log in to view the locked content.
You are entering a State Street system








Not registered yet?
If you're an existing client, but don't have access to the client site, please register.


REGISTER 



















×CLOSE
Choose Region & RolePlease select your region below to explore tailored content for your area






Region







GLOBAL Official Institution



Location



 




 English 



  







Role




   

Permitted Client (Canada)




If you are none of above, continue 
				anonymously.



 









×CLOSE















×CLOSE
Send PDF


* indicates a required field


Your Email



Subject



Recipient's Email



Message
Here's an interesting article from State Street Global Advisors.

Send 









×CLOSE












×CLOSE
Important Access Disclosure

 








REMOTE ACCESS SERVICES AGREEMENT

 








×CLOSE
You are leaving SSgA.com


The website you are accessing is created and maintained by another entity. We make no representation or warranty with respect to the information contained on the site or that it is appropriate in all jurisdictions or countries, or for use by all investors or counterparties. The products and services discussed at this site may not be appropriate for sale or use by all investors or counterparties. By providing this link, we are not providing you with investment advice or offering securities for sale to you. All persons and entities that access this site do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws and regulations.


CancelGo to Site








×CLOSE
DOWNLOAD YOUR FREE COPY











×CLOSE
Page Not Found Title


Page Not Fount Message

CLOSE










×CLOSE















×CLOSE
Share via email


* indicates a required field


Your Email



Subject



Recipient's Email



Message
I thought you'd be interested in checking out the latest insights on the State Street Global Advisors Blog.

Send 









×CLOSE





























About Us | Who We Are | SSGA
























































ABOUT US
STATE STREET GLOBAL ADVISORS



For nearly four decades, State Street Global Advisors has helped our clients and those who rely on them to invest responsibly, enabling economic prosperity and social progress.
 














Who We Are

A Message from Ron O'Hanley























Ronald P. O'Hanley

President & Chief Executive Officer
BIO





Watch State Street Global Advisors’ President and CEO describe how our capabilities and approach create long-term value for clients across the globe.








Learn More About Us


 


Mission

At State Street Global Advisors, our mission is clear: we believe investing responsibly enables economic prosperity and social progress. 


 


History of Innovation

At State Street Global Advisors, we’ve always focused on Responsible Innovation that benefits investors and the world.


 


Asset Stewardship

We actively engage with companies on a range of important governance and sustainability issues to ensure our portfolios are appropriately focused on long-term value creation.




 


Global Capabilities

With offices in nearly every corner of the world, our scale and global reach offer clients unrivaled access to markets, geographies and asset classes.


 


Who We Serve

We partner with the world’s largest, most sophisticated investors and financial intermediaries to help them reach their goals through a rigorous, research-driven investment process.



 


Leadership Team

Get to know the senior leaders at State Street Global Advisors, including President and CEO Ron O’Hanley.













Accolades


Awards and Recognition

Globally we have been recognized for our outstanding service and innovation. Learn more about the most recent industry awards and recognition we have received.






Working Here


Careers at SSGA

At State Street Global Advisors, we give people an opportunity to make a difference – to enable economic prosperity and social progress by helping more people and institutions invest responsibly. Learn more about what it means to join our team.






State Street Newsroom


SSGA Press Releases

Read the latest news from State Street Global Advisors and other State Street Corporation business units.















×CLOSE
Local Office Contact

 








×
REGISTER

 








×CLOSE
Please log in to view the locked content.
You are entering a State Street system








Not registered yet?
If you're an existing client, but don't have access to the client site, please register.


REGISTER 



















×CLOSE
Choose Region & RolePlease select your region below to explore tailored content for your area






Region







GLOBAL Official Institution



Location



 




 English 



  







Role




   

Permitted Client (Canada)




If you are none of above, continue 
				anonymously.



 









×CLOSE















×CLOSE
Send PDF


* indicates a required field


Your Email



Subject



Recipient's Email



Message
Here's an interesting article from State Street Global Advisors.

Send 









×CLOSE












×CLOSE
Important Access Disclosure

 








REMOTE ACCESS SERVICES AGREEMENT

 








×CLOSE
You are leaving SSgA.com


The website you are accessing is created and maintained by another entity. We make no representation or warranty with respect to the information contained on the site or that it is appropriate in all jurisdictions or countries, or for use by all investors or counterparties. The products and services discussed at this site may not be appropriate for sale or use by all investors or counterparties. By providing this link, we are not providing you with investment advice or offering securities for sale to you. All persons and entities that access this site do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws and regulations.


CancelGo to Site








×CLOSE
DOWNLOAD YOUR FREE COPY











×CLOSE
Page Not Found Title


Page Not Fount Message

CLOSE










×CLOSE















×CLOSE
Share via email


* indicates a required field


Your Email



Subject



Recipient's Email



Message
I thought you'd be interested in checking out the latest insights on the State Street Global Advisors Blog.

Send 









×CLOSE





























Article Listing
























































Articles
BACK TO PREVIOUS PAGE    






Results





Sort By



Most Recent
Title
Author
Publication Type



































					Service Error















×CLOSE
Local Office Contact

 








×
REGISTER

 








×CLOSE
Please log in to view the locked content.
You are entering a State Street system








Not registered yet?
If you're an existing client, but don't have access to the client site, please register.


REGISTER 



















×CLOSE
Choose Region & RolePlease select your region below to explore tailored content for your area






Region







GLOBAL Official Institution



Location



 




 English 



  







Role




   

Permitted Client (Canada)




If you are none of above, continue 
				anonymously.



 









×CLOSE















×CLOSE
Send PDF


* indicates a required field


Your Email



Subject



Recipient's Email



Message
Here's an interesting article from State Street Global Advisors.

Send 









×CLOSE












×CLOSE
Important Access Disclosure

 








REMOTE ACCESS SERVICES AGREEMENT

 








×CLOSE
You are leaving SSgA.com


The website you are accessing is created and maintained by another entity. We make no representation or warranty with respect to the information contained on the site or that it is appropriate in all jurisdictions or countries, or for use by all investors or counterparties. The products and services discussed at this site may not be appropriate for sale or use by all investors or counterparties. By providing this link, we are not providing you with investment advice or offering securities for sale to you. All persons and entities that access this site do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws and regulations.


CancelGo to Site








×CLOSE
DOWNLOAD YOUR FREE COPY











×CLOSE
Page Not Found Title


Page Not Fount Message

CLOSE










×CLOSE















×CLOSE
Share via email


* indicates a required field


Your Email



Subject



Recipient's Email



Message
I thought you'd be interested in checking out the latest insights on the State Street Global Advisors Blog.

Send 









×CLOSE













































Amana Mutual Funds Trust | Saturna Capital




























Skip to main content






MENU
 
 
 
Toggle navigation





Account Login My Fund Account
Saturna Brokerage
401(k) Account





Search form
Search






Documents & Forms Mutual Funds
Account Maintenance
Individual Retirement Accounts
Saturna Capital
Health Savings Accounts
Saturna Brokerage
Education Savings Accounts
Saturna Trust Company
Employer Plans

Contact
Site Map











Saturna Capital




Contact
1-800-728-8762
 



Values-Based Global Asset Managers










HomeFunds & PerformanceAmana Mutual Funds Trust 
















Following Principles of Islamic Finance




 






 




Amana Income
Investor Shares: AMANX
Institutional Shares: AMINX
Amana Developing World
Investor Shares: AMDWX
Institutional Shares: AMIDX






Not sure how to choose between the Funds?
The Amana Fund Selector can help!
Try it out.






Amana Growth
Investor Shares: AMAGX
Institutional Shares: AMIGX
Amana Participation
Investor Shares: AMAPX
Institutional Shares: AMIPX




 
 










Amana Participation Fund Explainer Video

 


 






Investment Process
Saturna Capital, the Funds' investment adviser, screens more than 10,000 global equities monthly.
Read more...


Quarterly Commentary
Stay informed with the latest insights from our portfolio managers and analysts.
Read more...





 
 










Halal Investing






Investing For Hajj






Investing & Zakah





 
 











Amana Mutual Funds Trust
 





Amana Founders Video

 


Watch Amana Mutual Funds Trust founders, Nick Kaiser and Yaqub Mirza, discuss the creation and history of the Trust.

At Saturna Capital and the Amana Mutual Funds Trust, we endeavor to align our investments with our principles.
Our Funds favor companies with low price-to-earnings multiples, strong balance sheets, and proven businesses. They follow a value-oriented approach consistent with Islamic finance principles. Generally, these principles require that investors avoid interest and investments in businesses such as liquor, pornography, gambling, and banks. The Funds avoid bonds and other conventional fixed-income securities.
Saturna Capital selects investments in companies that to its knowledge do not violate the requirements of the Islamic faith at the time of investment. To ensure that investments continue to meet the requirements of the Islamic faith, Saturna Capital engages Amanie Advisors Sdn Bhd, a leading consultant specializing in Islamic finance.
The Amana Funds limit the securities they purchase to those consistent with Islamic principles. This limits opportunities and may affect performance.
 
 





Saturna White Papers: Educational Series 

  
  
 Dancing with Correlation 
 We explore the correlation between Islamic investment certificates, including sukuk, and other investment asset classes as a means of better understanding the risk and return characteristics of this unique and distinct asset class.
 
   

  
 What Makes Sukuk Halal? 
 We explain what differentiates Islamic investment certificates, often called sukuk, from conventional bonds, and identifies the distinctive features that form the core of what makes sukuk Islamic-compliant, or halal.
 
   
 








Income Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Growth Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Developing World Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Participation Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Related Links:
Quarterly Commentary
Investment Process
Halal Investing
Investing and Zakah
Investing for Hajj
Amana Fund Selector
Amana Mutual Funds Trust Board Governance Policies
Renewal of Investment Advisory Contract
Disclosure of Portfolio Holdings
Form N-Q
Proxy Voting Guidelines
Form N-PX
Amana Documents




 

























Amana Mutual Funds Trust | Saturna Capital




























Skip to main content






MENU
 
 
 
Toggle navigation





Account Login My Fund Account
Saturna Brokerage
401(k) Account





Search form
Search






Documents & Forms Mutual Funds
Account Maintenance
Individual Retirement Accounts
Saturna Capital
Health Savings Accounts
Saturna Brokerage
Education Savings Accounts
Saturna Trust Company
Employer Plans

Contact
Site Map











Saturna Capital




Contact
1-800-728-8762
 



Values-Based Global Asset Managers










HomeFunds & PerformanceAmana Mutual Funds Trust 
















Following Principles of Islamic Finance




 






 




Amana Income
Investor Shares: AMANX
Institutional Shares: AMINX
Amana Developing World
Investor Shares: AMDWX
Institutional Shares: AMIDX






Not sure how to choose between the Funds?
The Amana Fund Selector can help!
Try it out.






Amana Growth
Investor Shares: AMAGX
Institutional Shares: AMIGX
Amana Participation
Investor Shares: AMAPX
Institutional Shares: AMIPX




 
 










Amana Participation Fund Explainer Video

 


 






Investment Process
Saturna Capital, the Funds' investment adviser, screens more than 10,000 global equities monthly.
Read more...


Quarterly Commentary
Stay informed with the latest insights from our portfolio managers and analysts.
Read more...





 
 










Halal Investing






Investing For Hajj






Investing & Zakah





 
 











Amana Mutual Funds Trust
 





Amana Founders Video

 


Watch Amana Mutual Funds Trust founders, Nick Kaiser and Yaqub Mirza, discuss the creation and history of the Trust.

At Saturna Capital and the Amana Mutual Funds Trust, we endeavor to align our investments with our principles.
Our Funds favor companies with low price-to-earnings multiples, strong balance sheets, and proven businesses. They follow a value-oriented approach consistent with Islamic finance principles. Generally, these principles require that investors avoid interest and investments in businesses such as liquor, pornography, gambling, and banks. The Funds avoid bonds and other conventional fixed-income securities.
Saturna Capital selects investments in companies that to its knowledge do not violate the requirements of the Islamic faith at the time of investment. To ensure that investments continue to meet the requirements of the Islamic faith, Saturna Capital engages Amanie Advisors Sdn Bhd, a leading consultant specializing in Islamic finance.
The Amana Funds limit the securities they purchase to those consistent with Islamic principles. This limits opportunities and may affect performance.
 
 





Saturna White Papers: Educational Series 

  
  
 Dancing with Correlation 
 We explore the correlation between Islamic investment certificates, including sukuk, and other investment asset classes as a means of better understanding the risk and return characteristics of this unique and distinct asset class.
 
   

  
 What Makes Sukuk Halal? 
 We explain what differentiates Islamic investment certificates, often called sukuk, from conventional bonds, and identifies the distinctive features that form the core of what makes sukuk Islamic-compliant, or halal.
 
   
 








Income Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Growth Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Developing World Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Participation Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Related Links:
Quarterly Commentary
Investment Process
Halal Investing
Investing and Zakah
Investing for Hajj
Amana Fund Selector
Amana Mutual Funds Trust Board Governance Policies
Renewal of Investment Advisory Contract
Disclosure of Portfolio Holdings
Form N-Q
Proxy Voting Guidelines
Form N-PX
Amana Documents




 

























Amana Mutual Funds Trust | Saturna Capital




























Skip to main content






MENU
 
 
 
Toggle navigation





Account Login My Fund Account
Saturna Brokerage
401(k) Account





Search form
Search






Documents & Forms Mutual Funds
Account Maintenance
Individual Retirement Accounts
Saturna Capital
Health Savings Accounts
Saturna Brokerage
Education Savings Accounts
Saturna Trust Company
Employer Plans

Contact
Site Map











Saturna Capital




Contact
1-800-728-8762
 



Values-Based Global Asset Managers










HomeFunds & PerformanceAmana Mutual Funds Trust 
















Following Principles of Islamic Finance




 






 




Amana Income
Investor Shares: AMANX
Institutional Shares: AMINX
Amana Developing World
Investor Shares: AMDWX
Institutional Shares: AMIDX






Not sure how to choose between the Funds?
The Amana Fund Selector can help!
Try it out.






Amana Growth
Investor Shares: AMAGX
Institutional Shares: AMIGX
Amana Participation
Investor Shares: AMAPX
Institutional Shares: AMIPX




 
 










Amana Participation Fund Explainer Video

 


 






Investment Process
Saturna Capital, the Funds' investment adviser, screens more than 10,000 global equities monthly.
Read more...


Quarterly Commentary
Stay informed with the latest insights from our portfolio managers and analysts.
Read more...





 
 










Halal Investing






Investing For Hajj






Investing & Zakah





 
 











Amana Mutual Funds Trust
 





Amana Founders Video

 


Watch Amana Mutual Funds Trust founders, Nick Kaiser and Yaqub Mirza, discuss the creation and history of the Trust.

At Saturna Capital and the Amana Mutual Funds Trust, we endeavor to align our investments with our principles.
Our Funds favor companies with low price-to-earnings multiples, strong balance sheets, and proven businesses. They follow a value-oriented approach consistent with Islamic finance principles. Generally, these principles require that investors avoid interest and investments in businesses such as liquor, pornography, gambling, and banks. The Funds avoid bonds and other conventional fixed-income securities.
Saturna Capital selects investments in companies that to its knowledge do not violate the requirements of the Islamic faith at the time of investment. To ensure that investments continue to meet the requirements of the Islamic faith, Saturna Capital engages Amanie Advisors Sdn Bhd, a leading consultant specializing in Islamic finance.
The Amana Funds limit the securities they purchase to those consistent with Islamic principles. This limits opportunities and may affect performance.
 
 





Saturna White Papers: Educational Series 

  
  
 Dancing with Correlation 
 We explore the correlation between Islamic investment certificates, including sukuk, and other investment asset classes as a means of better understanding the risk and return characteristics of this unique and distinct asset class.
 
   

  
 What Makes Sukuk Halal? 
 We explain what differentiates Islamic investment certificates, often called sukuk, from conventional bonds, and identifies the distinctive features that form the core of what makes sukuk Islamic-compliant, or halal.
 
   
 








Income Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Growth Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Developing World Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Participation Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Related Links:
Quarterly Commentary
Investment Process
Halal Investing
Investing and Zakah
Investing for Hajj
Amana Fund Selector
Amana Mutual Funds Trust Board Governance Policies
Renewal of Investment Advisory Contract
Disclosure of Portfolio Holdings
Form N-Q
Proxy Voting Guidelines
Form N-PX
Amana Documents




 

























Amana Mutual Funds Trust | Saturna Capital




























Skip to main content






MENU
 
 
 
Toggle navigation





Account Login My Fund Account
Saturna Brokerage
401(k) Account





Search form
Search






Documents & Forms Mutual Funds
Account Maintenance
Individual Retirement Accounts
Saturna Capital
Health Savings Accounts
Saturna Brokerage
Education Savings Accounts
Saturna Trust Company
Employer Plans

Contact
Site Map











Saturna Capital




Contact
1-800-728-8762
 



Values-Based Global Asset Managers










HomeFunds & PerformanceAmana Mutual Funds Trust 
















Following Principles of Islamic Finance




 






 




Amana Income
Investor Shares: AMANX
Institutional Shares: AMINX
Amana Developing World
Investor Shares: AMDWX
Institutional Shares: AMIDX






Not sure how to choose between the Funds?
The Amana Fund Selector can help!
Try it out.






Amana Growth
Investor Shares: AMAGX
Institutional Shares: AMIGX
Amana Participation
Investor Shares: AMAPX
Institutional Shares: AMIPX




 
 










Amana Participation Fund Explainer Video

 


 






Investment Process
Saturna Capital, the Funds' investment adviser, screens more than 10,000 global equities monthly.
Read more...


Quarterly Commentary
Stay informed with the latest insights from our portfolio managers and analysts.
Read more...





 
 










Halal Investing






Investing For Hajj






Investing & Zakah





 
 











Amana Mutual Funds Trust
 





Amana Founders Video

 


Watch Amana Mutual Funds Trust founders, Nick Kaiser and Yaqub Mirza, discuss the creation and history of the Trust.

At Saturna Capital and the Amana Mutual Funds Trust, we endeavor to align our investments with our principles.
Our Funds favor companies with low price-to-earnings multiples, strong balance sheets, and proven businesses. They follow a value-oriented approach consistent with Islamic finance principles. Generally, these principles require that investors avoid interest and investments in businesses such as liquor, pornography, gambling, and banks. The Funds avoid bonds and other conventional fixed-income securities.
Saturna Capital selects investments in companies that to its knowledge do not violate the requirements of the Islamic faith at the time of investment. To ensure that investments continue to meet the requirements of the Islamic faith, Saturna Capital engages Amanie Advisors Sdn Bhd, a leading consultant specializing in Islamic finance.
The Amana Funds limit the securities they purchase to those consistent with Islamic principles. This limits opportunities and may affect performance.
 
 





Saturna White Papers: Educational Series 

  
  
 Dancing with Correlation 
 We explore the correlation between Islamic investment certificates, including sukuk, and other investment asset classes as a means of better understanding the risk and return characteristics of this unique and distinct asset class.
 
   

  
 What Makes Sukuk Halal? 
 We explain what differentiates Islamic investment certificates, often called sukuk, from conventional bonds, and identifies the distinctive features that form the core of what makes sukuk Islamic-compliant, or halal.
 
   
 








Income Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Growth Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Developing World Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Participation Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Related Links:
Quarterly Commentary
Investment Process
Halal Investing
Investing and Zakah
Investing for Hajj
Amana Fund Selector
Amana Mutual Funds Trust Board Governance Policies
Renewal of Investment Advisory Contract
Disclosure of Portfolio Holdings
Form N-Q
Proxy Voting Guidelines
Form N-PX
Amana Documents




 

























Amana Mutual Funds Trust | Saturna Capital




























Skip to main content






MENU
 
 
 
Toggle navigation





Account Login My Fund Account
Saturna Brokerage
401(k) Account





Search form
Search






Documents & Forms Mutual Funds
Account Maintenance
Individual Retirement Accounts
Saturna Capital
Health Savings Accounts
Saturna Brokerage
Education Savings Accounts
Saturna Trust Company
Employer Plans

Contact
Site Map











Saturna Capital




Contact
1-800-728-8762
 



Values-Based Global Asset Managers










HomeFunds & PerformanceAmana Mutual Funds Trust 
















Following Principles of Islamic Finance




 






 




Amana Income
Investor Shares: AMANX
Institutional Shares: AMINX
Amana Developing World
Investor Shares: AMDWX
Institutional Shares: AMIDX






Not sure how to choose between the Funds?
The Amana Fund Selector can help!
Try it out.






Amana Growth
Investor Shares: AMAGX
Institutional Shares: AMIGX
Amana Participation
Investor Shares: AMAPX
Institutional Shares: AMIPX




 
 










Amana Participation Fund Explainer Video

 


 






Investment Process
Saturna Capital, the Funds' investment adviser, screens more than 10,000 global equities monthly.
Read more...


Quarterly Commentary
Stay informed with the latest insights from our portfolio managers and analysts.
Read more...





 
 










Halal Investing






Investing For Hajj






Investing & Zakah





 
 











Amana Mutual Funds Trust
 





Amana Founders Video

 


Watch Amana Mutual Funds Trust founders, Nick Kaiser and Yaqub Mirza, discuss the creation and history of the Trust.

At Saturna Capital and the Amana Mutual Funds Trust, we endeavor to align our investments with our principles.
Our Funds favor companies with low price-to-earnings multiples, strong balance sheets, and proven businesses. They follow a value-oriented approach consistent with Islamic finance principles. Generally, these principles require that investors avoid interest and investments in businesses such as liquor, pornography, gambling, and banks. The Funds avoid bonds and other conventional fixed-income securities.
Saturna Capital selects investments in companies that to its knowledge do not violate the requirements of the Islamic faith at the time of investment. To ensure that investments continue to meet the requirements of the Islamic faith, Saturna Capital engages Amanie Advisors Sdn Bhd, a leading consultant specializing in Islamic finance.
The Amana Funds limit the securities they purchase to those consistent with Islamic principles. This limits opportunities and may affect performance.
 
 





Saturna White Papers: Educational Series 

  
  
 Dancing with Correlation 
 We explore the correlation between Islamic investment certificates, including sukuk, and other investment asset classes as a means of better understanding the risk and return characteristics of this unique and distinct asset class.
 
   

  
 What Makes Sukuk Halal? 
 We explain what differentiates Islamic investment certificates, often called sukuk, from conventional bonds, and identifies the distinctive features that form the core of what makes sukuk Islamic-compliant, or halal.
 
   
 








Income Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Growth Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Developing World Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Participation Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Related Links:
Quarterly Commentary
Investment Process
Halal Investing
Investing and Zakah
Investing for Hajj
Amana Fund Selector
Amana Mutual Funds Trust Board Governance Policies
Renewal of Investment Advisory Contract
Disclosure of Portfolio Holdings
Form N-Q
Proxy Voting Guidelines
Form N-PX
Amana Documents




 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


































Angel Investors and Start Up Funding | Funded.com

 



















             World's  Leading  Accredited investor Network.  Get connected with the right financing for  your business. Entrepreneurs are getting funded,why shouldn't you?   Get Started     Angel Investors Startup Funding  Get Started     Business Funding Venture Capital  Get Started       Business Plan  Let us write your Business Plan   Get Started                   Connect with millions of dollars in funding and join the ranks of the funded at Funded.com ®      




Currently Trending:




Move Over Uber!
Disruptive Technology - High ROI - Quick Exit
New York New York


Amount $6,000,000

 





https://legalmap.net/en
You can find a lawyer anywhere using the location data. Uber for lawyers
Kiev, Ukraine


Amount $100 000 

 





Mass Organic Production
Growing organic produce to set standards and providing organic options more affordable.
SPRING, TX


Amount $500,000

 





Family Soccer Store (7...
Our classic mom-&-pop shop is a soccer store that I founded 7 years ago.  We’d be making $15,000-$25,000 a year profit off $120,000 sales, except that we have to pay so much interest each year on financing.  Our business can help you & us!
Monticello, MN


Amount $130,000

 
















NEWS RELEASE - Commercial real estate venture gets funded for $250K from funded.com's funding provider. Comment: I was very pleased with the speed and professional attitude of the site. I will recommend this to anyone in the future. 

Greg S
 Decatur, IL





"Funded.com has been great and my project is in the final stages of being funded by an investor I found on here. I was surprized at the quick process and how fast investors funded my project. Website was a big help!" 

Rick R 
Entreprenuer





Let me first start by saying I believe your site is THE BEST there is for connecting Entrepreneurs and Investors.  It is the site I've had most success with.  I had about 6 Investors either respond back or contact me because of your site with an interest in investing in my company. Thank you very much!  I love your site and will recommend it to any of my Colleagues.  I love the fact that we are able to contact the Investors directly (which many of the sites joining Entrepreneurs and Investors don't allow).  It looks like I'm about to go into contract with an Investor because of your site.  Thank you again. 

Faith D
Entreprenuer





I am grateful I had the opportunity to access your network of investors. I am reasonably confident that the current negotiations with one of your investors will go through for our film production. I will be back for my next production. 

Oscar S
Entreprenuer








Feedback and Funded







Do you need help with your Business Plan?
Let Us Professionally Write Your Business Plan
Learn More









FOLLOW US




 




 As seen on 



Trusted 



















ABOUT US

About Funded
Blog
Contact Us
How it works
Reviews





DEFINITIONS: What is?

Angel Investor
Venture Capital

Private Equity

Investors
Lenders





SITE

Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Report an Issue
Business Plan





YOUR MEMBERSHIP

Log In
Member Join Up
Investor Join Up






Copyright ©2017 by Funded.com®
Funded.com® is a network that provides a platform for start up and existing businesses, projects, ideas, patents or fundraising to connect with funding sources. Funded.com® is not a registered broker or dealer and does not offer investment advice or advice on the raising of capital through securities offering. Funded.com® does not provide funding or make any recommendations or suggestions to an investor to make an investment in a particular company nor take part in the negotiations or execution of any transaction or deal. Funded.com® does not purchase, sell, negotiate execute, take possession or is compensated by securities in any way, or at any time, nor is it permitted through our platform. We are not an equity crowdfunding platform or portal.



















BBB Business Profile | Funded.com, LLC



























Home
 > 
Accredited Business Directory
 > 
Financial Services
 > 
Funded.com, LLC














BBB Accredited Business Profile






Funded.com, LLC



Submit a Review

































Funded.com, LLC






            Business Information
        






(888) 223-4776

Funded.com, LLC
10 years in business

        1405 Silver Lake Rd NW Ste 8
        New Brighton, MN 55112-9311
    




                 WEBSITE
            





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 01/26/2010
            

                Business Started: 01/01/2007


                Business Started Locally: 01/01/2007
            

                Business Incorporated: 01/16/2008 in MN





            Type of Entity
             
            Limited Liability Company       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Mark Favre, Owner/Manager
                






            Business Category
        


                Financial Services
            







            Service Area
        
         TWIN CITIES METRO - 11 COUNTY

    



 








            Business Information
        







                    A+
                


                BBB Rating Scorecard
            






Overview


According to the information provided by funded.com this company helps clients and companies find resources for Angel Investors, venture capital, business leaders and equity partners to help raise money for growing and start up companies.

 












Share your experience


Submit a Review


Submit a Complaint










BBB Reason for Ratings


        BBB rating is based on 13 factors: Get the details about the factors considered.










Business Profile














Hours of Operation:





                
M-F 9am-5pm EST 








BBB Reports On









Licensing









                        Licensing information is provided in the BBB Business Profiles to inform the public about industries that may require professional licensing, bonding, or registration. Better Business Bureau encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.
                    





Advertising Review









                        BBB promotes truth in advertising by contacting advertisers whose claims conflict with the BBB Code of Advertising.  These claims come to our attention from our internal review of advertising, consumer complaints and competitor challenges.  BBB asks advertisers to substantiate their claims, change ads to make offers more clear to consumers, and remove misleading or deceptive statements.
                    





Government Actions









                        BBB reports on known significant government actions involving the business's marketplace conduct.
                    





Out of Business









                        BBB reports on a company that is out of business for three years from the date the company closes its doors or ceases to do business.
                    





Misuse of Better Business Bureau Name/Logo









                        BBB reports on unauthorized use of the Better Business Bureau's name and/or logo for as long as the business continues to use it in any advertising, or for one year after the business ceases any repeated unauthorized uses.
                    





Bankruptcy









                        BBB reports on a business’s bankruptcy as long as the business remains in bankruptcy.
                    





Mail Returned









                        BBB reports when mail sent to the business was returned by the Postal Service.
                    
























Funded.com, LLC






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        












 




                Funded.com, LLC
            
BBB ACCREDITATION SINCE 01/26/2010










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    




[10] Total Customer Complaints
                        


















Share your experience


Submit a Review


Submit a Complaint












Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 






































 













Juniper Square | Modern Investment Management Software for Real Estate






















                    Delight your investors.
                    Automate your back office.
                

                    A modern, all-in-one investment management system designed specifically for real estate
                












                Hear what our customers have to say
            





 


































































                The real estate industry’s leading sponsors use Juniper Square to manage more than 10,000 investors and over $100B of real estate
            

See how these companies use Juniper Square ▸
            



                All-in-one investment management
            





 CRM 

                            Manage capital markets better with a comprehensive relationship management tool designed for real estate.
                        
Learn More
                        ▸
                    




 Fundraising Automation 

                            Improve your fundraising productivity and close faster with integrated data rooms and online subscriptions.
                        
Learn More
                        ▸
                    




 Investment Management 

                            Manage back office investment accounting activities more efficiently, reducing errors and improving productivity.
                        
Learn More
                        ▸
                    




 Investor Reporting 

                            Delight investors with powerful and personalized reporting that’s easy to produce, error-free, and dependable.
                        
Learn More
                        ▸
                    




 Investor Portal 

                            Improve investor satisfaction by delivering a modern, intuitive, operationally sophisticated digital experience.
                        
Learn More
                        ▸
                    




 Compliance & Security 

                            Effortlessly stay compliant, and rest easy knowing your data is protected by the same standards the world’s largest banks use.
                        
Learn More
                        ▸
                    






                World-class service, from a different kind of software company
            

                Our customers love Juniper Square, and we love them back. In a world where multi-year, multi-million dollar software migrations are the norm, we’re doing things differently. Customers are up and running on Juniper Square in under one month, our software migrations are painless, and all of our customers receive delightful, unlimited support delivered from our San Francisco office.
            

Hear what customers say about working with us ▸
            












                        It took 21 days from signing our contract to having our system deployed to our investors. All we had to do was give the Juniper Square team access to our spreadsheets and systems, and they took care of the rest. The team is professional, they know real estate and our business, and they make the process painless. I can highly recommend Juniper Square.
                    

                        Doug Lanning
                    

                        CFO of Dermody Properties
                    





Getting started is easy.

















                        Please enter your email address below to get in touch with the Juniper Square team and schedule a demo.
                    


















































Investment products, mutual funds, and investment services | Ameriprise Financial



Skip to main content

























Investments
Investing in the financial markets can help you reach your future dreams of retirement, education or world travel. Whether you already know a lot about the market or you want someone to help you make sense of investing, an Ameriprise financial advisor can help.




IRAs & retirement plans
 Roth and Traditional IRAs offer tax advantages for retirement savings. Find out if it makes sense to consolidate by rolling over the assets in a 401(k) or 403(b) account to an IRA.* Retirement Plan Solutions for businesses can offer tax-deductible contributions and tax-deferred growth opportunities. Through strategic alliances with industry-leading retirement plan providers, Ameriprise advisors are able to provide an array of 401(k) products to meet a wide range of needs.
*Before requesting a rollover or transfer, talk to your financial and tax advisor to be sure that you are considering all the relevant issues.


Mutual funds
Diversify your investments with professionally managed mutual funds. Choose from over 3,500 available mutual funds for efficient and cost-effective money management.


Stocks & exchange traded products (ETPs)
Stocks and ETPs can play a role in a long-term, diversified investment strategy. An Ameriprise financial advisor can help you build a portfolio that works for your immediate needs and your future dreams.


Bonds and individual fixed income securities
Bonds are a debt security that can provide a predictable income stream. By working with an Ameriprise financial advisor, you have access to a wide variety of bonds to help diversify your investment portfolio.


Education savings
Get the rundown on options for saving for your children's, grandchildren's or your education using accounts such as 529 plans and Coverdell Education Savings Accounts (CESAs).


Real estate and alternative investments
Ameriprise Financial offers a wide variety of alternative investments that may help you diversify your portfolio.


Managed accounts
A managed account provides access to investment professionals that select and monitor investments based on your investing goals and needs. Choose active involvement in regular account activities or delegate it entirely to investment professionals.


Structured products
Structured products are bundled investments often designed to provide principal protection with market exposure, though some only offer a partial buffer against market performance or no protection at all.


Certificates & rates
A solid investment for your cash reserve needs. Certificates offer guaranteed rates and principal, no account fees with flexible investment options.


Unit investment trusts (UITs)
UITs are professionally-selected securities in a passively managed portfolio that offer access to a variety of investing styles, sectors and asset classes.


Options
Options are complex and sophisticated investments that give the holder the right or the obligation to buy or sell securities at a predetermined price within a set period of time.


Syndicate Offerings
A syndicate offering is a means of bringing a new security to the market. Ameriprise Financial participates in two types of offerings: closed-end funds and preferred securities.




































Your advisor can help you choose which investments may fit your goals, risk tolerance and timeline.
Ameriprise financial advisors near you help clients every day choose investments designed to fit their goals.
Contact an Ameriprise financial advisor for recommendations based on your goals, risk tolerance and timeline.






This information is being provided only as a general source of information and is not intended to be used as the sole basis for investment decisions, and is not a solicitation to buy the securities mentioned. Investment decisions should always be made based on an investor's specific financial needs, objectives, goals, time horizon and risk tolerance.
Further information about the risks of these products are disclosed in the client application or risk disclosure document, as well as the prospectus or other product documents. Investors should read these documents carefully before investing.
Investment products are not federally or FDIC-insured, are not deposits or obligations of or guaranteed by any financial institution, and involve investment risks including possible loss of principal and fluctuation in value.
Ameriprise Financial, Inc. and its affiliates do not offer tax or legal advice. Consumers should consult with their tax advisor or attorney regarding their specific situation.
Investment advisory products and services are made available through Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc., a registered investment adviser.
Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. Member FINRA and SIPC.




















	GHAAX - Global Hard Assets Fund | Snapshot | Mutual Fund- VanEck









Menu



Contact


































United States
Australia
Austria
Chile
Denmark
Finland
Germany
Ireland
Italy
Luxembourg
Netherlands
Norway
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
United Kingdom
Rest of World








Corporate Home




                                United States
                            




Contact Us



                            Search
                        






























Home » VanEck Funds » Mutual Funds » GHAAX - Global Hard Assets Fund
             » Overview
        









  PDF







Share on Facebook Facebook
Share on StumbleUpon StumbleUpon


Share on LinkedIn LinkedIn
Submit to Reddit reddit


Tweet Twitter
Pin it Pinterest


Share on Google+ Google+
Share on Digg Digg


Post to Tumblr Tumblr
Share on Delicious  Delicious








GHAAXGlobal Hard Assets Fund
        



















            Ticker:-
            GHAAX;false;;
        










            Ticker Group:-
            GHA;false;;
        













              Class A - GHAAX
            

              Class C - GHACX
            

              Class I - GHAIX
            

              Class Y - GHAYX
            















                Videos


Oil Supplies Will Tighten (12:39)Shawn Reynolds


Metals Miners Positioned for Strong 2017 (7:44)Charl Malan


View more videos















 
 

















                    Individual Investors




                        Subscribe to email updates
                    

Subscribe now





        Financial Professionals





                    Subscribe to email updates, or 
password protected financial professional-only content
                

                    LOGIN
                


                        email address/username
                    


                         
                    



                        password
                    


                         
                    




New? Register Here


Forgot Password























HOW TO PURCHASE
Learn more on how to purchase shares of VanEck Funds






 




























Daily Price
                      
as of 07/21/17




NAV†
DAILY CHANGE


$31.97
 $-0.20 / -0.6%



















Class A Details: GHAAX



              INCEPTION DATE
            

              GROSS/NET EXPENSES1


11/02/94
1.50%/1.38%
































                Fund Literature
            


Fact Sheet


Summary Prospectus


Annual Report


Semi-Annual Report


















							Overview
						



							Performance
						



							Portfolio Analytics
						



							Investment Team
						



							Commentary
						



							Fees & Minimums
						















 

Fund Summary and Key Points
The Global Hard Assets Fund (the "Fund") seeks long-term capital appreciation by investing 
 primarily in hard asset securities. Income is a secondary consideration.Actively managed 
 commodity-equities portfolio investing in companies involved in the 
exploration,  production and distribution of hard assetsOffers 
exposure to energy, precious and base metals,  agriculture, alternative energy 
and other hard assetsExpertly managed by an extensive investment team that is among the industry’s largest, and includes trained geologist and engineers as well as senior analysts with deep sector experienceInvestment approach focuses on company research 
 and skillful stock selection, as well as disciplined risk management













Making the Investment Case for Hard AssetsGlobal Hard Assets Fund: Quarterly Commentary 2Q'17


















Fund Details as of 06/30/17


Net Assets (All Classes)
$1941.0M


Number of Holdings
47


Avg. Wtd. Market Cap
$9.5B


Turnover Rate (2016)
35.0%


P/E (LTM) / P/E (Forward)*
24.7 / 21.5


P/B (LTM)*
1.5


Benchmark Index
S&P North American Natural Resources Sector (SPGINRTR) Index



*Price-to-Earnings (P/E) ratio is the price of a stock divided by its earnings per share. Price-to-Book (P/B) ratio is the ratio of a stock's price to its book value.


















 


			 
					Hard Assets Investment Team
				  
		




Portfolio Managers: Charles Cameron and Shawn Reynolds

PHOTO L TO R

Sam 
  Halpert, 
            
              Imaru 
 Casanova, 
            
              Chris 
 Mailloux, 
            
              Alan 
 Shih, 
            
              Luke 
 Desmond, 
            
              Shawn 
 Reynolds, 
            
              Charlie 
 Cameron, 
            
              Joe 
 Foster, 
            
              Roland 
 Morris Jr., 
            
              Charl 
 Malan, 
            
              Mark 
 Miller, 
            
              Greg 
 Krenzer, 
            
              Veronica  Zhang (not pictured)















 

Investment Style Box


This investment style box is based on the Fund's overall targeted capitalization range and relative valuation as determined by VanEck.














Performance History: Average Annual Total Returns* (%)
                  Month End
                  as of 06/30/17
                  Quarter End
                  as of 06/30/171 MO3 MOYTD1 YR3 YR5 YR10 YRLIFE(11/02/94)VanEck Global Hard Assets Fund: Class AAt Net Asset Value-3.66-13.35-16.38-6.91-17.23-4.55-2.597.35At Maximum 5.75% Sales Charge-9.19-18.33-21.19-12.26-18.85-5.68-3.177.07SPGINRTR Index2-0.57-7.09-11.04-2.62-11.920.13-0.33--MSCI ACWI Commodity Producers Index2-1.24-3.68-5.074.95-9.59-1.92-1.94--
                  Quarter End as of 06/30/171 MO3 MOYTD1 YR3 YR5 YR10 YRLIFE(11/02/94)VanEck Global Hard Assets Fund: Class AAt Net Asset Value-3.66-13.35-16.38-6.91-17.23-4.55-2.597.35At Maximum 5.75% Sales Charge-9.19-18.33-21.19-12.26-18.85-5.68-3.177.07SPGINRTR Index2-0.57-7.09-11.04-2.62-11.920.13-0.33--MSCI ACWI Commodity Producers Index2-1.24-3.68-5.074.95-9.59-1.92-1.94--*Returns less than one year are not annualized.The table presents past performance which is no guarantee of future results and which may be lower or higher than current performance. Returns reflect temporary contractual fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements. Had the Fund incurred all expenses and fees1, investment returns would have been reduced. Expenses: Class A: Gross 1.50% and Net 1.38%. Expenses are capped contractually through 05/01/18 at 1.38% for Class A. Investment returns and Fund share values will fluctuate so that investors' shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Fund returns assume that dividends and capital gains distributions have been reinvested in the Fund at NAV. 
















Top 10 Holdings (%) 


Month End as of 06/30/17


Quarter End as of 06/30/17




Holdings
Sector
% of Net Assets


Glencore plc
Metals & Mining
5.7


Parsley Energy, Inc. Class A
Oil, Gas & Consumable Fuels
4.0


EOG Resources, Inc.
Oil, Gas & Consumable Fuels
3.8


Concho Resources Inc.
Oil, Gas & Consumable Fuels
3.8


Pioneer Natural Resources Company
Oil, Gas & Consumable Fuels
3.7


Diamondback Energy, Inc.
Oil, Gas & Consumable Fuels
3.7


Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc.
Energy Equipment & Services
3.6


Teck Resources Limited Class B
Metals & Mining
3.5


First Quantum Minerals Ltd.
Metals & Mining
3.5


Agnico-Eagle Mines Limited
Metals & Mining
3.3


Top 10 Total


38.6




Holdings
Sector
% of Net Assets


Glencore plc
Metals & Mining
5.7


Parsley Energy, Inc. Class A
Oil, Gas & Consumable Fuels
4.0


EOG Resources, Inc.
Oil, Gas & Consumable Fuels
3.8


Concho Resources Inc.
Oil, Gas & Consumable Fuels
3.8


Pioneer Natural Resources Company
Oil, Gas & Consumable Fuels
3.7


Diamondback Energy, Inc.
Oil, Gas & Consumable Fuels
3.7


Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc.
Energy Equipment & Services
3.6


Teck Resources Limited Class B
Metals & Mining
3.5


First Quantum Minerals Ltd.
Metals & Mining
3.5


Agnico-Eagle Mines Limited
Metals & Mining
3.3


Top 10 Total


38.6




View All Holdings



These are not recommendations to buy or sell any security. Sectors and holdings may vary.














Performance Attribution2Q 2017 Estimated Performance Attribution
















Sector Weightings (%) as of 06/30/17


Sector


% of Net Assets


Oil Gas & Consumable Fuels

34.5


Metals & Mining

28.7


Energy Equipment & Services

18.9


Chemicals

4.7


Paper & Forest Products

2.3


Road & Rail

1.4


Unassigned

1.1


Food Products

1.0


Electrical Equipment

0.5


Mortgage Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)

0.3


Cash

6.6


















Country Weightings (%) as of 06/30/17






Country
% of Net Assets




											■
										
United States
63.8
#40699c

63.8




											■
										
Canada
13.8
#215465

13.8




											■
										
Switzerland
5.7
#3c8da3

5.7




											■
										
Zambia
3.5
#a3cd3b

3.5




											■
										
United Kingdom
2.4
#7f9a48

2.4




											■
										
France
1.2
#d0e796

1.2




											■
										
Netherlands
1.1
#79f138

1.1




											■
										
Bermuda
0.8
#de886e

0.8




											■
										
Monaco
0.8
#652130

0.8




											■
										
Kuwait
0.3
#a23b1c

0.3




											■
										
Cash
6.6
#853649

6.6
























Contact UsPrivacyLegalFeedbackSitemap











Important Disclosure

Unless otherwise stated, portfolio facts and statistics are shown for Class A shares; other classes may have different characteristics.

 †NAV: Unless you are eligible for a waiver, the public offering price you pay when you buy Class A shares of the Fund is the Net Asset Value (NAV) of the shares plus an initial sales charge. The initial sales charge varies depending upon the size of your purchase.  No sales charge is imposed where Class A or Class C shares are issued to you pursuant to the automatic investment of income dividends or capital gains distributions. It is the responsibility of the financial intermediary to ensure that the investor obtains the proper “breakpoint” discount. Class C, Class I and Class Y do not have an initial sales charge; however, Class C does charge a contingent deferred redemption charge.  See the 
                          
    prospectus for more information.
1Van Eck Associates Corporation (the “Adviser”) has agreed to waive fees and/or pay Fund expenses to the extent necessary to prevent the operating expenses of the Fund (excluding acquired fund fees and expenses, interest expense, trading expenses, dividends and interest payments on securities sold short, taxes and extraordinary expenses) from exceeding 1.38% for Class A, 2.20% for Class C, 0.95% for Class I, and 1.13% for Class Y of the Fund’s average daily net assets per year until May 1, 2018. During such time, the expense limitation is expected to continue until the Board of Trustees acts to discontinue all or a portion of such expense limitation.
2The S&P North American Natural Resources Sector (SPGINRTR) Index (the "Index") provides investors with a benchmark that represents U.S. traded securities that are classified under the GICS® energy and materials sector excluding the chemicals industry; and steel sub-industry. The MSCI ACWI Commodity Producers Index captures the global opportunity set of commodity producers in the energy, metal and agricultural sectors. All indices are unmanaged and include the reinvestment of all dividends, but do not reflect the payment of transaction costs, advisory fees or expenses that are associated with an investment in the Fund. An index’s performance is not illustrative of the Fund’s performance. Indices are not securities in which investments can be made.
The views and opinions expressed are those of VanEck. Fund manager commentaries are general in nature and should not be construed as investment advice. Opinions are subject to change with market conditions. Any discussion of specific securities mentioned in the commentaries is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation to buy these securities. Fund holdings will vary.
You can lose money by investing in the Fund. Any investment in the Fund should be part of an overall investment program, not a complete program. The Fund is subject to risks associated with concentrating its investments in hard assets and the hard assets sector, including, precious metals and natural resources, and can be significantly affected by events relating to these industries, including international political and economic developments, inflation, and other factors. The Fund’s portfolio securities may experience substantial price fluctuations as a result of these factors, and may move independently of the trends of industrialized companies. The Fund’s investments in foreign securities involve risks related to adverse political and economic developments unique to a country or a region, currency fluctuations or controls, and the possibility of arbitrary action by foreign governments, including the takeover of property without adequate compensation or imposition of prohibitive taxation. The Fund is also subject to inflation risk, short-sales risk, market risk, non-diversification risk, leverage risk, credit risk and counterparty risk. Please see the 
        
    prospectus and      
    summary prospectus for information on these and other risk considerations.
Investing involves risk, including possible loss of principal. An investor should consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the investment company carefully before investing. The prospectus and summary prospectus contain this and other information.  Please read them carefully before investing.












Van Eck Securities Corporation, Distributor               
    666 Third Avenue               
    New York, NY 10017
800.826.2333 
©  VanEck. VanEck®, VanEck Vectors®, VanEck Access the opportunities™, and the VanEck design™ are trademarks of Van Eck Associates Corp.










×
















Why Choose Green Century | Green Century













































































Questions or For More Information: Call 1-800-93-GREEN (934-7336)
Forms + Documents
Access My Account
Open an Account

















Why Choose Green Century

Sustainable Investment Strategy

Fossil Fuel Free Investing


Investing with an Impact

Forest Protection


Owned by Environmental Non-Profits


The Green Century Funds

International Index Fund
Equity Fund
Balanced Fund
Performance
Financial Advisors


Invest With Us

Open Account Online
Request Materials
Download Forms
IRA Information


News + Resources

Commentary
Media Mentions
Press Releases
E-Newsletter Archive


Email Signup
 



Why Choose Green Century

Sustainable Investment Strategy

Fossil Fuel Free Investing


Investing with an Impact

Forest Protection


Owned by Environmental Non-Profits


The Green Century Funds

International Index Fund
Equity Fund
Balanced Fund
Performance
Financial Advisors


Invest With Us

Open Account Online
Request Materials
Download Forms
IRA Information


News + Resources

Commentary
Media Mentions
Press Releases
E-Newsletter Archive


Email Signup












 Why Choose Green Century
Our three-pronged approach offers investors the opportunity to make an impact through the power of their investments in a way no other socially responsible and sustainable mutual fund family can.
 




1. Investing in Sustainable Companies




2. Leading Shareholder Advocacy Program




3. Supporting Environmental and Public Health Non-Profits






1. Sustainable Investment Strategy
For 25 years, Green Century has helped individuals and institutions invest for their future without compromising their values. Green Century believes that environmentally responsible investing also offers potential financial benefits and there is a growing body of evidence that demonstrates that investing with environmental, social and governance (ESG) performance may offer financial advantages. For example, we believe that when companies avoid harming the environment, communities in which they operate, and public health, they may not only enjoy a competitive advantage by appealing to consumers concerned about sustainability, but also may avoid damage to their brand reputations and costly litigation.
Green Century offers three mutual funds:

The Green Century MSCI International Index Fund invests in the stocks of foreign companies selected for their outstanding environmental, social and governance performance.
The Green Century Equity Fund  invests in the stocks of the companies included in the longest-running socially responsible index customized to exclude any fossil fuel companies in the index.
The Green Century Balanced Fund  invests in the stocks and bonds of environmentally responsible companies as well as green bonds, which finance climate mitigation projects worldwide.





SRI and Values-Based Exclusions


Fossil fuel companies – coal, oil and gas


Nuclear power companies


Military weapons and civilian firearm companies


Producers of genetically modified organisms (GMOs)


Tobacco companies





Examples of Sustainable Companies with Outstanding ESG Ratings


Energy efficiency; Renewables; Water treatment & conservation; Air pollution control


Sustainable infrastructure and transportation


Companies that disclose policies and performance on critical environmental impacts


Sustainable agriculture companies, including organic and natural food suppliers


Companies that apply sustainability criteria throughout the supply chain



Green Century uses values-based or socially, responsible, and impact (SRI) investing screens to avoid the most environmentally and socially dangerous industries. This aligns investments with the values of our investors and also offers potential financial benefits, such as avoiding stranded assets that may be associated with investing in coal, oil and gas companies.
Green Century also employs environmental, social, and governance ratings and performance to only select those companies that perform better across these categories as compared to companies in the same sector.
While some other investments may just use one or the other or the above methodologies, Green Century uses both to deliver high impact investments.

Fossil Fuel Free Investing:
Green Century is the first family of responsible and diversified fossil fuel free mutual funds in the U.S. Our fossil fuel free commitment exceeds the global divestment baseline of avoiding the largest 200 fossil fuel companies as ranked by potential carbon emissions content of their reported reserves. Green Century goes beyond this initial list since we have found that when investors decide to eliminate dirty energy from their portfolios for ethical and/or financial reasons, they more often want to eliminate them from their portfolios entirely.
Our definition of fossil fuel free investing excludes companies that explore for, extract, process and refine, and transmit coal, oil and gas, as well as companies that burn fossil fuels to make electricity or any companies with carbon reserves.
As more investments are described as environmental or fossil fuel free, we believe it is important to keep these distinctions in mind:
“Low carbon” is not the same as fossil fuel free. It might be, but it also might apply to carbon emissions and carbon reserves, or it might just apply to the overall carbon footprint of an investment.  Since there is no standardized characterization of the term, you should review the prospectus (see below) for exclusions and also look in the energy and utility sector holdings section of a fund. Note that “energy sector” may roughly translate to “fossil fuel companies” and holdings noted in the “utility sector” may be fossil fuel burning utilities or may be likely to be involved in fossil fuel extraction and consumption.
Review the prospectus. Marketing terms are not the same as investment strategies and binding exclusion, such as avoiding fossil fuel companies, and should be spelled out in the prospectus. The prospectus is a legal document that should always be available to a prospective investor that contains a fund’s objectives, investment strategies, risks, as well as other details. Without a clear statement addressing what fossil fuel free means in the prospectus, an investor cannot be sure what the fund may or may not invest in. Green Century details our definition of fossil fuel companies and avoidance of these companies in our prospectus. You can review the prospectus of the Green Century Funds by clicking here.
Our commitment to fossil fuel free investing is one way we help our investors avoid the very companies and industries at the heart of many environmental and social issues as well as potential financial risks associated with oil price volatility and stranded assets.

http://greencentury.staging.wpengine.com/wp-content/uploads/pdf/video.mp4
 
 
What about Performance?
There are growing concerns about investing in coal, oil and gas including the volatility of oil prices, capital expenditures on high-cost projects such as off-shore and Arctic drilling, and the potential of devalued or stranded carbon reserve assets. Fossil Fuel Divestment at Green Century.
These concerns are just some of the reasons Green Century has a long-standing investment strategy of avoiding the worst polluting companies and instead investing in companies that are helping build a sustainable economy. Read one of these recent studies on performance by leading industry analysts:
Advisor Partners: Fossil Fuel Divestment: Perspectives After the Oil Bust
MSCI: Responding to the Call for Fossil Free Portfolios
More Information

View the Green Century Funds
View the Performance of the Green Century Funds
Download the Prospectus for the Green Century Funds
Balanced Fund Carbon Footprint Report
View Complete Holdings of the Funds


Learn More


Make a Clean Break: An UPDATED Guide to Personal Divestment and Reinvestment
Fossil Fuel Divestment at Green Century
The Shortcomings of Shareholder Engagement with Fossil Fuel Companies
Green Century’s Definition of Fossil Fuel Free Investing 





 
 

RESOURCES TO DOWNLOAD:
 
Sample Holdings
SONY
CORPORATION*

The Green Century MSCI International Index Fund invests in companies around the world with ambitious goals to reduce the environmental impact of their operations. Sony, headquartered in Tokyo, Japan, plans to achieve an overall zero environmental footprint by 2050.GREEN BOND: OVERSEAS PRIVATE
INVESTMENT CORPORATION*

The Luz Del Norte solar installation project is the largest solar facility in South America and supported by a bond issued by the Overseas Private Investment Corporation (OPIC) and held in the Balanced Fund.TESLA
MOTORS*

The Green Century Funds invest in companies that make products that reduce energy use and carbon pollution, like Tesla, which is pushing the envelope on what is possible for electric vehicles and clean energy storage and held in the Equity Fund.
 


Open Account


Request Materials


Download Forms

Questions?  1-800-934-7336 |  info@greencentury.com
 
*As of June 30, 2017, Sony Corporation, Overseas Private Investment Corporation, and Tesla Motors, Inc. comprised 1.37%, 0.00% and 0.00%; 0.00%, 0.58% and 0.00%; and 0.00%, 0.00% and 0.52% of the Green Century MSCI International Index Fund, the Green Century Balanced Fund, and the Green Century Equity Fund, respectively. References to specific securities, which will change due to ongoing management of the Funds, should not be construed as a recommendation by the Funds, their administrator, or their distributor.




2. Leading Shareholder Advocacy Program
Even corporate sustainability leaders have room for improvement, which is why Green Century works with dozens of companies every year to adopt stronger environmental practices and policies throughout their supply chains.
 
Forest Protection Campaign
Deforestation is a leading cause of increased carbon emissions, which contribute to global climate change. Deforestation also poses a number of tangible business risks, which could include but are not limited to, current legal liabilities in emerging markets, pending legislation, reputational risk, and the ability to access raw materials to maintain revenue streams.
To help curb climate change, and limit our investors’ risks, Green Century has launched a five-year campaign to help stop deforestation caused by the production of soy, cattle, timber, rubber, and palm oil in Asia, Latin America, and Africa. In addition to other successes, the campaign has helped secure a zero-deforestation commitment from Wilmar,* the world’s largest palm oil trader, that will avoid 1.5 gigatons of carbon pollution between 2015 and 2020.
To learn more about our efforts and successes regarding our commitment to help stop deforestation, please download Green Century’s Forest Protection Campaign four-pager below or visit our Forest Protection page.
Sustainable Agriculture Program
Sustainable agriculture is the production of food, fiber, or other plant or animal products using farming practices that protect the environment, human health, and animal well-being. It is this form of agriculture that will provide an increasing global population the ability to produce plentiful, healthful food well into the future without destroying the environment or threatening human health.
At Green Century, we are currently working to decrease antibiotic misuse, the use of confinement cages and gestation crates, and promoting plant-based proteins.
To learn more about our specific efforts and successes, please download Green Century’s Sustainable Agriculture Program two-pager below.
 
RESOURCES TO DOWNLOAD:
 

Open Account


Request Materials


Download Forms

Questions?  1-800-934-7336 |  info@greencentury.com
 
Proxy Voting Policies and Records
See how the Green Century Funds voted on social, environmental and governance issues at the annual meetings of the companies they own.
*As of June 30, 2017, no securities mentioned were held in the portfolios of any of the Green Century Funds. References to specific securities, which will change due to ongoing management of the Funds, should not be construed as a recommendation by the Funds, their administrator, or their distributor.



3. Supporting Environmental and Public Health Non-Profits

One-hundred percent of the profits earned managing the Green Century Funds are used to support the environmental and public health work of non-profit organizations.
Currently, our non-profit owners are working toward ending the overuse of antibiotics on factory farms, banning fracking whenever possible, and securing carbon pollution regulations. And, to date, these organizations have accomplished incredible success, including:


Helping support a proposition that upheld a statewide ban on plastic bags in California
Gaining permanent protection of natural and archaeological wonders by creating three national monuments in California, Nevada and Texas
Securing protection for thousands of rivers and drinking supply sources across the country
Expanding solar energy through the Million Solar Roofs Initiative in California, influencing Massachusetts’ policy to power 50,000 homes with solar energy and securing pro-solar policies in Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico, Minnesota, New Jersey and North Carolina


To learn more about our support of environmental and public health non-profits, please email us at info@greencentury.com or call 1-800-934-7336.








ABOUTSITE MAPLEGAL INFORMATIONFAQsCONTACT US





 Photo: “Orangutan Family, Singapore Zoo” by chem7 is licensed under CC BY 2.0
© 2017 Green Century Capital Management, Inc. 114 State Street, Suite 200, Boston, MA 02109. For More Information, call: 1-800-93-GREEN (934-7336)
You should carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. To obtain a Prospectus that contains this and other information about the Funds, please click here for more information, email info@greencentury.com or call 1-800-93-GREEN. Please read the Prospectus carefully before investing. 
Stocks will fluctuate in response to factors that may affect a single company, industry, sector, country, region or the market as a whole and may perform worse than the market. Foreign securities are subject to additional risks such as currency fluctuations, regional economic and political conditions, differences in accounting methods, and other unique risks compared to investing in securities of U.S. issuers. Bonds are subject to risks including interest rate, credit, and inflation. The Funds’ environmental criteria limit the investments available to the Funds compared to mutual funds that do not use environmental criteria.
The Green Century Funds are distributed by UMB Distribution Services, LLC., 235 W Galena Street, Milwaukee, WI 53212
Check the background of this firm on FINRA's BrokerCheck.


Click here to see the current holdings of the Green Century Funds. Portfolio composition will change due to ongoing management of the Funds. References to specific securities or sectors should not be construed as recommendations by the Funds, their Advisor, or their Distributor.
© 2016 Green Century Capital Management, Inc. 114 State Street, Suite 200, Boston, MA 02109. For More Information call: 1-800-93-GREEN (934-7336)
You should carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. To obtain a Prospectus that contains this and other information about the Funds, please click here for more information, email info@greencentury.staging.wpengine.com or call 1-800-93-GREEN. Please read the Prospectus carefully before investing. 
Stocks will fluctuate in response to factors that may affect a single company, industry, sector, country, region or the market as a whole and may perform worse than the market. Foreign securities are subject to additional risks such as currency fluctuations, regional economic and political conditions, differences in accounting methods, and other unique risks compared to investing in securities of U.S. issuers. Bonds are subject to risks including interest rate, credit, and inflation. The Funds’ environmental criteria limit the investments available to the Funds compared to mutual funds that do not use environmental criteria.
The Green Century Funds are distributed by UMB Distribution Services, LLC., 235 W. Galena Street, Milwaukee, WI 53212.


[1] The MSCI World ex USA Index is a custom index calculated by MSCI Inc. The MSCI World ex USA Index includes large and mid-cap stocks across 22 of 23 Developed Markets (DM) countries and excludes the United States. With 1,023 constituents, the index covers approximately 85% of the free float-adjusted market capitalization in each country. The MSCI World ex USA Index is a free float-adjusted market capitalization index. It is not possible to invest directly in the MSCI World ex USA Index.
[2] The S&P 500® Index is an unmanaged index of 500 selected common stocks, most of which are listed on the New York Stock Exchange. The S&P 500® Index is heavily weighted toward stocks with large market capitalization and represents approximately two-thirds of the total market value of all domestic stocks. It is not possible to invest directly in the S&P 500® Index.
[3] The Custom Balanced Index is comprised of a 60% weighting in the S&P Supercomposite 1500 Index (the S&P 1500 Index) and a 40% weighting in the BofA Merrill Lynch 1-10 Year US Corporate & Government Index (the BofA Merrill Lynch Index). The S&P 1500 Index is an unmanaged index of 1500 selected stocks. The BofA Merrill Lynch Index tracks the performance of U.S. dollar-denominated investment grade government and corporate public debt issued in the U.S. domestic bond market with at least 1 year and less than 10 years remaining maturity, including U.S. treasury, U.S. agency, foreign government, supranational and corporate securities. It is not possible to invest directly in the Custom Balanced Index.
© 2017 Green Century Capital Management, Inc. 114 State Street, Suite 200, Boston, MA 02109. For More Information, call: 1-800-93-GREEN (934-7336)
You should carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. To obtain a Prospectus that contains this and other information about the Funds, please click here for more information, email info@greencentury.com or call 1-800-93-GREEN. Please read the Prospectus carefully before investing.
Stocks will fluctuate in response to factors that may affect a single company, industry, sector, country, region or the market as a whole and may perform worse than the market. Foreign securities are subject to additional risks such as currency fluctuations, regional economic and political conditions, differences in accounting methods, and other unique risks compared to investing in securities of U.S. issuers. Bonds are subject to risks including interest rate, credit, and inflation. The Funds’ environmental criteria limit the investments available to the Funds compared to mutual funds that do not use environmental criteria.
Neither the Green Century Equity Fund nor the Green Century MSCI International Index Fund (each a “Fund” and together the “Funds”) is sponsored, endorsed, or promoted by MSCI, its affiliates, information providers or any other third party involved in, or related to, compiling, computing or creating the MSCI indices (the “MSCI Parties”), and the MSCI Parties bear no liability with respect to a Fund or any index on which a Fund is based.  The MSCI Parties are not sponsors of either of the Funds and are not affiliated with the Funds in any way.  The Statement of Additional Information contains a more detailed description of the limited relationship the MSCI Parties have with Green Century Capital Management and the Funds.
The Green Century Funds are distributed by UMB Distribution Services, LLC., 235 W Galena Street, Milwaukee, WI 53212


© 2017 Green Century Capital Management, Inc. 114 State Street, Suite 200, Boston, MA 02109 For More Information call:1-800-93-GREEN (934-7336)
*The holdings of the Funds may change due to ongoing management. Please click here for current information regarding the Funds’ portfolio holdings. These holdings are subject to risk as described in the Funds’ Prospectus. References to specific investments, which will change due to ongoing management of the Funds, should not be construed as a recommendation of a security by the Funds, their administrator, or their distributor.
†The S&P 500® Index is an unmanaged index of 500 selected common stocks, most of which are listed on the New York Stock Exchange. The S&P 500® Index is heavily weighted toward stocks with large market capitalization and represents approximately two-thirds of the total market value of all domestic stocks. It is not possible to invest directly in the S&P 500® Index.
You should carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. To obtain a Prospectus that contains this and other information about the Funds, please click here for more information, email info@greencentury.com or call 1-800-93-GREEN. Please read the Prospectus carefully before investing.
Stocks will fluctuate in response to factors that may affect a single company, industry, sector, country, region or the market as a whole and may perform worse than the market. Foreign securities are subject to additional risks such as currency fluctuations, regional economic and political conditions, differences in accounting methods, and other unique risks compared to investing in securities of U.S. issuers. Bonds are subject to risks including interest rate, credit, and inflation. The Funds’ environmental criteria limit the investments available to the Funds compared to mutual funds that do not use environmental criteria.
The Green Century Funds are distributed by UMB Distribution Services, LLC., 235 W. Galena Street, Milwaukee, WI 53212.


© 2017 Green Century Capital Management, Inc. 114 State Street, Suite 200, Boston, MA 02109 For More Information call:1-800-93-GREEN (934-7336)
*The holdings of the Funds may change due to ongoing management. Please click here for current information regarding the Funds’ portfolio holdings. These holdings are subject to risk as described in the Funds’ Prospectus. References to specific investments, which will change due to ongoing management of the Funds, should not be construed as a recommendation of a security by the Funds, their administrator, or their distributor.
†The S&P 500® Index is an unmanaged index of 500 selected common stocks, most of which are listed on the New York Stock Exchange. The S&P 500® Index is heavily weighted toward stocks with large market capitalization and represents approximately two-thirds of the total market value of all domestic stocks. It is not possible to invest directly in the S&P 500® Index.
You should carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. To obtain a Prospectus that contains this and other information about the Funds, please click here for more information, email info@greencentury.com or call 1-800-93-GREEN. Please read the Prospectus carefully before investing.
Stocks will fluctuate in response to factors that may affect a single company, industry, sector, country, region or the market as a whole and may perform worse than the market. Foreign securities are subject to additional risks such as currency fluctuations, regional economic and political conditions, differences in accounting methods, and other unique risks compared to investing in securities of U.S. issuers. Bonds are subject to risks including interest rate, credit, and inflation. The Funds’ environmental criteria limit the investments available to the Funds compared to mutual funds that do not use environmental criteria.
The Green Century Funds are distributed by UMB Distribution Services, LLC., 235 W. Galena Street, Milwaukee, WI 53212.


© 2017 Green Century Capital Management, Inc. 114 State Street, Suite 200, Boston, MA 02109. For More Information call: 1-800-93-GREEN (934-7336)
You should carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. To obtain a Prospectus that contains this and other information about the Funds, please click here for more information, email info@greencentury.com or call 1-800-93-GREEN. Please read the Prospectus carefully before investing.
Stocks will fluctuate in response to factors that may affect a single company, industry, sector, country, region or the market as a whole and may perform worse than the market. Foreign securities are subject to additional risks such as currency fluctuations, regional economic and political conditions, differences in accounting methods, and other unique risks compared to investing in securities of U.S. issuers. Bonds are subject to risks including interest rate, credit, and inflation. The Funds’ environmental criteria limit the investments available to the Funds compared to mutual funds that do not use environmental criteria.
The World ex USA SRI ex Fossil Fuels Index is a custom index calculated by MSCI Inc. The World ex USA SRI ex Fossil Fuels Index is comprised of the common stocks of the companies in the MSCI World ex USA SRI Index (the World ex USA SRI Index), minus the stocks of the companies that explore for, extract, produce, manufacture or refine coal, oil or gas or produce or transmit electricity derived from fossil fuels or transmit natural gas or have carbon reserves included in the World ex USA SRI (Socially Responsible Investment) Index. The World ex USA SRI Index includes large and mid-cap stocks from approximately 22 developed markets countries (excluding the U.S.). The World ex USA SRI Index is a capitalization weighted index that provides exposure to companies with what MSCI calculates to have outstanding Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) ratings and excludes companies whose products have negative social or environmental impacts. It is not possible to invest directly in an index.
The MSCI KLD 400 Social ex Fossil Fuels Index (the KLD400 ex Fossil Fuels Index) is a custom index calculated by MSCI Inc. The KLD400 ex Fossil Fuels Index is comprised of the common stocks of the approximately 400 companies in the MSCI KLD 400 Social Index (The KLD400 Index), minus the stocks of the companies that explore for, process, refine, or distribute coal, oil or gas or produce or transmit electricity derived from fossil fuels or transmit natural gas that are included in the KLD400 Index. The KLD400 Index is a free float-adjusted market capitalization index designed to provide exposure to U.S. companies that have positive Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) characteristics and consists of 400 companies selected from the MSCI USA Investable Market Index. It is not possible to invest directly in an index.
Neither the Green Century MSCI International Index Fund nor the Green Century Equity Fund (each a “Fund” and together the “Funds”) is sponsored, endorsed, or promoted by MSCI, its affiliates, information providers or any other third party involved in, or related to, compiling, computing or creating the MSCI indices (the “MSCI Parties”), and the MSCI Parties bear no liability with respect to a Fund or any index on which a Fund is based. The MSCI Parties are not sponsors of either of the Funds and are not affiliated with the Funds in any way. The Statement of Additional Information contains a more detailed description of the limited relationship the MSCI Parties have with Green Century Capital Management and the Funds.
The Green Century Funds are distributed by UMB Distribution Services, LLC., 235 W. Galena Street, Milwaukee, WI 53212.


© 2017 Green Century Capital Management, Inc. 114 State Street, Suite 200, Boston, MA 02109. For More Information call: 1-800-93-GREEN (934-7336)
The performance information provided on this website is past performance, and past performance is not a guarantee of future results. Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance quoted. To obtain performance current to the most recent month-end, please call 1-800-93-GREEN. Performance includes the reinvestment of income dividends and capital gains distributions. Performance shown does not reflect the deduction of taxes that a shareholder might pay on Fund distributions or the redemption of Fund shares. A redemption fee of 2.00% may be imposed on redemptions or exchanges of shares you have owned for 60 days or less. Please see the prospectus for more information.
The holdings of the Balanced Fund may change due to ongoing management of the Fund. Please click here for current information regarding the Funds’ portfolio holdings. These holdings are subject to risk as described in the Funds’ Prospectus. References to specific investments should not be construed as a recommendation of a security by the Fund, its administrator, or the distributor.
[1] The Custom Balanced Index is comprised of a 60% weighting in the S&P Supercomposite 1500 Index (the S&P 1500 Index) and a 40% weighting in the BofA Merrill Lynch 1-10 Year US Corporate & Government Index (the BofA Merrill Lynch Index). The S&P 1500 Index is an unmanaged index of 1500 selected stocks. The BofA Merrill Lynch Index tracks the performance of U.S. dollar-denominated investment grade government and corporate public debt issued in the U.S. domestic bond market with at least 1 year and less than 10 years remaining maturity, including U.S. treasury, U.S. agency, foreign government, supranational and corporate securities. It is not possible to invest directly in the Custom Balanced Index.
You should carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. To obtain a Prospectus that contains this and other information about the Funds, please click here for more information, email info@greencentury.com or call 1-800-93-GREEN. Please read the Prospectus carefully before investing.
Stocks will fluctuate in response to factors that may affect a single company, industry, sector, or the market as a whole and may perform worse than the market. Bonds are subject to risks including interest rate, credit, and inflation. The Funds’ environmental criteria limit the investments available to the Funds compared to mutual funds that do not use environmental criteria.
The Green Century Funds are distributed by UMB Distribution Services, LLC., 235 W. Galena Street, Milwaukee, WI 53212.


© 2017 Green Century Capital Management, Inc. 114 State Street, Suite 200, Boston, MA 02109. For More Information call: 1-800-93-GREEN (934-7336)
The performance information provided on this website is past performance, and past performance is not a guarantee of future results. Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance quoted. To obtain performance current to the most recent month-end, please call 1-800-93-GREEN. Performance includes the reinvestment of income dividends and capital gains distributions. Performance shown does not reflect the deduction of taxes that a shareholder might pay on Fund distributions or the redemption of Fund shares. A redemption fee of 2.00% may be imposed on redemptions or exchanges of shares you have owned for 60 days or less. Please see the prospectus for more information.
The holdings of the Equity Fund may change due to ongoing management of the Fund. Please refer to the Green Century Funds website for current information regarding the Funds’ portfolio holdings. These holdings are subject to risks as described in the Funds’ Prospectus. References to specific investments should not be construed as a recommendation of a security by the Fund, its administrator, or the distributor.
[1] The S&P 500® Index is an unmanaged index of 500 selected common stocks, most of which are listed on the New York Stock Exchange. The S&P 500® Index is heavily weighted toward stocks with large market capitalization and represents approximately two-thirds of the total market value of all domestic stocks. It is not possible to invest directly in the S&P 500® Index.
You should carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. To obtain a Prospectus that contains this and other information about the Funds, please click here for more information, email info@greencentury.com or call 1-800-93-GREEN. Please read the Prospectus carefully before investing.
Stocks will fluctuate in response to factors that may affect a single company, industry, sector, or the market as a whole and may perform worse than the market. Bonds are subject to risks including interest rate, credit, and inflation. The Funds’ environmental criteria limit the investments available to the Funds compared to mutual funds that do not use environmental criteria.
The MSCI KLD 400 Social ex Fossil Fuels Index (the KLD400 ex Fossil Fuels Index) is a custom index calculated by MSCI Inc. The KLD400 ex Fossil Fuels Index is comprised of the common stocks of the approximately 400 companies in the MSCI KLD 400 Social Index (The KLD400 Index), minus the stocks of the companies that explore for, process, refine, or distribute coal, oil or gas or produce or transmit electricity derived from fossil fuels or transmit natural gas that are included in the KLD400 Index. The KLD400 Index is a free float-adjusted market capitalization index designed to provide exposure to U.S. companies that have positive Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) characteristics and consists of 400 companies selected from the MSCI USA Investable Market Index. It is not possible to invest directly in an index.
The Green Century Equity Fund (the “Fund”) is not sponsored, endorsed, or promoted by MSCI, its affiliates, information providers or any other third party involved in, or related to, compiling, computing or creating the MSCI indices (the “MSCI Parties”), and the MSCI Parties bear no liability with respect to the Fund or any index on which the Fund is based. The MSCI Parties are not sponsors of the Fund and are not affiliated with the Fund in any way. The Statement of Additional Information contains a more detailed description of the limited relationship the MSCI Parties have with Green Century Capital Management and the Fund.
The Green Century Funds are distributed by UMB Distribution Services, LLC., 235 W. Galena Street, Milwaukee, WI 53212.


Click here to see the current holdings of the Green Century Funds. Portfolio composition will change due to ongoing management of the Funds. References to specific securities or sectors should not be construed as recommendations by the Funds, their Advisor, or their Distributor.
© 2017 Green Century Capital Management, Inc. 114 State Street, Suite 200, Boston, MA 02109. For More Information call: 1-800-93-GREEN (934-7336)
You should carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. To obtain a Prospectus that contains this and other information about the Funds, please click here for more information, email info@greencentury.staging.wpengine.com or call 1-800-93-GREEN. Please read the Prospectus carefully before investing. 
Stocks will fluctuate in response to factors that may affect a single company, industry, sector, country, region or the market as a whole and may perform worse than the market. Foreign securities are subject to additional risks such as currency fluctuations, regional economic and political conditions, differences in accounting methods, and other unique risks compared to investing in securities of U.S. issuers. Bonds are subject to risks including interest rate, credit, and inflation. The Funds’ environmental criteria limit the investments available to the Funds compared to mutual funds that do not use environmental criteria.
The Green Century Funds are distributed by UMB Distribution Services, LLC., 235 W. Galena Street, Milwaukee, WI 53212.


Click here to see the current holdings of the Green Century Funds. Portfolio composition will change due to ongoing management of the Funds. References to specific securities or sectors should not be construed as recommendations by the Funds, their Advisor, or their Distributor.
© 2017 Green Century Capital Management, Inc. 114 State Street, Suite 200, Boston, MA 02109. For More Information call: 1-800-93-GREEN (934-7336)
You should carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. To obtain a Prospectus that contains this and other information about the Funds, please click here for more information, email info@greencentury.staging.wpengine.com or call 1-800-93-GREEN. Please read the Prospectus carefully before investing. 
Stocks will fluctuate in response to factors that may affect a single company, industry, sector, country, region or the market as a whole and may perform worse than the market. Foreign securities are subject to additional risks such as currency fluctuations, regional economic and political conditions, differences in accounting methods, and other unique risks compared to investing in securities of U.S. issuers. Bonds are subject to risks including interest rate, credit, and inflation. The Funds’ environmental criteria limit the investments available to the Funds compared to mutual funds that do not use environmental criteria.
The Green Century Funds are distributed by UMB Distribution Services, LLC., 235 W. Galena Street, Milwaukee, WI 53212.


Please note that by following any of the links above, you will be leaving the GreenCentury.com website. Neither Green Century Capital Management nor the Green Century Funds nor UMB Distribution Services, LLC is responsible for the content on other websites.
The views expressed in the articles are those of the author(s) at the time the articles were written. They do not necessarily reflect the views of the Funds, their Advisor, or their Distributor. These views may not be relied upon as investment advice.
Click here to see the current holdings of the Green Century Funds. Portfolio composition will change due to ongoing management of the Funds. References to specific securities or sectors should not be construed as recommendations by the Funds, their Advisor, or their Distributor.
© 2017 Green Century Capital Management, Inc. 114 State Street, Suite 200, Boston, MA 02109. For More Information call: 1-800-93-GREEN (934-7336)
You should carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. To obtain a Prospectus that contains this and other information about the Funds, please click here for more information, email info@greencentury.staging.wpengine.com or call 1-800-93-GREEN. Please read the Prospectus carefully before investing. 
Stocks will fluctuate in response to factors that may affect a single company, industry, sector, country, region or the market as a whole and may perform worse than the market. Foreign securities are subject to additional risks such as currency fluctuations, regional economic and political conditions, differences in accounting methods, and other unique risks compared to investing in securities of U.S. issuers. Bonds are subject to risks including interest rate, credit, and inflation. The Funds’ environmental criteria limit the investments available to the Funds compared to mutual funds that do not use environmental criteria.
The Green Century Funds are distributed by UMB Distribution Services, LLC., 235 W. Galena Street, Milwaukee, WI 53212.


 © 2017 Green Century Capital Management, Inc. 114 State Street, Suite 200, Boston, MA 02109. For More Information call: 1-800-93-GREEN (934-7336)
You should carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. To obtain a Prospectus that contains this and other information about the Funds, please click here for more information, email info@greencentury.com or call 1-800-93-GREEN. Please read the Prospectus carefully before investing. 
Stocks will fluctuate in response to factors that may affect a single company, industry, sector, country, region or the market as a whole and may perform worse than the market. Foreign securities are subject to additional risks such as currency fluctuations, regional economic and political conditions, differences in accounting methods, and other unique risks compared to investing in securities of U.S. issuers. Bonds are subject to risks including interest rate, credit, and inflation. The Funds’ environmental criteria limit the investments available to the Funds compared to mutual funds that do not use environmental criteria.
The Green Century Funds are distributed by UMB Distribution Services, LLC., 235 W. Galena Street, Milwaukee, WI 53212.


 © 2017 Green Century Capital Management, Inc. 114 State Street, Suite 200, Boston, MA 02109. For More Information call: 1-800-93-GREEN (934-7336)
*As of September 30, 2015, Starbucks Corporation and Kellogg Company comprised 0.02% and 1.20% and 0.00% and 0.24% of the Green Century Balanced Fund and the Green Century Equity Fund, respectively. Other securities mentioned were not held in the portfolios of the Green Century Funds as of September 30, 2015. References to specific securities, which will change due to ongoing management of the Funds, should not be construed as a recommendation by the Funds, their administrator, or their distributor.
Stocks will fluctuate in response to factors that may affect a single company, industry, sector, or the market as a whole and may perform worse than the market. Bonds are subject to risks including interest rate, credit, and inflation. The Funds’ environmental criteria limit the investments available to the Funds compared to mutual funds that do not use environmental criteria.
You should carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. To obtain a Prospectus that contains this and other information about the Funds, please click here for more information, email info@greencentury.com or call 1-800-93-GREEN. Please read the Prospectus carefully before investing. 
This information has been prepared from sources believed to be reliable. The views expressed are as of the date of this writing and are those of the Advisor to the Green Century Funds.
The Green Century Funds are distributed by UMB Distribution Services, LLC., 235 W. Galena Street, Milwaukee, WI 53212.


© 2017 Green Century Capital Management, Inc. 114 State Street, Suite 200, Boston, MA 02109. For More Information call: 1-800-93-GREEN (934-7336)
You should carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. To obtain a Prospectus that contains this and other information about the Funds, please click here for more information, email info@greencentury.com or call 1-800-93-GREEN. Please read the Prospectus carefully before investing. 
Stocks will fluctuate in response to factors that may affect a single company, industry, sector, country, region or the market as a whole and may perform worse than the market. Foreign securities are subject to additional risks such as currency fluctuations, regional economic and political conditions, differences in accounting methods, and other unique risks compared to investing in securities of U.S. issuers. Bonds are subject to risks including interest rate, credit, and inflation. The Funds’ environmental criteria limit the investments available to the Funds compared to mutual funds that do not use environmental criteria.
The Green Century Funds are distributed by UMB Distribution Services, LLC., 235 W. Galena Street, Milwaukee, WI 53212.


© 2017 Green Century Capital Management, Inc. 114 State Street, Suite 200, Boston, MA 02109. For More Information call: 1-800-93-GREEN (934-7336)
The performance information provided on this website is past performance, and past performance is not a guarantee of future results. Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance quoted. To obtain performance current to the most recent month-end, please call 1-800-93-GREEN. Performance includes the reinvestment of income dividends and capital gains distributions. Performance shown does not reflect the deduction of taxes that a shareholder might pay on Fund distributions or the redemption of Fund shares. A redemption fee of 2.00% may be imposed on redemptions or exchanges of shares you have owned for 60 days or less. Please see the prospectus for more information.
The holdings of the Balanced Fund may change due to ongoing management of the Fund. Please click here for current information regarding the Funds’ portfolio holdings. These holdings are subject to risk as described in the Funds’ Prospectus. References to specific investments should not be construed as a recommendation of a security by the Fund, its administrator, or the distributor.
[1] The Custom Balanced Index is comprised of a 60% weighting in the S&P Supercomposite 1500 Index (the S&P 1500 Index) and a 40% weighting in the BofA Merrill Lynch 1-10 Year US Corporate & Government Index (the BofA Merrill Lynch Index). The S&P 1500 Index is an unmanaged index of 1500 selected stocks. The BofA Merrill Lynch Index tracks the performance of U.S. dollar-denominated investment grade government and corporate public debt issued in the U.S. domestic bond market with at least 1 year and less than 10 years remaining maturity, including U.S. treasury, U.S. agency, foreign government, supranational and corporate securities. It is not possible to invest directly in the Custom Balanced Index.
You should carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. To obtain a Prospectus that contains this and other information about the Funds, please click here for more information, email info@greencentury.com or call 1-800-93-GREEN. Please read the Prospectus carefully before investing.
Stocks will fluctuate in response to factors that may affect a single company, industry, sector, or the market as a whole and may perform worse than the market. Bonds are subject to risks including interest rate, credit, and inflation. The Funds’ environmental criteria limit the investments available to the Funds compared to mutual funds that do not use environmental criteria.
The Green Century Funds are distributed by UMB Distribution Services, LLC., 235 W. Galena Street, Milwaukee, WI 53212.


© 2017 Green Century Capital Management, Inc. 114 State Street, Suite 200, Boston, MA 02109. For More Information call: 1-800-93-GREEN (934-7336)
The performance information provided on this website is past performance, and past performance is not a guarantee of future results. Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance quoted. To obtain performance current to the most recent month-end, please call 1-800-93-GREEN. Performance includes the reinvestment of income dividends and capital gains distributions. Performance shown does not reflect the deduction of taxes that a shareholder might pay on Fund distributions or the redemption of Fund shares. A redemption fee of 2.00% may be imposed on redemptions or exchanges of shares you have owned for 60 days or less. Please see the prospectus for more information.
The holdings of the Equity Fund may change due to ongoing management of the Fund. Please refer to the Green Century Funds website for current information regarding the Funds’ portfolio holdings. These holdings are subject to risks as described in the Funds’ Prospectus. References to specific investments should not be construed as a recommendation of a security by the Fund, its administrator, or the distributor.
[1] The S&P 500® Index is an unmanaged index of 500 selected common stocks, most of which are listed on the New York Stock Exchange. The S&P 500® Index is heavily weighted toward stocks with large market capitalization and represents approximately two-thirds of the total market value of all domestic stocks. It is not possible to invest directly in the S&P 500® Index.
You should carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. To obtain a Prospectus that contains this and other information about the Funds, please click here for more information, email info@greencentury.com or call 1-800-93-GREEN. Please read the Prospectus carefully before investing.
Stocks will fluctuate in response to factors that may affect a single company, industry, sector, or the market as a whole and may perform worse than the market. Bonds are subject to risks including interest rate, credit, and inflation. The Funds’ environmental criteria limit the investments available to the Funds compared to mutual funds that do not use environmental criteria.
The MSCI KLD 400 Social ex Fossil Fuels Index (the KLD400 ex Fossil Fuels Index) is a custom index calculated by MSCI Inc. The KLD400 ex Fossil Fuels Index is comprised of the common stocks of the approximately 400 companies in the MSCI KLD 400 Social Index (The KLD400 Index), minus the stocks of the companies that explore for, process, refine, or distribute coal, oil or gas or produce or transmit electricity derived from fossil fuels or transmit natural gas that are included in the KLD400 Index. The KLD400 Index is a free float-adjusted market capitalization index designed to provide exposure to U.S. companies that have positive Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) characteristics and consists of 400 companies selected from the MSCI USA Investable Market Index. It is not possible to invest directly in an index.
The Green Century Equity Fund (the “Fund”) is not sponsored, endorsed, or promoted by MSCI, its affiliates, information providers or any other third party involved in, or related to, compiling, computing or creating the MSCI indices (the “MSCI Parties”), and the MSCI Parties bear no liability with respect to the Fund or any index on which the Fund is based. The MSCI Parties are not sponsors of the Fund and are not affiliated with the Fund in any way. The Statement of Additional Information contains a more detailed description of the limited relationship the MSCI Parties have with Green Century Capital Management and the Fund.
The Green Century Funds are distributed by UMB Distribution Services, LLC., 235 W. Galena Street, Milwaukee, WI 53212.


© 2017 Green Century Capital Management, Inc. 114 State Street, Suite 200, Boston, MA 02109. For More Information call: 1-800-93-GREEN (934-7336)
*As of June 30, 2016, Starbucks Corporation, Kellogg Company, and Bunge Limited comprised 1.12% and 1.12%, 0.00% and 0.28%, and 0.00% and 0.11% of the Green Century Balanced Fund and the Green Century Equity Fund, respectively. Other securities mentioned were not held in the portfolios of the Green Century Funds as of June 30, 2016. References to specific securities, which will change due to ongoing management of the Funds, should not be construed as a recommendation by the Funds, their administrator, or their distributor.
Stocks will fluctuate in response to factors that may affect a single company, industry, sector, or the market as a whole and may perform worse than the market. Bonds are subject to risks including interest rate, credit, and inflation. The Funds’ environmental criteria limit the investments available to the Funds compared to mutual funds that do not use environmental criteria.
You should carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. To obtain a Prospectus that contains this and other information about the Funds, please click here for more information, email info@greencentury.com or call 1-800-93-GREEN. Please read the Prospectus carefully before investing. 
This information has been prepared from sources believed to be reliable. The views expressed are as of the date of this writing and are those of the Advisor to the Green Century Funds.
The Green Century Funds are distributed by UMB Distribution Services, LLC., 235 W. Galena Street, Milwaukee, WI 53212.


© 2017 Green Century Capital Management, Inc. 114 State Street, Suite 200, Boston, MA 02109. For More Information call: 1-800-93-GREEN (934-7336)
*As of June 30, 2016, Bunge Limited, Kellogg Company, and The JM Smucker Company comprised 0.00% and 0.11%, 0.00% and 0.28%, and 0.00% and 0.24% of the Green Century Balanced Fund and the Green Century Equity Fund, respectively. Other securities mentioned were not held in the portfolios of the Green Century Funds as of June 30, 2016. References to specific securities, which will change due to ongoing management of the Funds, should not be construed as a recommendation by the Funds, their administrator, or their distributor.
Stocks will fluctuate in response to factors that may affect a single company, industry, sector, or the market as a whole and may perform worse than the market. Bonds are subject to risks including interest rate, credit, and inflation. The Funds’ environmental criteria limit the investments available to the Funds compared to mutual funds that do not use environmental criteria. 
You should carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. To obtain a Prospectus that contains this and other information about the Funds, please click here for more information, email info@greencentury.com or call 1-800-93-GREEN. Please read the Prospectus carefully before investing. 
This information has been prepared from sources believed to be reliable. The views expressed are as of the date of this writing and are those of the Advisor to the Green Century Funds.
The Green Century Funds are distributed by UMB Distribution Services, LLC., 235 W. Galena Street, Milwaukee, WI 53212.

© 2017 Green Century Capital Management, Inc. 114 State Street, Suite 200, Boston, MA 02109. For More Information call: 1-800-93-GREEN (934-7336)
*As of June 30, 2016, Starbucks Corporation, Kellogg Company, The JM Smucker Company, General Mills, Inc., and Mondelez International, Inc. comprised 1.12% and 1.12%, 0.00% and 0.28%, 0.00% and 0.24%, 0.01% and 0.56% and 0.00% and 0.94% of the Green Century Balanced Fund and the Green Century Equity Fund, respectively. Other securities mentioned were not held in the portfolios of the Green Century Funds as of June 30, 2016. References to specific securities, which will change due to ongoing management of the Funds, should not be construed as a recommendation by the Funds, their administrator, or their distributor. 
Stocks will fluctuate in response to factors that may affect a single company, industry, sector, or the market as a whole and may perform worse than the market. Bonds are subject to risks including interest rate, credit, and inflation. The Funds’ environmental criteria limit the investments available to the Funds compared to mutual funds that do not use environmental criteria.
You should carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. To obtain a Prospectus that contains this and other information about the Funds, please click here for more information, email info@greencentury.com or call 1-800-93-GREEN. Please read the Prospectus carefully before investing.
This information has been prepared from sources believed to be reliable. The views expressed are as of the date of this writing and are those of the Advisor to the Green Century Funds.
The Green Century Funds are distributed by UMB Distribution Services, LLC., 235 W. Galena Street, Milwaukee, WI 53212.

1 Jena McGregor, “More women at the top, higher returns,” The Washington Post, September 24, 2014. 
2  “The CS Gender 3000: Women in Senior Management,” Credit Suisse Research Institute, pages 4, 16-20, September 2014. 
3  The Credit Suisse analyzed 3000 companies starting in 2005 through the end of 2013. Women in leadership comprised 15.54% and 18.35% of the Green Century Balanced Fund and the Green Century Equity Fund, respectively, as of June 30, 2015, compared to a global average of 12.9% at over 3000
companies covered by the Credit Suisse analysts as of the end of 2013. “The CS Gender 3000: Women in Senior Management,” Credit Suisse Research Institute, page 5, September 2014. 
4 Pat Wechsler, “Women led companies perform three times better than the S&P 500,” Fortune, March 3, 2015. 
5  Joann S. Lublin, “New Report Finds a ‘Diversity Dividend’ at Work,” The Wall Street Journal, January 20, 2015. 
6  As of June 30, 2015, the percentage of women on boards was 20.35% and 19.71% for the Green Century Balanced Fund and the Green Century Equity Fund, respectively. The global average of women on boards of directors was 12.4% at over 6,000 companies analyzed by MSCI as of September 30, 2014. Governance Issue Report: 2014 Survey of Women on Boards,” MSCI, page 14, November 2014. 
Stocks will fluctuate in response to factors that may affect a single company, industry, sector, or the market as a whole and may perform worse than the market. Bonds are subject to risks including interest rate, credit, and inflation. The Funds’ environmental criteria limit the investments available to the Funds compared to mutual funds that do not use environmental criteria.
Past performance does not guarantee future results.
The holdings of the Green Century Funds will change due to ongoing management of the Funds.
This information has been prepared from resources believed to be reliable. The views expressed are as of June 30, 2015 and are those of the Advisor to the Funds.
You should carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. To obtain a Prospectus that contains this and other information about the Funds, please click here for more information, email info@greencentury.com or call 1-800-93-GREEN. Please read the Prospectus carefully before investing.
The Green Century Funds are distributed by UMB Distribution Services, LLC., 235 W Galena Street, Milwaukee, WI 53212. 4/16


© 2017 Green Century Capital Management, Inc. 114 State Street, Suite 200, Boston, MA 02109. For More Information call: 1-800-93-GREEN (934-7336)
You should carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. To obtain a Prospectus that contains this and other information about the Funds, please click here for more information, email info@greencentury.com or call 1-800-93-GREEN. Please read the Prospectus carefully before investing. 
Stocks will fluctuate in response to factors that may affect a single company, industry, sector, country, region or the market as a whole and may perform worse than the market. Foreign securities are subject to additional risks such as currency fluctuations, regional economic and political conditions, differences in accounting methods, and other unique risks compared to investing in securities of U.S. issuers. Bonds are subject to risks including interest rate, credit, and inflation. The Funds’ environmental criteria limit the investments available to the Funds compared to mutual funds that do not use environmental criteria.
The Green Century Funds are distributed by UMB Distribution Services, LLC., 235 W. Galena Street, Milwaukee, WI 53212.
Check the background of investment professional Erin Gray on FINRA's BrokerCheck. 


The Green Century MSCI International Index Fund is not available for investment at this time.
The information contained in the prospectus or statement of additional information is subject to completion or amendment. A registration statement relating to the Fund has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission but has not yet become effective. The Fund may not be sold nor may offers to buy be accepted prior to the time the registration statement becomes effective.   This communication shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sales of the Fund’s shares in any state in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under securities laws of any such state as noted in the filings.   
The Fund is tentatively scheduled to launch September 30, 2016.  Please visit greencentury.com for future updates on the Fund.
An indication of interest in response to this advertisement will involve no obligation or commitment of any kind.
As with all equity funds, the share price will fluctuate and may fall if the market as a whole declines or the value of the companies in which the Fund invests falls. The value of stocks held in the Fund will fluctuate in response to factors that may affect a single company, industry, market cap, country or region and may perform worse than the market.  Foreign securities are subject to additional risks such as currency fluctuations, regional economic and political conditions, differences in accounting methods, and other unique risks compared to investing in securities of U.S. issuers. The Fund’s environmental criteria limit the investments available to the Fund compared to mutual funds that do not use environmental criteria.
© 2017 Green Century Capital Management, Inc. 114 State Street, Suite 200, Boston, MA 02109. For More Information, call: 1-800-93-GREEN (934-7336)
You should carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. To obtain a Prospectus that contains this and other information about the Funds, please click here for more information, email info@greencentury.com or call 1-800-93-GREEN. Please read the Prospectus carefully before investing. 
The Green Century Funds are distributed by UMB Distribution Services, LLC., 235 W Galena Street, Milwaukee, WI 53212


The Green Century MSCI International Index Fund is not available for investment at this time.
The information contained in the prospectus or statement of additional information is subject to completion or amendment. A registration statement relating to the Fund has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission but has not yet become effective. The Fund may not be sold nor may offers to buy be accepted prior to the time the registration statement becomes effective.   This communication shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sales of the Fund’s shares in any state in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under securities laws of any such state as noted in the filings.   
The Fund is tentatively scheduled to launch September 30, 2016.  Please visit greencentury.com for future updates on the Fund.
An indication of interest in response to this advertisement will involve no obligation or commitment of any kind.
As with all equity funds, the share price will fluctuate and may fall if the market as a whole declines or the value of the companies in which the Fund invests falls. The value of stocks held in the Fund will fluctuate in response to factors that may affect a single company, industry, market cap, country or region and may perform worse than the market.  Foreign securities are subject to additional risks such as currency fluctuations, regional economic and political conditions, differences in accounting methods, and other unique risks compared to investing in securities of U.S. issuers. The Fund’s environmental criteria limit the investments available to the Fund compared to mutual funds that do not use environmental criteria.
© 2017 Green Century Capital Management, Inc. 114 State Street, Suite 200, Boston, MA 02109. For More Information, call: 1-800-93-GREEN (934-7336)
You should carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. To obtain a Prospectus that contains this and other information about the Funds, please click here for more information, email info@greencentury.com or call 1-800-93-GREEN. Please read the Prospectus carefully before investing. 
The Green Century Funds are distributed by UMB Distribution Services, LLC., 235 W Galena Street, Milwaukee, WI 53212


© 2017 Green Century Capital Management, Inc. 114 State Street, Suite 200, Boston, MA 02109. For More Information call: 1-800-93-GREEN (934-7336)
The performance information provided on this website is past performance, and past performance is not a guarantee of future results. Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance quoted. To obtain performance current to the most recent month-end, please call 1-800-93-GREEN. Performance includes the reinvestment of income dividends and capital gains distributions. Performance shown does not reflect the deduction of taxes that a shareholder might pay on Fund distributions or the redemption of Fund shares. A redemption fee of 2.00% may be imposed on redemptions or exchanges of shares you have owned for 60 days or less. Please see the prospectus for more information.
The holdings of the International Index Fund may change due to ongoing management of the Fund. Please refer to the Green Century Funds website for current information regarding the Fund's portfolio holdings. These holdings are subject to risks as described in the Fund's Prospectus. References to specific investments should not be construed as a recommendation of a security by the Fund, its administrator, or the distributor.
[1] The MSCI World ex USA Index is a custom index calculated by MSCI Inc. The MSCI World ex USA Index includes large and mid-cap stocks across 22 of 23 Developed Markets (DM) countries and excludes the United States. With 1,023 constituents, the index covers approximately 85% of the free float-adjusted market capitalization in each country. The MSCI World ex USA Index is a free float-adjusted market capitalization index. It is not possible to invest directly in the MSCI World ex USA Index.
You should carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. To obtain a Prospectus that contains this and other information about the Funds, please click here for more information, email info@greencentury.com or call 1-800-93-GREEN. Please read the Prospectus carefully before investing.
As with all equity funds, the share price will fluctuate and may fall if the market as a whole declines or the value of the companies in which the Fund invests falls. The value of stocks held in the Fund will fluctuate in response to factors that may affect a single company, industry, market cap, country or region and may perform worse than the market.  Foreign securities are subject to additional risks such as currency fluctuations, regional economic and political conditions, differences in accounting methods, and other unique risks compared to investing in securities of U.S. issuers. The Fund’s environmental criteria limit the investments available to the Fund compared to mutual funds that do not use environmental criteria.
The World ex USA SRI ex Fossil Fuels Index is a custom index calculated by MSCI Inc. The World ex USA SRI ex Fossil Fuels Index is comprised of the common stocks of the companies in the MSCI World ex USA SRI Index (the World ex USA SRI Index), minus the stocks of the companies that explore for, extract, produce, manufacture or refine coal, oil or gas or produce or transmit electricity derived from fossil fuels or transmit natural gas or have carbon reserves included in the World ex USA SRI (Socially Responsible Investment) Index. The World ex USA SRI Index includes large and mid-cap stocks from approximately 22 developed markets countries (excluding the U.S.). The World ex USA SRI Index is a capitalization weighted index that provides exposure to companies with what MSCI calculates to have outstanding Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) ratings and excludes companies whose products have negative social or environmental impacts. It is not possible to invest directly in an index.
The Green Century MSCI International Index Fund (the “Fund”) is not sponsored, endorsed, or promoted by MSCI, its affiliates, information providers or any other third party involved in, or related to, compiling, computing or creating the MSCI indices (the “MSCI Parties”), and the MSCI Parties bear no liability with respect to the Fund or any index on which the Fund is based. The MSCI Parties are not sponsors of the Fund and are not affiliated with the Fund in any way. The Statement of Additional Information contains a more detailed description of the limited relationship the MSCI Parties have with Green Century Capital Management and the Fund.
The Green Century Funds are distributed by UMB Distribution Services, LLC., 235 W. Galena Street, Milwaukee, WI 53212.


© 2017 Green Century Capital Management, Inc. 114 State Street, Suite 200, Boston, MA 02109. For More Information call: 1-800-93-GREEN (934-7336)
You should carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. To obtain a Prospectus that contains this and other information about the Funds, please click here for more information, email info@greencentury.com or call 1-800-93-GREEN. Please read the Prospectus carefully before investing.
*Prior to transferring or rolling over your account, consider your other options. You may be able to leave money in your current plan, withdraw cash or rollover the assets to a new employer’s plan if one is available and rollovers are permitted. Compare the differences in investment options, services, fees and expenses, withdrawal options, required minimum distributions, other plan features, and tax treatment. You should consult your own legal and tax professionals regarding your situation.
Stocks will fluctuate in response to factors that may affect a single company, industry, sector, country, region or the market as a whole and may perform worse than the market. Foreign securities are subject to additional risks such as currency fluctuations, regional economic and political conditions, differences in accounting methods, and other unique risks compared to investing in securities of U.S. issuers. Bonds are subject to risks including interest rate, credit, and inflation. The Funds’ environmental criteria limit the investments available to the Funds compared to mutual funds that do not use environmental criteria.
The Green Century Funds are distributed by UMB Distribution Services, LLC., 235 W. Galena Street, Milwaukee, WI 53212.


© 2017 Green Century Capital Management, Inc. 114 State Street, Suite 200, Boston, MA 02109. For More Information call: 1-800-93-GREEN (934-7336)
You should carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. To obtain a Prospectus that contains this and other information about the Funds, please click here for more information, email info@greencentury.staging.wpengine.com or call 1-800-93-GREEN. Please read the Prospectus carefully before investing. 
*Prior to transferring or rolling over your account, consider your other options. You may be able to leave money in your current plan, withdraw cash or rollover the assets to a new employer’s plan if one is available and rollovers are permitted. Compare the differences in investment options, services, fees and expenses, withdrawal options, required minimum distributions, other plan features, and tax treatment. You should consult your own legal and tax professionals regarding your situation.
Stocks will fluctuate in response to factors that may affect a single company, industry, sector, country, region or the market as a whole and may perform worse than the market. Foreign securities are subject to additional risks such as currency fluctuations, regional economic and political conditions, differences in accounting methods, and other unique risks compared to investing in securities of U.S. issuers. Bonds are subject to risks including interest rate, credit, and inflation. The Funds’ environmental criteria limit the investments available to the Funds compared to mutual funds that do not use environmental criteria.
The Green Century Funds are distributed by UMB  Distribution Services, LLC., 235 W. Galena Street, Milwaukee, WI 53212.







Enter email for E-News*

PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

 









 







© 2017 Green Century Capital Management, Inc. 114 State Street, Suite 200, Boston, MA 02109. For More Information, call: 1-800-93-GREEN (934-7336)
Site by PowerThru























	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































