



Wealth Management Michigan | Blue Chip Partners | Farmington Hills, MI












RJF Investor Access | Blue Chip Client Portal | Contact Us








Why Blue Chip Partners?
Click on the link to learn more about Blue Chip.



Join the Blue Chip Team
Click on the link to learn more about open opportunities.





















Charitably Inclined | Wealth Management Michigan | Blue Chip Partners












RJF Investor Access | Blue Chip Client Portal | Contact Us








Charitably Inclined


You view your place in the world differently than many people. Having achieved personal success, you are particularly interested in making a positive impact in the lives of others. Chances are you devote a significant amount of time to charitable causes. You would love to give more, but in these challenging times, you are less confident about your own family’s financial situation. Depending on your individual circumstances, there are a number of tax planning strategies that can enable you to make life-changing contributions to charitable organizations at a surprisingly low net cost to your family.
Nearly everyone is familiar with the charitable income tax deduction. There are a number of additional strategies, including charitable remainder trusts, charitable lead trusts, bargain sales and gift annuities, that are often underutilized due to a lack of full understanding. Your current advisory team may not be fully aware of your willingness to consider large charitable gifts. They may have limited knowledge of sophisticated charitable planning. As a result, they often do not proactively raise these strategies.
There is a good chance that you will be introduced to creative gifting strategies by the planned giving executive of your favorite organization. Your initial response to these strategies may border on disbelief; however the tax code does have a number of provisions that greatly minimize the cost of being charitably inclined. The challenge is where you should turn to gain an independent understanding of the various options available.
Blue Chip Partners can play a variety of positive roles in the planned giving process. In addition to educating our clients on the wide array of strategies, we collaborate with other professionals in the implementation of these strategies. Finally, we understand the challenges faced by the philanthropic community, and can play an independent role in helping potential donors fully understand the advantages and disadvantages of various giving strategies.
*Please note changes in tax laws or regulations can occur at anytime and could substantially impact your situation.



Corporate Executives
Professionals
Nearly Retired
Charitably Inclined






















Portfolio Management | Wealth Management Michigan | Blue Chip Partners












RJF Investor Access | Blue Chip Client Portal | Contact Us








Portfolio Management



As a Blue Chip Partners client, you will be served by the entire Blue Chip Partners team. Under our highly personalized investment process, you will have a one-on-one relationship with your primary advisor who is responsible for the daily management of your portfolio. In addition, your primary advisor will maintain regular contact with you, including the coordination of face-to-face meetings, and will be available to respond to your questions as they arise. You will also have a secondary advisor who is familiar with your personal situation.







 





Our Investment Philosophy
The investment philosophy at Blue Chip Partners revolves around the selection of a core portfolio of U.S. large-company, dividend-paying stocks (Blue Chip Core Portfolio). We recognize the return from dividends represents actual cash flow - not paper profits. The starting point for a stock to be considered for our Blue Chip Core Portfolio is a dividend yield in excess of the S&P 500.† In addition, we place a high importance on:

history of increasing dividends*
balance sheet strength
free cash flow generation
growing multinational revenue

The Blue Chip Core Portfolio is normally complemented by a small number of opportunistic stocks, a satellite group of exchange traded funds (ETFs), index and actively managed mutual funds.
Our philosophy is consistently applied to all client portfolios; those portfolios, however, are not all the same. Your specific circumstances and requirements are carefully considered and reflected in the construction and maintenance of your individual portfolio. For example, a “legacy” position that may have a very low cost basis or that may have a particular attraction to you can be retained. Modest adjustments to reflect current income needs can also be individually addressed through the specific selection of dividend-paying equities or through adjustments to the stock/bond mix.
Keep in mind that there is no assurance that this or any strategy will ultimately be successful or profitable.
† an unmanaged index of 500 widely held stocks that is generally considered representative of the U.S. stock market
* dividends are not guaranteed and must be authorized by a company’s board of directors


Investment Custodian
Client accounts are generally held at Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Member NYSE/SIPC, and a subsidiary of Raymond James Financial, Inc., a registered broker/dealer, Member FINRA/SIPC, (collectively "Raymond James"). Accounts may also be held at Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC and National Financial Services LLC (collectively "Fidelity"), a registered broker/dealer, Member FINRA/SIPC or at Charles Schwab ("Schwab"), a registered broker/dealer, Member FINRA/SIPC.
As qualified custodians, Raymond James, Fidelity, and/or Schwab provide your monthly or quarterly account statement, secure internet access to your account information and year-end tax information.
Retirement plan accounts offered by your employer are held by the qualified custodian selected by the retirement plan sponsor.




Total Wealth Blueprint
Portfolio Management






















Who We Are | Wealth Management Michigan | Blue Chip Partners












RJF Investor Access | Blue Chip Client Portal | Contact Us








Who We Are
Blue Chip Partners boasts more than 100 years of collective experience in successfully serving the financial needs of clients. Our team brings a full spectrum of expertise that includes backgrounds in law, taxation, investments, insurance and client service. Our strength is developing lasting relationships built on mutual trust, thoughtful decisions and exceptional service.



Our Team
Expectations
Credentials
FAQ
Open Opportunities






















Who We Are | Wealth Management Michigan | Blue Chip Partners












RJF Investor Access | Blue Chip Client Portal | Contact Us








FAQ
What experience do you have in wealth management?

Robert Steinberg established an independent advisory firm in 1993 after accomplished tenures in law and public accounting. After three successful years with a well respected insurance and financial services company, Daniel Seder joined our firm in 2005.
Our support team of Robbin Love, Elizabeth Kelly, Elizabeth Fabien, Rachael Russell and Cynthia Steinberg has over 65 collective years of industry experience. In 2010 our firm was renamed  Blue Chip Partners to more accurately reflect the caliber of our team and the quality of our clients.

What are your qualifications?

While there are licensing and registration requirements, there are no experience or educational prerequisites to becoming a financial advisor. At Blue Chip Partners, not only do we have highly respected industry designations, but also hold esteemed professional credentials. Robert's expertise springs from over two decades in financial services including his experience as a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ professional, Certified Public Accountant (CPA) and estate planning attorney (JD). Dan is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ professional and a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA). Take a look at Our Credentials to understand how we distinguish ourselves as true financial professionals.
What can Blue Chip Partners do for you that you can't do for yourself?
Wealth management presents many challenges - navigating financial markets, ever-changing tax codes, legal issues surrounding your estate, uncertainty over Social Security - just to name a few. You can face these challenges alone or in partnership with professionals like us. 
Blue Chip Partners offers three major benefits:

Comprehensive approach; unbiased advice
Outstanding support team
Our backgrounds in law, tax, investments and insurance help us identify weaknesses and recommend solutions that other financial advisors may not recognize. We partner with you as an important member of your advisory team.

Unlike financial representatives of major insurance or brokerage firms, we are not tied to specific sources of financial products. As an independent advisory firm, our recommendations are impartial and are executed to serve our clients' best interests.  The importance of a strong support team cannot be overestimated. Our team is knowledgeable, personable and can make even the most difficult tasks seem ordinary.

How do I become a client?

You can call our office (248.848.1111) and we will set up an initial meeting.

How often will we meet?

If there's anything as good as the quality of our financial expertise, it's our ultra-personal service. Part of our commitment is making sure you know where you are on your financial path. The amount of time you spend with your advisor depends on your individual needs. Some of our clients prefer an email, phone call or meeting on a regular basis. Others prefer to touch base only a few times during the year and meet face to face annually. We realize your situation may change - so we always maintain an open line of communication.

How much do your services cost?

Fees vary based on the complexity of your individual circumstances and the level of assets under management. All fees will be fully disclosed up front during your free, no-obligation initial meeting. 




Our Team
Expectations
Credentials
FAQ
Open Opportunities






















Total Wealth Blueprint | Wealth Management Michigan | Blue Chip Partners












RJF Investor Access | Blue Chip Client Portal | Contact Us








Total Wealth Blueprint



Your Blueprint
You would never consider building a home without detailed blueprints. In fact, the law requires detailed plans and specific approvals throughout the entire process. However, a blueprint is not as simple as just the floor plan; it takes into account the plumbing, heating and other “unseen” aspects of your home. The reality is that when it comes to one’s “financial house,” far too many people proceed without a formalized blueprint.






 Total Wealth Blueprint
Our Total Wealth Blueprint process, recognizing these often unaddressed aspects, takes a comprehensive approach to identifying any weaknesses in your financial house. Specifically, we conduct a detailed review of the five pillars that are the foundation of your financial house:


Taxes
We incorporate your tax returns in our investment analysis with a professional eye towards finding overlooked tax saving opportunities.
Investments
We evaluate your current portfolio paying special attention to whether it is appropriately diversified and truly reflects your ability to accept risk.
Estate Plan
We review your plan with a focus on modifications that may be advisable due to changes in family circumstances and tax laws.
Insurance
We research whether coverage is adequate and whether there are opportunities to lower overall cost.
Retirement
We focus on defining the amount of income needed in retirement and develop a strategy to generate cash flow in the most tax-efficient manner.












Creating Your Total Wealth Blueprint




Discovery Meeting
Our process begins with a series of questions designed to help us gain an appreciation of “your world.” During the Discovery Meeting we will strive to learn as much as possible about your family; career and retirement plans; investment experience; and core concerns. We also ask that you bring specific documents to the meeting.
At the conclusion of our Discovery Meeting, we are usually able to quote a fixed-fee for the preparation of your Total Wealth Blueprint. We have found that the fixed-fee approach, compared to the traditional hourly approach used by most professionals, encourages more detailed, open communication. Fees vary based on the complexity of your individual circumstances. All fees will be fully disclosed up front during your free, no-obligation initial meeting.












Total Wealth Blueprint
Portfolio Management


















﻿

























Blue Chip Partners Inc. Cuts Position in Emerson Electric Company (EMR) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Emerson Electric Company
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Emerson Electric Company with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Contrasting Tuesday Morning Corp. (TUES) and TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (NYSE:TJX)
Genworth Financial Inc (GNW) Debt Trading 1.7% Higher
LG Display Co., Ltd. (LPL) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold”
Invuity, Inc. (IVTY) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research
Donegal Group, Inc. (DGICB) Downgraded by TheStreet to “C+”
TransUnion (TRU) Upgraded by TheStreet to B-
Newmont Mining Corporation (NYSE:NEM) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts
BNP Paribas Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for Capita PLC (CPI)
Analysts Expect Elevate Credit, Inc. (NYSE:ELVT) to Post ($0.04) Earnings Per Share
HC Wainwright Begins Coverage on DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. (XRAY)
GTT Communications, Inc. (GTT) Stock Rating Lowered by BidaskClub
Nuveen Asset Management LLC Sells 6,997 Shares of Dick’s Sporting Goods Inc (NYSE:DKS)
Seaward Management Limited Partnership Sells 700 Shares of GlaxoSmithKline PLC (NYSE:GSK)
Debenhams Plc (LON:DEB) Receives “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital
Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for National Fuel Gas Company Decreased by Analyst (NFG)
Stora Enso OYJ (NASDAQ:SEOAY) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research
Sientra, Inc. (NASDAQ:SIEN) Coverage Initiated at Stephens
Toyota Motor Corp Ltd Ord (NYSE:TM) Expected to Post Q1 2018 Earnings of $2.68 Per Share
BidaskClub Lowers Shoe Carnival, Inc. (NASDAQ:SCVL) to Sell
TECSYS Inc. (TSE:TCS) to Post Q1 2018 Earnings of $0.06 Per Share, Cormark Forecasts


 


Blue Chip Partners Inc. Cuts Position in Emerson Electric Company (EMR)

Posted by Renee Johnson on Jul 24th, 2017 // 1 Comment 

Blue Chip Partners Inc. decreased its position in shares of Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR) by 28.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 1,948 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 775 shares during the period. Blue Chip Partners Inc.’s holdings in Emerson Electric were worth $117,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in EMR. First Command Financial Services Inc. boosted its position in Emerson Electric by 18.9% in the first quarter. First Command Financial Services Inc. now owns 1,935 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $116,000 after buying an additional 307 shares during the period. Central Bank & Trust Co. boosted its position in Emerson Electric by 31.3% in the first quarter. Central Bank & Trust Co. now owns 2,100 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $126,000 after buying an additional 500 shares during the period. Ancora Advisors LLC purchased a new position in Emerson Electric during the fourth quarter worth $158,000. Independent Advisor Alliance purchased a new position in Emerson Electric during the fourth quarter worth $194,000. Finally, Congress Asset Management Co. MA purchased a new position in Emerson Electric during the fourth quarter worth $201,000. Institutional investors own 68.88% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Emerson Electric Company alerts:



Emerson Electric Company (NYSE EMR) opened at 60.04 on Monday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $59.68 and its 200-day moving average is $59.54. Emerson Electric Company has a 52 week low of $49.22 and a 52 week high of $64.36. The firm has a market cap of $38.69 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.65 and a beta of 1.20. 




Emerson Electric (NYSE:EMR) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The industrial products company reported $0.58 earnings per share for the quarter, hitting the consensus estimate of $0.58. The business had revenue of $3.57 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.49 billion. Emerson Electric had a net margin of 8.72% and a return on equity of 23.37%. The company’s revenue was down .1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.57 EPS. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Emerson Electric Company will post $2.60 earnings per share for the current year. 
WARNING: “Blue Chip Partners Inc. Cuts Position in Emerson Electric Company (EMR)” was originally published by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this article can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/24/blue-chip-partners-inc-sells-775-shares-of-emerson-electric-company-emr-updated.html. 
Several analysts have commented on the stock. Cowen and Company reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $62.00 price target on shares of Emerson Electric in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. Stifel Nicolaus reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $67.00 price target (up previously from $65.00) on shares of Emerson Electric in a research note on Monday, May 15th. Royal Bank Of Canada reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $62.00 price target on shares of Emerson Electric in a research note on Tuesday, June 6th. TheStreet upgraded shares of Emerson Electric from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a research note on Thursday, May 4th. Finally, Morgan Stanley restated an “overweight” rating on shares of Emerson Electric in a report on Tuesday, July 11th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have issued a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the stock. Emerson Electric presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $56.96.
About Emerson Electric
Emerson Electric Co is a diversified global manufacturing company, which provides solutions to customers by bringing technology and engineering together in the industrial, commercial and consumer markets around the world. The Company operates through four segments based on the nature of the products and services rendered: Process Management, Industrial Automation, Climate Technologies and Commercial & Residential Solutions. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Emerson Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Emerson Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News



One Response




 yechiel says: 

July 24, 2017 at 9:45 am 
Could you believe that The Emerson Electric CEO , will allow Emerson , to be charged in connection with the pre Spectronix Spectrex acquisition , in committing acts of fraud, misrepresentation, and misconduct and a breach of fiduciary at Tell Aviv district court case No 4528-01-16 .
Please review : The William B. WEINBERGER, v. UOP, INC at the Supreme Court of Delaware. Decided: February 1, 1983.
Reply









Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 
































BLUE CHIP PARTNERS INC - NEW YORK, NY - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



NEW YORK



Investors, Nec



Real Estate Investors, Except Property Operators



                            BLUE CHIP PARTNERS INC
                                    



 





















B 


BLUE CHIP PARTNERS INC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



192 LEXINGTON AVE NEW YORK, NY 10016
Get Directions



(212) 661-0400





Business Info



 Founded 1988
 Incorporated NY
 Annual Revenue $180,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Real Estate Investors, Except Property Operators
 Contacts ARTHUR WALKER







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Blue Chip Partners Inc was founded in 1988. The company is located in New York and incorporated in New York. Blue Chip Partners Inc specializes in Real Estate Investors, Except Property Operators. Blue Chip Partners Inc has 2 employees and estimated revenues of $180,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







B

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.





















Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. Has $1.75 Million Stake in CA Inc. (CA) | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















CA Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



GrubHub Inc (GRUB) Shares Bought by Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc.					

St. Johns Investment Management Company LLC Has $155,000 Stake in GlaxoSmithKline PLC (GSK)					

Meeder Asset Management Inc. Invests $440,000 in JetBlue Airways Corporation (JBLU)					

Meeder Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Tenneco Inc. (TEN)					

Meeder Asset Management Inc. Sells 11,597 Shares of Raymond James Financial, Inc. (RJF)					

Woodstock Corp Sells 865 Shares of Hershey Company (The) (HSY)					

James Investment Research Inc. Acquires Shares of 62,070 Old Republic International Corporation (ORI)					

Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. Has $3.59 Million Stake in International Paper Company (IP)					

Cincinnati Financial Corporation (CINF) Shares Bought by Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V.					

Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. Has $1.75 Million Stake in CA Inc. (CA)					

Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. Acquires Shares of 138,634 Goldcorp Inc. (GG)					

Southwest Airlines Company (LUV) Stake Reduced by James Investment Research Inc.					

James Investment Research Inc. Invests $1.24 Million in Kemet Corporation (KEM)					

James Investment Research Inc. Takes Position in TPG Specialty Lending, Inc. (TSLX)					

Eqis Capital Management Inc. Has $509,000 Stake in SciClone Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SCLN)					

Fortune Brands Home & Security, Inc. (NYSE:FBHS) Cut to Market Perform at Wells Fargo & Company					

Globant S.A. (NYSE:GLOB) Lifted to Buy at BidaskClub					

Flowers Foods, Inc. (NYSE:FLO) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research					

Forestar Group Inc (NYSE:FOR) Rating Lowered to Sell at BidaskClub					

EP Energy Corporation (NYSE:EPE) Now Covered by Analysts at Bank of America Corporation					





 





						Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. Has $1.75 Million Stake in CA Inc. (CA)					

						 July 22nd, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Trevor Kearing 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. increased its stake in  CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) by 509.0% during the second quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  owned 50,890 shares of the technology company’s stock after buying an additional 42,533 shares during the period. Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V.’s holdings in CA were worth $1,754,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Several other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Country Club Trust Company n.a. raised its stake in  CA by 1.8% in the first quarter. Country Club Trust Company n.a. now owns 300,164 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $9,521,000 after buying an additional 5,361 shares during the period.  First National Bank of Mount Dora Trust Investment Services raised its stake in  CA by 18.2% in the first quarter. First National Bank of Mount Dora Trust Investment Services now owns 62,163 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $1,972,000 after buying an additional 9,575 shares during the period.  Creative Planning raised its stake in  CA by 43.9% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 5,989 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $190,000 after buying an additional 1,828 shares during the period.  Hefty Wealth Partners raised its stake in  CA by 5,080.4% in the first quarter. Hefty Wealth Partners now owns 5,284 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $167,000 after buying an additional 5,182 shares during the period.  Finally, Manning & Napier Advisors LLC raised its stake in  CA by 9.6% in the first quarter. Manning & Napier Advisors LLC now owns 81,859 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $2,595,000 after buying an additional 7,188 shares during the period. 70.62% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 
CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) opened at 34.42 on Friday. CA Inc. has a 52-week low of $30.01 and a 52-week high of $36.54. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $33.50 and a 200 day moving average price of $32.46. The company has a market capitalization of $14.38 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.61 and a beta of 0.87. 




CA (NASDAQ:CA) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 11th. The technology company reported $0.54 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.49 by $0.05. CA had a return on equity of 17.15% and a net margin of 19.20%. The firm had revenue of $1.01 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $996.59 million. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $0.60 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up .3% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, analysts predict that  CA Inc. will post $2.38 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
WARNING: This report was first  published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this report can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/22/mn-services-vermogensbeheer-b-v-has-1-75-million-stake-in-ca-inc-ca.html. 
Several analysts have recently issued reports on the company. Raymond James Financial, Inc.  reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of CA in a report on Thursday, June 22nd. Citigroup Inc. raised their price objective on CA from $34.00 to $36.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, June 28th. Sanford C. Bernstein  reaffirmed an “underperform” rating and issued a $28.00 price objective on shares of CA in a research note on Wednesday, June 28th. Zacks Investment Research lowered CA from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, July 17th. Finally, BidaskClub lowered CA from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Saturday, July 1st. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned  a hold rating and five have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. The company  has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $35.10.
In other news, insider Ayman Sayed sold 30,194 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, June 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.62, for a total value of $1,075,510.28. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 168,455 shares in the company, valued at approximately $6,000,367.10. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. 0.90% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. 
About CA
CA, Inc (CA) is engaged in providing software solutions enabling customers to plan, develop, manage and secure applications and enterprise environments across distributed, cloud, mobile and mainframe platforms. The Company operates through three business segments: Mainframe Solutions, Enterprise Solutions and Services.






Receive News & Ratings for CA Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 




























































Our Team | Wealth Management Michigan | Blue Chip Partners












RJF Investor Access | Blue Chip Client Portal | Contact Us








Our Team - Contact Us





Robert K. Steinberg, JD, CPA, CFP®
Senior Advisor/CEO
Connected with Robert on Linked In


A 25-year veteran of the financial industry, Robert is an attorney (JD), Certified Public Accountant (CPA) and a Certified Financial Planner™ professional. His unique combination of legal, tax* and investment expertise enables Robert to effectively convey even the most complex financial strategies.
Robert began his career specializing in tax preparation and planning at Deloitte, then went on to practice as an estate planning attorney at Honigman, Miller, Schwartz and Cohn, LLP. In 1993, Robert started an independent advisory firm, which combined his finance, legal and tax background.
Robert graduated with a degree in accounting from Michigan State University and is an honors graduate of the University of Michigan Law School. He is a member of the Michigan Bar Association, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Financial Planning Association. Robert has been a frequent contributor to Michigan Lawyers Weekly on a variety of tax and estate planning issues.
Robert enjoys playing golf, attending sporting events and spending time with his wife and two daughters.





Daniel E. Seder, CFA, CFP®
Senior Advisor
Connect with Dan on Linked In


Dan has been active in the financial services industry for over fifteen years. He is a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) and a Certified Financial Planner™ practitioner. Dan specializes in addressing the unique needs of corporate executives. This includes demystifying complex  compensation  packages, maximizing  executive  benefit  platforms  and  integrating  equity  grants  into  a  financial  plan.  In addition, Dan addresses the challenges associated with holding a concentrated position in company stock.  Dan is an active member of the investment committee at Blue Chip Partners, Inc.
Dan graduated with a B.A. from the University of Michigan, where he was a four-year member of the varsity wrestling team.  Dan is a member of CFA Institute, a board member of the CFA Society of Detroit and has served as an instructor for the StaIla CFA Exam review program.
Dan enjoys golfing, eating sushi and bird hunting. He has completed five full marathons. Dan, his wife and son reside in Novi.






Scott Foret
Chief Operating Officer, Chief Compliance Officer 


Scott began his career with MetLife in Detroit as an actuarial analyst supporting General Motors and translated those skills to Hewitt Associates (now AON/Hewitt) where he served as a manager/director of outsourced benefits delivery to several Fortune 100 corporations, leading teams upwards of 80 people. Scott brought his operational skills, compliance mindset, and employee leadership into the financial industry as the Chief Operating Officer (COO) and Chief Compliance Officer (CCO) of a nationally-recognized RIA in Birmingham, Michigan. In this capacity, Scott helped to enable the firm’s growth from $400 million to $1.6 billion in assets under advisement/management. He translated these same skills to an large, Ohio-based advisory firm, where he led the launch of a separate asset management RIA offering advisory services to over 250 advisors. In this capacity, he oversaw the development and implementation of new procedures and processes to maximize growth, scalability and efficiencies. Scott utilizes his leadership and deep operational mindset to promote the growth of Blue Chip Partners as our Chief Operating Officer and Chief Compliance Officer. Scott holds a Series 65 license.
Scott earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Statistics from the University of Michigan and a Masters of Business Administration from the University of Otago in New Zealand, where he studied as a recipient of the Rotary Foundation Ambassadorial Scholarship. He currently resides in Beverly Hills, Michigan with his wife and their three children. A man of a thousand hobbies and avid outdoorsman, Scott focuses most of his free time playing tennis, finding his golf balls after errant tee shots, taking overexposed pictures, and moonlighting as a travel soccer chauffeur for his children.





Matthew Mondoux, CFA, CFP®, CMT®
Advisor 


Matt began his career in the financial service industry in 2010 as a Junior Research Analyst at a boutique money management firm. In short order, he worked his way up to Investment Strategist, helping to manage assets across five portfolio strategies. His passion for the industry has earned him the right to use the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA), Certified Financial Planner™ (CFP®) and Chartered Market Technician (CMT®) designations. Matt is driven by building sound relationships with clients.
Matt graduated with a B.A. in Finance with a specialization in Environment Studies in 2009 from Michigan State University. He is a member of both the CFA Institute and the Market Technicians Association.
Matt enjoys getting outdoors to golf and hike, along with spending quality time with family and friends. 





Cynthia Steinberg
Office Manager 


Cynthia has worked in the financial services industry for over 25+ years. She holds her Series 7 and Series 63 securities licenses.
Blue Chip Partners functions much like a family, and Cynthia Steinberg, Robert’s wife of 25+ years, is one of its most valuable members. From servicing clients, providing IT support and facilitating building management, Cynthia’s duties at the firm are as varied as the Michigan weather.
Cynthia graduated from Walsh College where she majored in marketing. She and Robert currently live in Northville and enjoy keeping the college rivalry going with their daughters (a University of Michigan-Wolverine alum in Austin, TX and a Michigan State Spartan freshman).





Elizabeth Kelly
Operations Manager, Compliance Manager 


Beth joined the Blue Chip Partners’ team in January 2008. She has over 30 years of financial services industry experience, including 12 years with an institutional consulting firm. Her past positions include chief compliance officer, operations manager and investment analyst.
Beth is Operations Manager with Blue Chip Partners and oversees integration of the firm’s technology systems with client service and investment management activities. Beth’s institutional background was invaluable when we implemented Tamarac, a state of the art rebalancing and trading software. She is a member of the firm’s investment committee and is actively involved in our compliance program.
Beth is a graduate of Michigan State University with a Bachelor of Arts from Justin Morrill College. She currently lives in Pleasant Lake, Indiana and has three children and two grandchildren. In her spare time she is an avid gardener and equestrian.





Robbin Love
Client Services Specialist 


Robbin joined our team in 1997 and has been providing unparalleled client service ever since. Her passion for getting to know clients personally is only exceeded by her outstanding attention to detail.  Robbin is instrumental in our client reporting process as well as actively involved with our corporate accounting.
Robbin has worked in the financial services industry for over 25+ years. She holds a Series 7 and 63 securities license.
A graduate of Wayne State University, Robbin majored in financial markets and investments. She is active in her church and enjoys traveling with her family.





Elizabeth Fabien
Client Services Specialist 


Liz joined Blue Chip Partners in September 2012. She had been a long-time client, and Robert had always been impressed with her interest in financial matters, attention to detail and insightful questions that arose during client reviews. When Liz mentioned the possibility of returning to the workforce, Robert asked the Blue Chip team about the possibility of adding Liz; everyone agreed she would be an excellent fit. Prior to making the difficult decision to put her career on hold and raise a family, Liz’s work experience included time spent at Hughes Aircraft. Her professional roles included technical writing, financial account processing, purchasing and training.
As a client service specialist, Liz's primary role is to provide highly responsive client service. Liz has a BA from the University of Michigan-Dearborn and an MBA from Lawrence Technological University. Liz and her husband, Mark, have three children. In her spare time, Liz enjoys traveling, scrapbooking and working on home improvement projects.





Danielle Titus
Client Services Specialist 


Danielle Titus joined the Blue Chip Partners team in November 2015 in the role of Client Services Specialist.  Danielle has a BS in Business and Communication from Aquinas College in Grand Rapids, MI.  She also holds her Series 7 and 63 securities licenses. Prior to joining Blue Chip Partners, Danielle worked for Raymond James in Retirement Plan Services, Client Services, Branch Services, & Concierge Services since 2006. Danielle and her husband Dan have two beautiful children. Danielle enjoys baking, travelling, and spending time with her children.





Laura Polando
Administrative Assistant 


Laura Polando joined the Blue Chip Partners team in December, 2014, in the role of Administrative Assistant.  Laura holds a BBA from Eastern Michigan University with a major in Accounting. She brings to the table 15 years of experience from diverse office settings. We are counting on Laura's organizational skills and attention to detail as she assumes responsibility for client service requests, clerical functions and application of software.
Laura is very active in a variety of ministries within her church. In her spare time, Laura likes to read, dance, and exercise. But her favorite activity is spending time with her son, a magistrate in Indiana, and her three daughters who are pursuing careers here in Michigan. 






Daniel McNamara
Client Development 


Dan joined Blue Chip Partners after spending 36 years in the pharmaceutical industry with Bristol-Myers Squibb. Dan held a variety of positions in sales and account management at this Fortune 500 Company.
Dan holds a Series 65 (Uniform Investment Adviser Law) license. His role at Blue Chip Partners is to assist with new business development.
Dan attended Ferris State University where he received a BS degree in Advertising and was a member of the Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity. Dan enjoys playing golfing with friends, music, attending sporting events (especially Red Wing games), and spending time with his wife Sue and their adult children Jill and Ryan.
Dan McNamara is an independent contractor for Blue Chip Partners, Inc.


Please note, changes in tax laws or regulations may occur at any time and could substantially impact your situation.
Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards Inc. owns the certification marks CFP®, Certified Financial Planner™, CFP® (with plaque design) and CFP® (with flame design) in the U.S., which it awards to individuals who successfully complete CFP Board’s initial and ongoing certification requirements.



Our Team
Expectations
Credentials
FAQ
Open Opportunities




















	Blue Chip Partners, Inc.


















Investor Access   |   Contact Us




























 













 
                                       Click to meet the Blue Chip Partners' Team




 


 






Robert K. SteinbergJD, CPA, CFP®
 Connected with Robert on Linked In 

A 25-year veteran of the financial industry, Robert is an attorney (JD), Certified Public Accountant (CPA) and a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ (CFP®). His unique combination of legal, tax and investment expertise enables Robert to effectively convey even the most complex financial strategies.
Robert began his career specializing in tax preparation and planning at Deloitte, then went on to practice as an estate planning attorney at Honigman, Miller, Schwartz and Cohn, LLP. In 1993, Robert started an independent advisory firm, which combined his finance, legal and tax background.
Robert graduated with a degree in accounting from Michigan State University and is an honors graduate of the University of Michigan Law School. He is a member of the Michigan Bar Association, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Financial Planning Association. Robert has been a frequent contributor to Michigan Lawyers Weekly on a variety of tax and estate planning issues. He currently sits on the board of directors of Walnut Creek Country Club.
Robert enjoys playing golf, attending sporting events and spending time with his wife and two daughters.





Daniel E. SederCFA, CFP®
 Connected with Dan on Linked In 

Dan has been active in the financial services industry for over 10 years. He is a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) and a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ (CFP®). Dan specializes in advising corporate executives on stock option strategies, hedging highly concentrated stock positions and proactively managing investment portfolios.
Dan graduated with a B.A. from the University of Michigan where he was a four year member of the University of Michigan wrestling team.
Dan is a member of the CFA Institute, a board member of the CFA Society of Detroit and has served as an instructor for the Stalla CFA Exam review program.
Dan enjoys golfing, eating sushi and hunting. While Dan says he doesn’t enjoy running, he recently completed his fifth marathon (Detroit Free Press Marathon in 2009 & 2010, Mardi Gras Marathon in 2009, Boston Marathon in 2010 and the Chicago Marathon in 2012).





Elizabeth KellyClient Services Specialist

Beth joined the Blue Chip Partner’s team in January 2008. Beth brought over 20 years of financial services industry experience, having spent the last 12 years with an institutional investment consulting firm. Her past positions include serving as a Chief Compliance Officer, Operations Manager and Investment Analyst.
As a passionate member of Blue Chip Partner’s Investment Committee, Beth is actively involved in all facets of our investment process. Beth’s institutional background was invaluable in 2010 when we implemented Tamarac, a state of the art rebalancing and trading software. Beth is actively involved in our compliance program and provides outstanding client service.
Beth is a graduate of Michigan State University with a Bachelor of Arts from Justin Morrill College. She currently lives in Milford and has three children. In her spare time she is an avid equestrian. 





Robbin LoveClient Services Specialist

Robbin joined our team in 1997 and has been providing unparalleled client service ever since. Her passion for getting to know clients personally is only exceeded by her outstanding attention to detail.
Robbin has worked in the financial services industry for over 20 years. She is a registered sales assistant of Raymond James Financial Services and holds her Series 7 and Series 63 securities licenses.
A graduate of Wayne State University, Robbin majored in Financial Markets and Investments. She is active in her church and enjoys traveling with her family. 





Rachael RussellClient Services Specialist


Rachael joined the Blue Chip Partners Team in September 2012. She is a 2008 graduate of Michigan State University where she was an outside hitter for MSU’s club volleyball team. 
Upon graduation, known for her big heart and sense of adventure, Rachael moved to Houston and started her working career as a house parent for a foster care organization. After returning to Michigan to get married, Rachael shifted her focus to the opposite end of the age spectrum, serving as a caregiver in a senior living community. While she enjoyed and valued her rewarding experiences as a caregiver, she recognized that she could continue to help others and pursue a more intellectually challenging career path. Rachael began a new position in sales where she called on Blue Chip Partners. Everyone was impressed with her outgoing, upbeat personality, and we convinced her to join our team. 
As a Client Services Specialist, Rachael’s role at Blue Chip Partners is to make sure that clients receive outstanding service and proactive communication.
A competitive spirit by nature, Rachael looks forward to the new challenges presented by the Financial Services industry. Rachael and her husband, Ryan, serve together as student ministry leaders at their church. Rachael also enjoys coaching and participating in local volleyball leagues. 





Cynthia SteinbergOffice Manager 

Cynthia has worked in the financial services industry for over 20 years. She holds her Series 7 and Series 63 Securities Licenses.
Blue Chip Partners functions much like a family, and Cynthia Steinberg, Robert’s wife of 20 years, is one of its most valuable members. From servicing retirement plan clients to making sure the office runs efficiently, Cynthia’s duties at the firm are as varied as the Michigan weather.
Cynthia graduated from Walsh College where she majored in Marketing. She and Robert currently live in Northville with their two daughters. Cynthia is an active member at her church and her daughters’ schools.





Elizabeth FabienClient Services Specialist


Liz joined Blue Chip Partners in September 2012. A long-time client, Robert had always been impressed with Liz’s interest in financial matters, attention to detail and insightful questions that arose during client reviews. When Liz mentioned the possibility of returning to the workforce, Robert asked the Blue Chip Team about the possibility of adding Liz; everyone agreed she would be an excellent fit. Prior to making the difficult decision to put her career on hold and raise a family, Liz’s work experience included time spent at Hughes Aircraft. Her professional roles included technical writing, financial account processing, purchasing and training. 
As a Client Services Specialist, Liz’s primary role is to provide highly responsive client service. Liz has a BA from the University of Michigan-Dearborn and an MBA from Lawrence Technological University. Liz and her husband Mark have three children:  a son who recently graduated from the Naval Academy and is currently serving our Country, a son who is a junior at the University of Michigan and a daughter who is a senior at Mercy High School. In her spare time, Liz enjoys traveling, scrapbooking and working on home improvement projects.

Blue Chip Partners Team
Advisors
Robert K. Steinberg, JD, CPA, CFP®rsteinberg@bluechippartners.com
Daniel E. Seder, CFA, CFP®dseder@bluechippartners.com

Support Team
Cynthia Steinberg, Office Managercsteinberg@bluechippartners.com
Elizabeth Kelly, Client Services Specialistekelly@bluechippartners.com
Robbin Love, Client Services Specialistrlove@bluechippartners.com
Elizabeth Fabien, Client Services Specialistefabien@bluechippartners.comRachael Russell, Client Services Specialist rrussell@bluechippartners.com
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 



























© 2011 Blue Chip Partners, Inc.          All Rights Reserved           An Independent Firm          37525 Enterprise Court, Farmington Hills, MI 48331           Phone: 248.848.1111




In case of emergency closure, contact Raymond James Client Services: 800-647-7378
Raymond James Privacy Notice

  Securities offered through: Raymond James Financial Services, Inc., Member FINRA/SIPC.
  Raymond James financial advisors may only conduct business with residents of the states for which they are properly registered. Therefore, a response to a request for information may be delayed. Please note that not all of the investments and services mentioned are available in every state. Investors outside of the United States are subject to securities and tax regulations within their applicable jurisdictions that are not addressed on this site. Contact your local Raymond James office for information and availability.
















Blue Chip Partners Inc in New York, NY 10016 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» New York
» New York
» Portfolio Management & Investment Services
» Blue Chip Partners Inc













Blue Chip Partners Inc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





192 Lexington Ave  New York, New York 10016


(212) 661-0400


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Blue Chip Partners Inc is located at the address 192 Lexington Ave in New York, New York 10016.  They can be contacted via phone at (212) 661-0400 for pricing, hours and directions.  Blue Chip Partners Inc has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .Blue Chip Partners Inc provides Charitable Giving, Online Services, Individual Services to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Blue Chip Partners Inc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Blue Chip Partners Inc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Mortgage Investments
, Agency Bonds
, Individual Policies
, Municipal Bonds
, Corporate Bonds
, Real Estate Mutual Funds
, Government Securities
, Short-Term Policies
, Treasury Bonds
, Loans



SERVICES


Charitable Giving
, Family Wealth Planning
, Individual Services
, Banking
, Business Banking
, Financial Services
, Cash Management
, Commercial Services
, Online Services
, Brokerage Services



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (212) 661-0400
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 1
Exact Sales Volume: 180000
Location Type: Headquarters
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


Portfolio Management & Investment Services
Finance
Investments & Securities



People Also Viewed


Pelican Bay Asset Management


175 Riverside Dr Apt 8K Apt 8K New York, New York 10024




CABOT INVESTMENT PROPERTIES


45 Rockefeller Plz  New York, New York 10111




IRG


11 Stone st Fl 3 3 Fl New York, New York 10004




FORDHAM FINANCIAL


14 Wall St 1802 Ste New York, New York 10005




Pinnacle Investment Partners LP


40 Wall St  New York, New York 10005




STANDARD & POOR'S


55 Water St Conc2 Ste New York, New York 10041





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM










﻿





























First National Trust Co. Decreases Stake in Emerson Electric Company (EMR) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Emerson Electric Company

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Emerson Electric Company with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Great Lakes Advisors LLC Has $567,000 Position in Dow Chemical Company (The) (NYSE:DOW)
First National Trust Co. Decreases Stake in Emerson Electric Company (EMR)
Independent Advisor Alliance Buys 808 Shares of Dow Chemical Company (The) (DOW)
Ingalls & Snyder LLC Sells 386 Shares of Kimberly-Clark Corporation (NYSE:KMB)
Nordic American Tankers Limited (NYSE:NAT) Downgraded to “Underperform” at Evercore ISI
Citigroup Inc. Downgrades Occidental Petroleum Corporation (NYSE:OXY) to Sell
Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust (NYSE:PEI) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research
Alio Gold Inc (ALO) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research
Anadarko Petroleum Corporation (APC) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research
Ardmore Shipping Corporation (ASC) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research
American Renal Associates Holdings, Inc (ARA) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research
Amphenol Corporation (APH) Upgraded to “Buy” by BidaskClub
AMTEK, Inc. (AME) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB publ Reduces Stake in Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU)
Russell Investments Group Ltd. Has $207,000 Position in SM Energy Company (SM)
Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Boosts Stake in Progenics Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:PGNX)
U.S. Bancorp (NYSE:USB) Shares Sold by Carret Asset Management LLC
Nicholas Hoffman & Company LLC. Purchases 5,520 Shares of ConocoPhillips (COP)
Zacks Investment Research Lowers Northern Oil & Gas, Inc. (NOG) to Sell
Dorchester Minerals, L.P. (DMLP) COO Acquires $48,055.84 in Stock







First National Trust Co. Decreases Stake in Emerson Electric Company (EMR)


					Posted by Chloe McGuire on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments




First National Trust Co. decreased its stake in  Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR) by 13.5% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 47,113 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 7,327 shares during the period. First National Trust Co.’s holdings in Emerson Electric were worth $2,820,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Other large investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. Renaissance Investment Group LLC raised its stake in  Emerson Electric by 0.4% in the first quarter. Renaissance Investment Group LLC now owns 7,972 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $477,000 after buying an additional 30 shares during the last quarter.  CAPROCK Group Inc. raised its stake in  Emerson Electric by 0.8% in the first quarter. CAPROCK Group Inc. now owns 4,689 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $281,000 after buying an additional 37 shares during the last quarter.  Cadence Bank NA raised its stake in  Emerson Electric by 0.3% in the first quarter. Cadence Bank NA now owns 12,322 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $738,000 after buying an additional 37 shares during the last quarter.  Lourd Capital LLC raised its stake in  Emerson Electric by 0.4% in the first quarter. Lourd Capital LLC now owns 9,242 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $553,000 after buying an additional 40 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Howland Capital Management LLC raised its stake in  Emerson Electric by 0.4% in the first quarter. Howland Capital Management LLC now owns 15,982 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $957,000 after buying an additional 66 shares during the last quarter. 68.88% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get Emerson Electric Company alerts:



Emerson Electric Company (NYSE EMR) opened at 60.04 on Monday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $59.68 and its 200 day moving average is $59.54. The stock has a market capitalization of $38.69 billion, a PE ratio of 25.65 and a beta of 1.20. Emerson Electric Company has a 12-month low of $49.22 and a 12-month high of $64.36. 





Emerson Electric (NYSE:EMR) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The industrial products company reported $0.58 EPS for the quarter, meeting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.58. The firm had revenue of $3.57 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $3.49 billion. Emerson Electric had a net margin of 8.72% and a return on equity of 23.37%. Emerson Electric’s revenue was down .1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.57 EPS.  Equities analysts anticipate that  Emerson Electric Company will post $2.60 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “First National Trust Co. Decreases Stake in Emerson Electric Company (EMR)” was first  published by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright laws. The legal version of this article can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/24/first-national-trust-co-decreases-stake-in-emerson-electric-company-emr.html. 
Several equities research analysts recently commented on the stock. Cowen and Company  reissued a “hold” rating and set a $62.00 price objective on shares of Emerson Electric in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. Stifel Nicolaus  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $67.00 price objective (up previously from $65.00) on shares of Emerson Electric in a research note on Monday, May 15th. Royal Bank Of Canada  reissued a “hold” rating and set a $62.00 price objective on shares of Emerson Electric in a research note on Tuesday, June 6th. TheStreet raised shares of Emerson Electric from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a research note on Thursday, May 4th. Finally, Morgan Stanley  reissued an “overweight” rating on shares of Emerson Electric in a research note on Tuesday, July 11th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have assigned  a hold rating and three have issued  a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $56.96.
Emerson Electric Company Profile
Emerson Electric Co is a diversified global manufacturing company, which provides solutions to customers by bringing technology and engineering together in the industrial, commercial and consumer markets around the world. The Company operates through four segments based on the nature of the products and services rendered: Process Management, Industrial Automation, Climate Technologies and Commercial & Residential Solutions.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EMR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR).







Receive News & Ratings for Emerson Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Emerson Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 


















































Carl Domino Inc Raises Stake in CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) | Daily Political










































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















CA Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Carl Domino Inc Raises Stake in CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA)					

Carl Domino Inc Decreases Stake in Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (SIRI)					

Carl Domino Inc Sells 3,000 Shares of Masco Corporation (MAS)					

Carbonite, Inc. (NASDAQ:CARB) Stake Maintained by Carl Domino Inc					

Eagle Materials Inc (NYSE:EXP) Position Maintained by Carl Domino Inc					

Berkshire Asset Management LLC PA Boosts Position in TE Connectivity Ltd. (TEL)					

Medidata Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:MDSO) to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.82 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts					

Boenning Scattergood Analysts Raise Earnings Estimates for Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. (SASR)					

Quaint Oak Bancorp Inc (QNTO) Announces  Earnings Results					

Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation (NYSE:WAB) Releases Quarterly  Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.14 EPS					

AMEC Foster Wheeler plc American Depositary Shares (NASDAQ:AMFW) Receives News Sentiment Score of 0.23					

Chemical Financial Corporation (CHFC) Announces  Earnings Results					

Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Verifone Systems (NYSE:PAY) Stock Price					

Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Allscripts Healthcare Solutions (MDRX) Share Price					

Globalstar (GSAT) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of 0.19					

Axiom Securities Reiterates “Sell” Rating for United States Steel Corporation (X)					

TRI Pointe Group (NYSE:TPH) Earning Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows					

VALE S.A. (NYSE:VALE) Downgraded to “Buy” at BidaskClub					

BidaskClub Lowers Unisys Corporation (UIS) to Hold					

Western Alliance Bancorporation’s (WAL) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC					





 





						Carl Domino Inc Raises Stake in CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA)					

						 July 26th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Jeff Wilder 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Carl Domino Inc boosted its position in  CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) by 1.0% during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor  owned 33,596 shares of the technology company’s stock after buying an additional 340 shares during the period. Carl Domino Inc’s holdings in CA were worth $1,158,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
A number of other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in CA. FMR LLC increased its position in  CA by 0.5% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 119,299 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $3,790,000 after buying an additional 621 shares in the last quarter.  Quadrature Capital Ltd purchased a new position in  CA during the fourth quarter worth approximately $502,000.  UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its position in  CA by 6.3% in the fourth quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 2,090,277 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $66,407,000 after buying an additional 123,497 shares in the last quarter.  Kentucky Retirement Systems purchased a new position in  CA during the fourth quarter worth approximately $722,000.  Finally, Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund purchased a new position in  CA during the fourth quarter worth approximately $322,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  70.74% of the company’s stock. 
CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) traded down 1.08% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $34.65. The stock had a trading volume of 579,386 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $14.48 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.73 and a beta of 0.87. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $33.64 and a 200-day moving average price of $32.49. CA Inc. has a 1-year low of $30.01 and a 1-year high of $36.54. 




CA (NASDAQ:CA) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, May 11th. The technology company reported $0.54 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.49 by $0.05. The business had revenue of $1.01 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $996.59 million. CA had a return on equity of 17.15% and a net margin of 19.20%. The firm’s revenue was up .3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.60 EPS.  On average, equities research analysts anticipate that  CA Inc. will post $2.38 earnings per share for the current year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Carl Domino Inc Raises Stake in CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA)” was first  posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/26/carl-domino-inc-raises-stake-in-ca-inc-nasdaqca.html. 
Several equities analysts have commented on the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded CA from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. DA Davidson downgraded CA from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday, April 10th. Piper Jaffray Companies increased their price target on CA from $42.00 to $45.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Monday, April 17th. Jefferies Group LLC  reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $38.00 price target on shares of CA in a report on Friday, April 28th. Finally, FIG Partners upgraded CA to an “outperform” rating and increased their price target for the company from $40.00 to $42.25 in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued  a hold rating and five have issued  a buy rating to the company. The stock  has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $35.10.
In related news, insider Ayman Sayed sold 30,194 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, June 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.62, for a total transaction of $1,075,510.28. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 168,455 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $6,000,367.10. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. 0.90% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. 
CA Company Profile
CA, Inc (CA) is engaged in providing software solutions enabling customers to plan, develop, manage and secure applications and enterprise environments across distributed, cloud, mobile and mainframe platforms. The Company operates through three business segments: Mainframe Solutions, Enterprise Solutions and Services.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA).






Receive News & Ratings for CA Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 


























































Blue Chip Partners LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























blue chip partners llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Private Equity
Blue Chip Partners LLC operates as a venture capital firm. The Company invests in and helps complete the building and exiting process of already venture-backed companies in the digital media and data industries. Blue Chip Partners serves its clients in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

312 Walnut Street
Suite 1120
Cincinnati, OH 45202-4175
United States


Phone:
1-513-723-2300


Fax:
1-513-723-2306


Web url:
www.bcvc.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.

























Wealth Management Michigan | Blue Chip Partners | Farmington Hills, MI












RJF Investor Access | Blue Chip Client Portal | Contact Us








Why Blue Chip Partners?
Click on the link to learn more about Blue Chip.



Join the Blue Chip Team
Click on the link to learn more about open opportunities.






























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


