

Teledyne Technologies, Inc.











&nbsp Home &nbsp 
&nbsp Corporate Information &nbsp 
&nbsp Teledyne Companies &nbsp 

&nbsp News &nbsp 
&nbsp Investors















About Us 
 Did You Know

 Competitive Strengths

 Ethics and Values 

 Everywhereyoulook

Management Team
 Board of Directors

 Executive Profiles

Governance
 Governance Home

 Guidelines


 Board Meetings

 Contact

 Committee Matters

 Leadership

 Committees

    Audit

    Nominating &
      Governance

    Personnel &
      Compensation













Executive Profiles

George C. Bobb III
President - Teledyne Defense Interconnects and Teledyne Scientific & Imaging
Vice President - Contracts and Information Technology
Teledyne Technologies Incorporated



George C. Bobb III is the President of Teledyne Defense Interconnects and Teledyne Scientific & Imaging. Teledyne Defense Interconnects is comprised of several companies that supply a variety of sophisticated electronic components and subsystems for applications in the aerospace, defense, communications, satellite and industrial markets. Teledyne Scientific and Imaging (TS&I) is a high-technology enterprise with world-class research and development capabilities in imaging sensors, materials technology, electronics, and information science. TS&I performs research services for the U.S. Government and private sector companies, and manufactures and sells high value products that result from its research and development efforts. Mr. Bobb also serves as the Vice President of Contracts and Information Technology for Teledyne Technologies Incorporated. 
Prior to his current roles, Mr. Bobb served as Chief Compliance Officer, Vice President � Information Technology, and Deputy General Counsel for Litigation. Prior to that, he served as Associate General Counsel of Teledyne Technologies and General Counsel of two of Teledyne's four business segments. 
Prior to joining Teledyne, Mr. Bobb was the Deputy Chief of Staff of the National Security Division of the United States Department of Justice. During his tenure at the Department of Justice, he also served as Counsel for National Security Law and Policy. Before joining the Department of Justice, Mr. Bobb was an associate in a law firm in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Bobb holds a Bachelor of Science degree from the United States Coast Guard Academy and a law degree from the Yale Law School. As an active duty Coast Guard officer, he served as a Boarding Officer and Deck Watch Officer on the United States Coast Guard Cutter Vigilant, and then as Commanding Officer of the United States Coast Guard Cutter Marlin. Mr. Bobb subsequently served as a liaison for the Coast Guard to the United States House of Representatives.  
Mr. Bobb is the recipient of the United States Attorney General's Award for Excellence in Furthering the Interests of U.S. National Security, the Coast Guard Achievement Medal and the Coast Guard Commendation Medal. 
    
		



 










Home | 
Terms of Use | 
Careers | 
Search | 

Contact


Copyright © 2017 Teledyne Technologies Incorporated. All rights reserved. 
1049 Camino Dos Rios - Thousand Oaks, CA 91360 - 805-373-4545

Quote data provided by North American Quotations, Inc.
		









 

	
	George Bobb III










































































































It looks like your browser does not have JavaScript enabled. Please turn on JavaScript and try again.





























Custom-Page-Rich-Text-1​​​Management Team









Teledyne Technologies > About Us > Executive Profiles > George Bobb III















Board of DirectorsExecutive ProfilesCorporate Governance









Custom-Page-Rich-Text-2





Page Content​Executive ProfileGeorge C. Bobb IIIChief Compliance Officer​Vice President, Information TechnologyDeputy General Counsel - LitigationTeledyne Technologies Incorporated​​​​​George C. Bobb III is Chief Compliance Officer and Vice President, Information Technology of Teledyne Technologies Incorporated. Mr. Bobb also serves as Deputy General Counsel for Litigation. Teledyne Technologies is a leading provider of sophisticated instrumentation, digital imaging products and software, aerospace and defense electronics, and engineered systems.Prior to being named Chief Compliance Officer and Vice President, Information Technology, Mr. Bobb served as Associate General Counsel of Teledyne Technologies and General Counsel of two of Teledyne's four business segments. Prior to joining Teledyne, Mr. Bobb was the Deputy Chief of Staff of the National Security Division of the United States Department of Justice. During his tenure at the Department of Justice, he also served as Counsel for National Security Law and Policy. In those roles, he participated in the resolution of a broad range of legal matters related to the nation's counterterrorism and intelligence efforts and in the development of policies and legislation in those mission areas. Before joining the Department of Justice, Mr. Bobb was an associate in a law firm in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. His practice involved civil litigation in subject areas such as breach of contract, product liability, labor and employment, and intellectual property.Mr. Bobb holds a Bachelor of Science degree from the United States Coast Guard Academy and earned his law degree at the Yale Law School. As an active duty Coast Guard officer, he served as a Boarding Officer and Deck Watch Officer on the United States Coast Guard Cutter Vigilant, and then as Commanding Officer of the United States Coast Guard Cutter Marlin. Mr. Bobb subsequently served as a liaison for the Coast Guard to the United States House of Representatives.Mr. Bobb is the recipient of the United States Attorney General's Award for Excellence in Furthering the Interests of U.S. National Security, the Coast Guard Achievement Medal and the Coast Guard Commendation Medal.​​







Page Footer​​​​​​​Home​​​​​​​​Instrumentation​​​​​​​​Aerospace and Defense​​​​​​​​Engineered Systems​​​​​​​​Digital Imaging​
Investor Information​
SEC Filings
Annual Reports
Earnings Releases
Shareholder Information
Investor Presentations
Investor FAQ
About Us​
Board of Directors
Executive Profiles
News & Events
Teledyne Technologies Incorporated 1049 Camino Dos Rios, Thousand Oaks, CA 91360, USA 805.373.4545 
               
www.teledyne.com  © Teledyne Technologies Incorporated. All rights reserved. 

  





























    George Bobb | Teledyne Technologies Incorporated | ZoomInfo.com


TDY George C. Bobb Insider Trades for Teledyne Technologies Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Teledyne Technologies Inc.

                  NYSE: TDY
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Teledyne Technologies Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 26, 2017, 5:06 p.m.


TDY

/quotes/zigman/249352/composite


$
136.08




Change

-0.02
-0.01%

Volume
Volume 1,206
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/249352/composite
Previous close

$
			137.41
		


$
				136.10
			
Change

-1.31
-0.95%





Day low
Day high
$135.97
$138.11










52 week low
52 week high

            $101.90
        

            $138.74
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




George C. Bobb



Mr. George C. Bobb, III, is Vice President-Contracts, IT & Selected Operations at Teledyne Technologies, Inc. He received his undergraduate degree from US Coast Guard Academy and a graduate degree from Yale Law School.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





01/24/2017
878


 
Award at $123.03 per share.


108,020


11/15/2016
216


 
Disposition at $118.67 per share.


25,633


11/15/2016
2,450


 
Disposition at $118.03 per share.


289,174


11/15/2016
2,666


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $64.73 per share.


172,570


01/26/2016
1,255


 
Award at $83.27 per share.


104,503


02/17/2015
1,068


 
Award at $97.83 per share.


104,482


02/19/2014
2,166


 
Disposition at $95.15 per share.


206,095


02/19/2014
832


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $46.86 per share.


38,987


02/19/2014
1,334


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $64.73 per share.


86,349


01/21/2014
981


 
Award at $91.68 per share.


89,938


03/12/2013
834


 
Disposition at $76.07 per share.


63,443


03/12/2013
834


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $46.86 per share.


39,081


03/12/2013
666


 
Disposition at $75.99 per share.


50,610


03/12/2013
666


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $42.09 per share.


28,031


01/22/2013
1,267


 
Award at $66.25 per share.


83,938





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Dr. Robert  Mehrabian 
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Aldo  Pichelli 
Chief Operating Officer




Ms. Susan L. Main 
Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. George C. Bobb 
Vice President-Contracts, IT & Selected Operations




Ms. Melanie Susan Cibik 
Secretary, Chief Compliance Officer & Senior VP




Ms. Janice L. Hess 
President-Engineered Systems Segment




Mr. S. Paul Sassalos 
Associate General Counsel & Assistant Secretary




Mr. Jason  VanWees 
Senior VP-Strategy, Mergers & Acquisitions




Mr. Stephen F. Blackwood 
Treasurer & Vice President




Ms. Cynthia Y. Belak 
Principal Accounting Officer, VP & Controller




Mr. Jason W. Connell 
Vice President-Human Resources




Mr. Robert A. Malone 
Independent Director




Mr. Charles  Crocker 
Lead Independent Director




Dr. Wesley W. von Schack 
Independent Director




Mr. Kenneth C. Dahlberg 
Independent Director




Ms. Jane Cecile Sherburne 
Independent Director




Ms. Roxanne Schuh Austin 
Independent Director




Mr. Michael T. Smith 
Independent Director




Mr. Simon M. Lorne 
Independent Director




Mr. Paul David Miller 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




12:09 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:01a5 cities where people are making ridiculous money when they sell their homes
10:44pAmericans in this field have the highest rate of divorce by age 30
10:44pThese cash-strapped couples want total strangers to pay for their weddings
9:56pThis social network ranks as the worst for young people’s mental health (it’s not Facebook)
9:55pMove over, breathalyzers; ‘textalyzers’ could be used on drivers’ phones 
9:55pThis is the worst mistake people make at work
9:54pCities to move to if you want to work in tech — NOT including San Francisco
9:54pWhat Donald Trump’s battle of wills with Jeff Sessions teaches you about a difficult boss
9:50pWatch out for these surprise charges at the ER
9:49pThe open road or the open skies? Millennials choose the former...
9:48pHow an online wedding registry in my name appeared out of thin air
9:47pDon’t have a college degree? These are the industries with the best-paid jobs
9:46pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
9:46pHow to teach your kids to be better with money than you are
9:40pBack-to-school shopping goes mainstream with deals on eyewear, fitness apparel and kitchen appliances
9:39pSamsung posts record profits on back of strong Galaxy S8 sales
9:39pThe dark side of cruises
9:37pFor transgender Americans, workplace discrimination isn’t limited to the military
7:46pScaramucci on Washington back stabbers: ‘I’m more of a front-stabbing person’
7:43pFacebook keeps warning about growth, but growth doesn’t stop
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






















































    George Bobb | Teledyne Technologies Incorporated | ZoomInfo.com


Insider Trading - Bobb George C III - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Bobb George C III





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-11-15Sale
2016-11-157:12 pm
Teledyne Technologies Inc
TDY
Bobb George C IIIVP-IT, Deputy General Counsel
2,666
$118.1
$314,805
8,631(Direct)
View




Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-11-15Exercise
2016-11-157:12 pm
N/AN/A
Teledyne Technologies Inc
TDY
Bobb George C IIIVP-IT, Deputy General Counsel
2,666
$64.73
8,631(Direct)
View


2016-11-15Exercise
2016-11-157:12 pm
2013-04-252022-04-25
Teledyne Technologies Inc
TDY
Bobb George C IIIVP-IT, Deputy General Counsel
2,666
$64.73
8,631(Direct)
View


2016-01-26Option Award
2016-01-286:28 pm
N/AN/A
Teledyne Technologies Inc
TDY
Bobb George C IIIVP-IT, Chief Compliance
1,255
$83.27
10,000(Direct)
View


2016-01-26Option Award
2016-01-286:28 pm
2017-01-262026-01-26
Teledyne Technologies Inc
TDY
Bobb George C IIIVP-IT, Chief Compliance
10,000
$78.4
10,000(Direct)
View


2015-02-17Option Award
2015-02-1909:48 am
N/AN/A
Teledyne Technologies Inc
TDY
Bobb George C IIIVP-IT, Chief Compliance
1,068
$97.83
4,646(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Wed, 26 Jul 2017 23:09:15 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  











Bobb George C III Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      Bobb George C III
                    

•   THOUSAND OAKS, CA
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Bobb George C III is based out of Thousand Oaks.    WhaleWisdom has at least 4 insider transactions (Form 3,4,5) in our database for Bobb George C III. 
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from Bobb George C III, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




bobb george c iii


1039 CAMINO DOS RIOS

THOUSAND OAKS
CA
                                                        
                                                    91360


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      805-373-4545
SEC SIC CODE:3812-SEARCH, DETECTION, NAVAGATION, GUIDANCE, AERONAUTICAL SYS







Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 01/26/2017
4 filed on 11/15/2016
4 filed on 01/28/2016
4 filed on 02/19/2015
4 filed on 04/24/2014
4 filed on 02/20/2014
4 filed on 01/23/2014
4 filed on 03/13/2013
4 filed on 01/24/2013
3 filed on 09/04/2012
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free





















George C. Bobb III. Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer - PDF





























 Log in
Registration







Search for

















George C. Bobb III. Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer



































                                                        SHARE 




                                                        HTML 




                                                        DOWNLOAD 




































                                                            Size: px
                                                        

                                                            Start display at page:
                                                        










Download "George C. Bobb III. Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer"




                                                                Error: 




 Download Document









  Vivien Walker
 1 years ago                                                                                            
 Views:  











Transcription





1 2 ETHICS RESOURCES If you have questions regarding any matter discussed in this Code, you should contact your facility s Ethics Officer or one of the following: n George C. Bobb III Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer Teledyne Technologies Incorporated 1049 Camino Dos Rios Thousand Oaks, CA (805) n Melanie S. Cibik Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Teledyne Technologies Incorporated 1049 Camino Dos Rios Thousand Oaks, CA (805) n Cynthia Y. Belak Vice President of Business Risk Assurance Teledyne Technologies Incorporated 1049 Camino Dos Rios Thousand Oaks, CA (805) n You can find information for your individual company s Ethics Officer on Teledyne s Intranet in the Company Info tab under Ethics and Values. n Ethics Web Portal:  Ethics Hotline: (877) * International dialing instructions are available at  2 TDY Global Code of Ethical Business Conduct3 FROM THE OFFICE OF THE CHAIRMAN I want to take this opportunity to share my perspective on the standards for ethical business conduct that form the foundation of Teledyne s operations. Teledyne Technologies Incorporated has one standard of ethical business conduct and has an unwavering commitment to maintaining that standard. We will conduct our business in an ethical and proper manner at all times and in full compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and Company policies. Applying that standard in our daily business activities is essential to preserving our Company s reputation in the marketplace and its value to its shareholders. We each have a responsibility to maintain that standard and to be leaders in that regard. Dr. Robert Mehrabian This publication, the Teledyne Technologies Incorporated Global Code of Ethical Business Conduct, applies to every Teledyne director, officer and employee, wherever located. It provides the overarching principles that should guide your daily activities on behalf of Teledyne Technologies Incorporated. You have a responsibility to be familiar with this Code and consult it whenever necessary. You also have a responsibility to take action. If you become aware of a problem, if you are not sure what action is right in a particular situation, or if you think others within our Company are not following these guidelines, it is your job to promptly let us know. If, after reading this Code, you have questions or suggestions, I hope you will discuss them with your supervisor or anyone identified as an Ethics Resource on page 2. We want to help you make the right decisions. You should always feel free to call the Company s Chief Compliance Officer or the Ethics Hotline anytime you have a question or concern regarding ethical business practices. The toll free number for the Ethics Hotline is (877) , and international dialing instructions are available at  You also can submit ethics concerns or inquiries through the Internet at  A good reputation is difficult to earn, easy to lose and almost impossible to regain. We must not lose sight of this. Together we have what it takes to compete at the forefront of our chosen market segments. I am relying on your integrity and your continued dedication to help keep us there. Thank you for doing your part to maintain an ethical work environment. Robert Mehrabian Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer January 2013 TDY Global Code of Ethical Business Conduct 34 THE TELEDYNE WAY The following core values are the foundation of how we conduct our business. We consider these values to be fundamental to doing business the Teledyne Way. INTEGRITY We will conduct our business in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations and in accordance with the highest standards of ethics and honesty. We expect the same from our business partners and from those who represent the Teledyne brand. RESPECT We will treat our colleagues with respect and dignity and maintain a safe and fair work environment. RESPONSIBILITY We will strive to grow and protect Teledyne Technologies value by acting in the best interests of the corporation and its shareholders, without compromising our core values. CITIZENSHIP We care about the communities in which we work and about those who buy and use our products. 4 TDY Global Code of Ethical Business Conduct5 TABLE OF CONTENTS ETHICS RESOURCES...2 FROM THE OFFICE OF THE CHAIRMAN...3 THE TELEDYNE WAY...4 USING THIS CODE INTEGRITY Anti-corruption Antitrust and Unfair Competition Laws Government Contracts Accurate Technical Information International Trade Compliance Product Marketing...16 RESPECT Employment Practices Health and Safety Harassment, Threats and Violent Behavior...19 Drugs and Alcohol...20 RESPONSIBILITY Financial Reporting: Accounting, Auditing, Internal Controls and Disclosure Matters Accurate Business Records...22 Cooperation with Investigations...23 Protection of Property, Records and Information Use of the Company s Computers and Electronic Systems Insider Trading Conflicts of Interest Social Media...28 Responses to Inquiries Political and Charitable Activities...29 Approvals and Authorizations...29 CITIZENSHIP Environmental Responsibility Product Quality and Safety...31 Supplier Conduct...32 Intellectual Property...32 CERTIFICATION...33 TDY Global Code of Ethical Business Conduct 56 USING THIS CODE What is the purpose of this Code? This Global Code of Ethical Business Conduct is designed to guide your daily activities on behalf of Teledyne Technologies Incorporated, also referred to in this Code as the Company. It summarizes the standards required of all directors, officers and employees of Teledyne Technologies Incorporated, including its business units, subsidiaries and affiliates wherever located. For ease of reference, all Teledyne personnel are referred to as Teledyne employees throughout this Code. How does this Code relate to other Company guidance? This Code contains an overview of various topical areas. For additional information and detail, you should consult the applicable Company policies or procedures, many of which are referenced in this Code and available on the Company Intranet. If you have difficulty locating a policy or procedure, or if you have questions about the laws governing particular business activities, you should contact your supervisor; the designated Ethics Officer for your Teledyne company; Teledyne s Chief Compliance Officer, George Bobb at (805) ; or Teledyne s General Counsel, Melanie Cibik at (805) You also may submit questions to the Chief Compliance Officer at What are my responsibilities? All Teledyne employees are required to read, understand and follow this Code. No Teledyne employee may ask anyone to engage in activities that violate this Code. Upon request, all Teledyne employees are required to certify that they are familiar with this Code and that they are not aware of any violations of this Code. To the extent a violation of the Code has not been reported, employees are required to disclose such violations as part of the certification. What responsibilities do Teledyne executives, managers and supervisors have under this Code? In addition to adhering to all the requirements set forth in this Code, Teledyne executives, managers and supervisors have a special responsibility for ensuring that the principles outlined in this Code are followed and that the Company acts with the highest levels of integrity and ethics. Executives, managers and supervisors must: Never sacrifice the principles set forth in this Code in order to secure a business advantage Be role models and reflect the Code in their dealings with employees and third parties Ensure that this Code and the importance of ethical business standards are communicated to employees Ensure that employees understand and follow this Code Encourage employees to act in an ethical manner, to ask questions and to report potential violations of this Code Never retaliate against an employee who makes a good faith report of a suspected violation of this Code, Company policy or the law Immediately report any known or suspected violation of law, Company policy or this Code to Teledyne s Chief Compliance Officer or General Counsel. Teledyne executives, managers and supervisors who fail to report a known or suspected violation of law, Company policy or this Code will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment. 6 TDY Global Code of Ethical Business Conduct7 How should I approach a potential legal or ethics issue? You should first evaluate the situation by asking yourself these questions: Would this activity be lawful under the applicable laws and regulations? Would this activity be permitted by Company policy and this Code? Would this activity be consistent with the terms of any relevant contract? Would I be comfortable if others, such as my supervisor or family members, became aware of this activity? Is this activity consistent with our Company s commitment to act in an ethical and proper manner at all times? If you answer no to any of the above questions, you should not proceed with the activity. This Code cannot cover every situation you might face. You are expected to apply common sense and act in a manner consistent with applicable laws, Company policies and the general principles outlined in this Code. If you are not sure what conduct would be acceptable in a particular situation, you have a responsibility to consult the relevant Company policy or to seek guidance from your supervisor or one of the Ethics Resources listed on page 2. USING THIS CODE How is Teledyne s ethics organization structured? Teledyne has a Chief Compliance Officer who reports directly to the Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer on matters related to the Teledyne ethics and compliance programs. In addition, each Teledyne company has a designated Ethics Officer who is available to provide guidance on ethics matters. A list of Ethics Officers is available on Teledyne s Intranet. It is located in the Company Info tab under Ethics and Values. Am I required to report suspected violations of the Code? Yes. If you think others in our Company are not following these guidelines, you have a responsibility to immediately report it. How do I report violations of the law, Company policy or this Code? Reports should be made to the employee s supervisor, to the senior manager of the business unit for which the employee works or to the facility s designated Ethics Officer. Prompt reporting may allow the Company to avoid or mitigate damages related to the violation. In addition, certain types of violations are required by law to be reported; withholding knowledge of such violations may be illegal. The making of known false reports is unacceptable; is subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment; and also may be unlawful. What if I am uncomfortable reporting the violation to local management at my Teledyne company? We have a strict policy prohibiting retaliation against any employee who makes a good faith report of an ethics matter. However, if an employee feels uncomfortable discussing his or her concerns with local management, the employee may: Contact one of the Ethics Resources listed on page 2 in confidence Make a report online at  Call the Ethics Hotline at (877) TDY Global Code of Ethical Business Conduct 78 USING THIS CODE Can I make an anonymous report? Yes. Teledyne recognizes there may be circumstances in which you are not comfortable reporting the issue. It is for such circumstances that Teledyne has partnered with EthicsPoint. Teledyne would rather you report anonymously than keep the information to yourself. EthicsPoint is a confidential reporting tool for employees to report potential violations of Teledyne s Global Code of Ethical Business Conduct, Company policy or the law. It is hosted by a third party and is available 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. Employees may make reports through EthicsPoint by phone or through the Internet. To report an issue by phone, call (877) To make a report online and for international dialing instructions, go to  Reports submitted by telephone are received by EthicsPoint representatives who then record the information on a secure server. EthicsPoint representatives have the capability to receive reports in English, Chinese, French, Dutch, Spanish and other languages. Internet reports are entered by employees directly on the EthicsPoint secure server. EthicsPoint makes these reports available only to Company personnel who are charged with evaluating and taking action on such reports. Can my report be kept confidential? Yes. If an employee provides his or her identity when making a report, the Company, to the extent permitted by law and consistent with fair and uniform enforcement of this Code, will endeavor to keep confidential the identity of anyone who reports a suspected violation in good faith. The Company will share the information received only with those who have a need to know. For example, in certain cases, the Company is required to disclose the information to a governmental entity or may choose to do so voluntarily. Likewise, the Company will endeavor to keep confidential the identity of any person against whom allegations are brought, unless it is determined that a violation has occurred. What happens after I report a violation of this Code, Company policy or the law? If an investigation is necessary, authorized Company employees will determine how to conduct such an investigation. Depending on the nature of the investigation, internal or external legal counsel may be involved. After the investigation is completed, authorized Company employees will determine what, if any, remedial action is necessary. Am I required to cooperate with internal investigations? Yes. All Teledyne employees have a responsibility to cooperate fully with internal investigations. Employees who fail to cooperate with or who obstruct these investigations, by acts of commission or omission, are subject to investigation which may result in disciplinary action to the fullest extent permitted by the Company policies and applicable laws. Are employees subject to retaliation for making reports of violations of this Code, Company policies or the law? No. Teledyne policy prohibits retaliating against anyone who makes a good faith report of a violation of this Code, Company policy or the law or who participates in the investigation of such a matter. A good faith report means that you believe the report to be true and you have disclosed everything you know about it. If you believe you have been subject to retaliation, you should report it immediately. Any Teledyne employee who engages in such retaliation is subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment. 8 TDY Global Code of Ethical Business Conduct9 What happens if I violate this Code, Company policy, or the law? The violation of this Code, Company policy or the law is a serious matter. The Company will take appropriate disciplinary action for such violations, up to and including termination of employment. In making disciplinary determinations, the Company will consider voluntary disclosures as a potentially mitigating factor. USING THIS CODE What should I do if a business advantage or opportunity can only be advanced by acting in a way that violates this Code, Company policy or the law? You should not pursue that business advantage or opportunity. Teledyne employees should, in all cases, act in a manner that complies with this Code, Company policy and the law. If you are ever in doubt regarding what action would be appropriate, seek guidance from your supervisor, the designated Ethics Officer for your Teledyne company or Teledyne s Chief Compliance Officer. Does this Code apply to me if I work for a Teledyne company located outside the United States? Yes. This Code applies to all Teledyne employees, wherever located. Employees located outside the United States also must be familiar with governing laws in the country in which they operate and seek guidance from Teledyne s General Counsel or Chief Compliance Officer, whenever necessary. How are potential violations of this Code which implicate executive officers investigated? The Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board of Directors will review and investigate any reported prohibited act by an executive officer of the Company. If the Nominating and Governance Committee determines that any such act represents a violation under this Code, then appropriate remedial or disciplinary action will be taken, which may include termination of employment. The Company will disclose any such violation, as well as the remedial or disciplinary action taken, to the extent required by applicable law. If the Nominating and Governance Committee determines that any such act represents a violation of this Code, but it does not believe that any remedial or disciplinary action is necessary or desirable (or if it agrees to waive compliance with a provision of this Code in that particular instance), then the Company shall promptly disclose the violation or waiver and the Committee s rationale for its decision to the appropriate legal authorities. The Nominating and Governance Committee also may amend its charter to make changes as Teledyne evolves. Can a provision of this Code be waived? This Code is intended to be general in scope, and, as with any general rule, there may be exceptions. The exceptions may sometimes derive from specific legal exemptions, but more often will result from a combination of seasoned judgment and consideration of all the pertinent facts. Accordingly, certain provisions of this Code may be waived in limited circumstances, upon approval of Teledyne s General Counsel or Chief Compliance Officer. Waiver requests related to officers or directors of the Company may be granted only by the Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board of Directors. Is this Code an employment contract? No. TDY Global Code of Ethical Business Conduct 910 INTEGRITY We will conduct our business in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations and with the highest standards of ethics and honesty. Each employee must comply with all laws and regulations that apply to our business operations in the location in which he or she works. Many of these laws are complex and some can affect our various business units differently. Because we are a global company, it is not possible to summarize in this Code how each law may apply to individual Teledyne companies. Therefore, when a question arises regarding laws that apply in a particular situation, employees should consult the relevant Teledyne policies or Teledyne s Chief Compliance Officer or General Counsel. Anti-corruption Teledyne has zero tolerance for any form of corruption, such as bribery, kickbacks, extortion or similar conduct, whether it involves government officials or private parties and whether it occurs inside or outside the United States. All Teledyne employees and others who act on behalf of Teledyne are strictly prohibited from engaging in such conduct. No Teledyne employee or representative will suffer adverse consequences for refusing to pay or receive bribes or engage in other forms of corruption, even if such refusal may result in Teledyne losing business. No one acting on Teledyne s behalf should ever pay a bribe or otherwise sacrifice compliance with the law to make a sale or achieve any other business gain. Dr. Robert Mehrabian Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Teledyne employees are responsible for understanding and complying with all applicable laws, regulations and Teledyne policies regarding anti-corruption. Those laws and regulations include, but are not limited to, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, Canada s Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act and Chinese anti-corruption laws. Gifts and Gratuities No Teledyne employee may provide to a third party, directly, indirectly or through an agent or representative, any gift or gratuity for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or securing an improper business advantage. Any gift or gratuity must not create the impression of seeking favored or preferential treatment. Examples of gifts and gratuities include: cash or cash equivalents, meals, drinks, lodging, entertainment, transportation, offers of employment, loans or other items of value. Meals and transportation extended by any Teledyne employee, or by any representative of Teledyne, to any commercial party shall be modest, in good taste and never extravagant. Teledyne employees may provide other gifts and gratuities to commercial parties provided that the gifts and gratuities are of modest value and are of the type customarily given to customers. Teledyne employees are prohibited from providing such benefits to United States or other government officials, except under very limited circumstances. 10 TDY Global Code of Ethical Business Conduct11 INTEGRITY The rules and regulations that apply to the offering of gifts and gratuities to government employees, officials, political parties, political candidates, public international organizations and representatives of the United States and other governments are very complex. Teledyne employees are expected to comply strictly with these laws and regulations. They must never offer a gift or gratuity if doing so would violate the law or reflect negatively on the Company s reputation. Prior to providing anything of value to a United States government official, Teledyne employees must first consult the Company s Government Contracting Guidelines and obtain approval, when required. Prior to providing anything of value to a foreign government official, political party or candidate, or public international organization, Teledyne employees must first consult the Company s anti-corruption policy and procedures and obtain approval, when required. If at any time you have a question as to whether or not a gift or gratuity you plan to offer is permitted under Teledyne s policies, you should refer to Teledyne s policies and contact Teledyne s Chief Compliance Officer for further guidance. Employees are encouraged to suggest ways to improve Teledyne s anti-corruption policies in order to enhance their effectiveness. Management of Sales Representatives, Distributors and Consultants From time to time, Teledyne engages sales representatives, distributors and consultants. Teledyne employees who interact with such service providers are responsible for ensuring that such entities and persons understand Teledyne s policies regarding ethics and anticorruption and that they act accordingly. Teledyne employees should take special care in selecting sales representatives, distributors, consultants and other business partners to ensure that such entities and individuals are committed to acting in an ethical manner. Teledyne employees also are required to follow the Company policies for retention of sales representatives, distributors and consultants. Teledyne policies include additional information and detail about anti-corruption laws. Any employee who has questions about applicable anti-corruption laws should refer to those policies or seek guidance from the Chief Compliance Officer. In addition to disciplinary action, violations of anti-corruption laws can lead to severe criminal and civil penalties for both the Company and the individuals involved in such conduct. TDY Global Code of Ethical Business Conduct 1112 INTEGRITY Any Teledyne employee who believes that an employee, sales representative, distributor, consultant, agent or anyone acting on behalf of Teledyne is participating in, facilitating, condoning or permitting any form of corruption, including, but not limited to, bribery, kickbacks, extortion, embezzlement or money laundering, must report such conduct promptly to the Teledyne s Chief Compliance Officer or General Counsel. SITUATION: Jason is the General Manager of a Teledyne company with international sales. After receiving the necessary corporate approvals under Teledyne s policy, his company entered into an agreement with Michael, a sales representative in France. During a visit to France, Jason meets with Michael to discuss upcoming sales opportunities with a government entity. Jason asks Michael whether he thinks his company will have a good chance of winning the competition to supply products to a new industrial site. Michael says, If you double my commission, it might give me enough wiggle room to win the project. Jason asks how doubling the commission would help. Michael says, Don t worry about the details. You double my commission and I can get the sale. RESPONSE: A sales representative asking for an increased commission in connection with a particular sale is a red flag, because the sales representative may be seeking funds he can use to bribe a procurement official. Another red flag is the sales representative being vague about why he wants an increased commission. Jason should tell the sales representative that he cannot increase the commission and should reiterate the Company s anti-corruption policies, which are set forth in Teledyne s Code of Conduct for Service Providers. Jason should report the discussion to the Chief Compliance Officer or the General Counsel, so that the Company can take appropriate action with respect to the sales representative. SITUATION: In the course of the performance of a contract, Jason has arranged for a training session to take place in his Teledyne company s home country for the benefit of certain designated customer representatives. Prior to the trip, one of the customer representatives asks to be checked into a prestigious hotel during her stay. RESPONSE: Hospitality payments, which can include lodging arrangements, that are unrelated to a legitimate business purpose or are extravagant are illegal under anti-corruption statutes in many jurisdictions. Jason should inform the sales representative of Teledyne s gift and hospitality policy, and he should report this demand to the Chief Compliance Officer or General Counsel. If appropriate, Jason can offer logistical support to arrange for the visit without paying any expenses. If Jason has any doubt as to whether complying with the request would violate Company policy or the law, he should immediately contact the Chief Compliance Officer for further guidance. Antitrust and Unfair Competition Laws Teledyne will conduct its business in a manner consistent with applicable antitrust and unfair competition laws, which are intended to promote free and open competition. Every Teledyne employee must be familiar with and comply with all applicable antitrust and unfair competition laws. To ensure compliance with antitrust and unfair competition laws, employees should avoid communications with Teledyne competitors, whenever possible. Such communications can create the perception of a conspiracy to commit antitrust violations, even when prohibited topics are not being discussed. Whenever possible, Teledyne employees should seek guidance from the Company s General Counsel before any meetings or discussions with competitors. In general, antitrust laws prohibit arrangements or agreements that restrict trade. Employees should not discuss with Teledyne competitors: Topics related to the manufacture, sale or distribution of products or services, including prices or related information, costs, profits, marketing, territories, terms of sale, production volume, sales territories, bidding strategies or other sensitive marketing information 12 TDY Global Code of Ethical Business Conduct13 Fixing prices, discounts or terms of sale Engaging in illegal reciprocal agreements (e.g., improperly using market dominance to enter into an arrangement in which you agree to buy a company s products only if they agree to buy your company s products in return). Employees should not discuss with Teledyne competitors or customers: Division of territories or markets Allocation of customers Boycotting customers or suppliers. Employees should not use discussions with customers as a way of providing information to competitors. The activities listed above are examples of conduct that is prohibited by antitrust and unfair competition laws. Other activities also may violate such laws, and employees who are engaged in negotiating business deals should become familiar with relevant laws to avoid such violations. Any employee who is unsure about antitrust and unfair competition laws should seek guidance from the Company s General Counsel. INTEGRITY Violations of antitrust and unfair competition laws may result in severe penalties for the Company and a prison term for persons involved. Violations of the law, this Code or Teledyne s policies related to antitrust or unfair competition also may result in disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment. SITUATION: Mark is responsible for the business development of his Teledyne company. While attending a trade show in New York, Mark is approached by Tom, his counterpart at a competitor. Tom remarks that it would be much less costly for each company if they could decide in advance who was going to bid on particular contracts. RESPONSE: Mark should tell Tom that the topic he raised is not appropriate for discussion between competitors. Mark should excuse himself from the conversation and contact Teledyne s General Counsel immediately. Government Contracts Teledyne is committed to the integrity of the government contracting process and to performing its government contracts in accordance with their terms and governing law. Every Teledyne employee involved with government contracting must be familiar with and must follow all laws related to the performance of government contracts. Employees also must ensure that their performance on government contracts is in compliance with the contract s terms and relevant laws. Teledyne will pursue, win and perform contracts with our government customers and their prime contractors using the same values, principles and practices we apply to our commercial business, while adhering to the unique requirements that apply when conducting business with governments around the world. Teledyne employees are responsible for ensuring that they and the Company: Comply with all laws, regulations and rules related to government contracts Comply with all terms of government contracts Provide accurate information to our government customers Properly handle and control classified and other controlled material Accurately record the time worked on government contracts Supply the products or services required by the contract Strictly comply with laws, regulations and rules related to the integrity of the government procurement process, including, but not limited to, rules related to giving gifts or gratuities to government employees. TDY Global Code of Ethical Business Conduct 1314 INTEGRITY Noncompliance with government contracts can lead to suspension and debarment, meaning the Company would be prohibited from future business with the government involved. In certain circumstances, criminal penalties also may apply to individuals who engage in prohibited activities. Any Teledyne employee with questions regarding the laws, regulations and rules related to government contracts should seek guidance from the Company s Chief Compliance Officer. For contracts with the United States Government, Teledyne employees also should consult the procedures in the Teledyne Technologies Government Contracting Guidelines. We need to be especially sensitive regarding our conduct with government employees. There are very stringent rules that prohibit those employees from accepting hospitalities, including meals that may otherwise be appropriate in a commercial setting. Company employees should check with their Ethics Officer or Segment Contracts Director to determine the relevant government regulations before offering any hospitality or gifts to government employees. SITUATION: Harry and Dawn are having dinner with a United States federal government agency program manager whose agency has purchased their company s products in the past and is likely to continue to do so. The bill for the meal is $100. Harry receives the bill and tells the government official that it s on the company. What should Dawn do? RESPONSE: Dawn should politely remind Harry that there are strict laws and Company policies regarding providing meals to government officials. Dawn should suggest that the government official pay for his own meal in order to avoid any violation of laws, regulations or rules related to government contracting. Accurate Technical Information Each Teledyne employee who is responsible for determining, recording or reporting technical information must ensure that it is accurate, thorough and straightforward. This requirement applies to all technical information, whether such information is used internally for managing the Company s operations or is provided to customers. Accurate technical information is essential to our business operations. Our Company invests in obtaining accurate technical information to help employees properly manufacture products and provide high-quality services. This information includes, for example, 14 TDY Global Code of Ethical Business Conduct15 information related to testing and inspection of the products we make. We also provide technical information to our customers. Each of us needs to ensure that our customers always receive accurate and useful technical information. No Teledyne employee shall record or report false, inapplicable, misleading or inaccurate technical data or condone such activities. All testing that is identified by Company procedures or documented in written agreements with customers must be performed to the full extent of our capability. If such testing cannot be performed, the customer must be informed of any and all divergences from expected or documented testing processes or procedures. All records must accurately match all test data and shall reflect actual measurements within the capability of the equipment and methods in use. International Trade Compliance With facilities in the United States and around the world, the Company is a global entity that deals regularly with companies, customers and suppliers in many countries. It is the responsibility of every employee to understand and follow all local laws regulating commerce in each country in which he or she may be involved in Teledyne business. The conduct of our business also involves significant volumes of exports and imports. Teledyne requires its employees to understand and comply with all applicable trade laws and regulations and Teledyne s policies on international trade compliance. INTEGRITY Any employee who suspects that false data was recorded or communicated to a customer or supplier is required to promptly report those concerns to Teledyne s Chief Compliance Officer, the General Counsel or the Ethics Hotline at (877) Recording or communicating false technical information may result in significant liabilities and severe penalties to the Company and may constitute criminal conduct by those involved. Teledyne employees involved in international trade are responsible for ensuring that they and the Company: Follow all applicable local laws regulating commerce Follow all applicable laws regarding international trade Follow all Teledyne policies and procedures related to export and import controls Obtain all required export and import licenses Obtain all required certificates of origin Maintain required documentation regarding international trade transactions in a manner that accurately and completely represents each transaction Do not export to any country or person when such exports are prohibited by applicable law Use screening processes to ensure adherence to laws related to prohibited country or prohibited person transactions Do not engage in or support boycotts of any person, group or country in violation of applicable antiboycott laws. Although the laws, regulations, procedures and processes may vary depending on where we do business, we must apply the same rigorous approach to reviewing international transactions in all our locations and with all levels of government in all countries. The foregoing list of compliance matters is not comprehensive and Teledyne employees involved in the export or import of goods must familiarize themselves with the applicable laws, regulations and Teledyne policies. The laws and rules that apply are complicated and depend on many factors, including the products or technology involved, the location of the relevant Teledyne company and the location of the party receiving the products or technology. More information about international trade compliance laws is included in the policies available on Teledyne s Intranet. Any employee who has questions regarding the international trade laws should seek guidance from the designated international trade compliance personnel for that employee s facility, the Teledyne Corporate International Trade Compliance Office or Teledyne s Chief Compliance Officer. In addition to disciplinary action, violations of applicable laws and regulations may result in severe penalties for the Company and result in penalties and prison terms for persons involved. Any employee who becomes aware of a potential violation of international trade compliance laws, regulations or Company policies must immediately contact the Chief Compliance Officer or the Teledyne Corporate International Trade Compliance Office. TDY Global Code of Ethical Business Conduct 1516 INTEGRITY SITUATION: It is the end of the quarter and Jane s supervisor instructs her to process a shipment to an international location. Jane checks with the company s export control administrator, who informs Jane that a required export license has not been obtained. Jane s supervisor tells her to ship the part anyway and to follow up on the export license next week. RESPONSE: Jane should refuse to ship the part and should immediately contact the Teledyne Corporate International Trade Compliance Office, the Chief Compliance Officer or the Ethics Hotline at (877) Product Marketing Teledyne will market its products and services accurately and in compliance with all relevant laws and regulations. Any Teledyne employee involved in marketing the Company s products and services shall ensure that all associated materials are accurate and do not omit important facts or otherwise mislead potential customers. In addition, no Teledyne employee shall unfairly criticize a competitor s products or services. It is essential to the Company s reputation that we market our products and services accurately. In addition to retaining the trust of our customers and other partners, there are various laws and regulations related to the accuracy of marketing products and services. Teledyne employees involved in marketing products and services are required to be familiar with such laws and to ensure that they and the Company comply with them. SITUATION: Sandy is developing marketing materials for her Teledyne company s new product that measures the presence of certain particles in the air. She thinks the phrase unmatched accuracy in measurements would be a great catch phrase for the product. In fact, one of the company s competitors has a similar product that has an equal level of accuracy. Juan, the Director of Engineering, learns of Sandy s marketing campaign. RESPONSE: Juan should tell Sandy to choose a new phrase, because the proposed phrase might mislead potential customers. 16 TDY Global Code of Ethical Business Conduct17 RESPECT We will treat our colleagues with respect and dignity, and we will maintain a safe and fair work environment. Teledyne takes pride in its diverse workforce and recognizes that its continuing success depends on the contributions of all its employees. We expect our employees to treat each other with dignity, respect and fairness. Our goal is to maintain a safe and hospitable work environment in which every employee is encouraged to contribute to the success of the Company. Supervisors have a special responsibility to ensure the existence of a positive work environment for all employees. Employment Practices The Company is committed to complying with all laws pertaining to employment practices, including all laws related to discrimination, privacy, immigration and wage and hour restrictions. Teledyne employees must respect and comply with the employment laws that apply to each of our locations. Teledyne employees must not use or facilitate forced labor or child labor. Teledyne employees must not engage in unlawful discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, gender, age, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status or disability. Teledyne is committed to a workplace free from discrimination, and the Company will not tolerate discriminatory conduct. Teledyne employees must safeguard confidential information regarding the Company s employees and only may disclose such information to others who have a legitimate business need for such information. Employees who handle such information also must ensure that they comply with relevant laws and regulations regarding the protection, disclosure and transmission of that information. TDY Global Code of Ethical Business Conduct 1718 RESPECT Consistent with relevant laws, Teledyne employees responsible for hiring must ensure that any individuals hired or retained by the Company meet any applicable residency and other work eligibility requirements. Teledyne employees responsible for setting working hours and wages must ensure that the Teledyne company at which they work complies with relevant laws when making these decisions. Health and Safety Teledyne is dedicated to the provision of a safe and healthy work environment. All Teledyne employees are required to follow workplace policies and procedures to ensure a safe work environment and to report immediately all unsafe working conditions or activities along with all injuries or accidents that occur in the workplace. The Company strives to maintain safe working conditions that meet or exceed the relevant standards for occupational health and safety. All employees are responsible for being familiar with and following the Company policies and procedures regarding occupational health and safety. Teledyne employees shall promptly report any unsafe conditions and any workplace injuries or accidents. Any employee with a concern about occupational health or safety or who becomes aware of a workplace injury or accident should notify his or her supervisor or the occupational health and safety representative for that facility. If the issue is not addressed, the employee should report it to the General Counsel, the Chief Compliance Officer or the Ethics Hotline at (877) Teledyne managers have a special obligation to ensure that the facilities they manage provide a safe and healthy work environment. They also have a special duty to encourage employees to report health or safety concerns and to encourage them to make recommendations for safety improvements. 18 TDY Global Code of Ethical Business Conduct19 SITUATION: Selena is a program manager at her Teledyne company. A renovation project is underway at the facility and an outside company has contract workers on-site. As she is walking down a hallway, she sees one of the contractors getting ready to work on an electrical outlet. One of the contractor s colleagues asks him if he turned off the breaker before beginning the work. The contractor replies that he does not have time to turn off the breaker, because he only has an hour to get the job done. RESPECT RESPONSE: Even though Selena is not responsible for the occupational health and safety program at her Teledyne company, she should take action. She should tell the contractor to wait before he performs any work. She should then contact her facility s occupational health and safety representative to address the situation. Harassment, Threats and Violent Behavior The Company is committed to providing a work environment that is free from harassment, threatening behavior and violence. The Company will not tolerate such conduct. Every employee has a responsibility to report such behavior. All employees are required to conduct themselves in a professional and respectful manner. No employee shall engage in any harassment, threatening behavior or violence in the workplace. Any harassment, threatening behavior or violence committed off Company premises but deemed to be work related also is prohibited. Inappropriate conduct toward another person that creates an intimidating, hostile or offensive work environment constitutes harassment. Harassing conduct can include physical actions, verbal remarks or messages. It can include, but is not limited to, sexual harassment. Sexual harassment includes unwelcome sexual advances, requests for sexual favors, or other verbal or physical conduct of a sexual nature. All forms of harassment can interfere with an employee s performance or adversely affect an employee s employment opportunities and may be unlawful under local laws. Any employee who observes, discovers or experiences harassment, threatening behavior or violence should immediately report it to the facility s Ethics Officer, the facility s Human Resources Administrator, the Chief Compliance Officer or the General Counsel. Such conduct also can be reported anonymously through the Ethics Hotline at (877) TDY Global Code of Ethical Business Conduct 1920 RESPECT Drugs and Alcohol Teledyne employees may not possess, distribute, use or be under the influence of illegal drugs while on Company property or time. Teledyne employees also may not be under the influence of alcohol or misuse over-the-counter medicine or prescription drugs while on Company property or time. To ensure a safe work environment, Teledyne seeks to maintain a workplace free from individuals whose decision-making capabilities are impaired by intoxicants. No Teledyne employee may possess, distribute, use or be under the influence of illegal drugs while on Company property or time. In addition, Teledyne employees may not be under the influence of alcohol or misuse over-the-counter medicine or prescription drugs while on Company property or time. Any use of illegal drugs or misuse of alcohol, over-the-counter medicine or prescription drugs, wherever conducted, that prevents an individual from performing his or her duties safely and satisfactorily shall be subject to investigation. Such conduct may result in disciplinary action, including termination of employment. Subject to relevant laws, Teledyne may use testing programs to detect illegal drug use and may consider illegal drug use in making decisions related to employee hiring, rehiring and retention. 20 TDY Global Code of Ethical Business Conduct21 RESPONSIBILITY We will strive to grow and to protect the Company s value by acting in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. Our shareholders own the Company. In everything we do, it is critical that we maintain their confidence and trust and advance their interests. As employees, we are committed to two overarching objectives: growing the value of the Company and protecting that value. Those goals should be pursued by always acting in the best interests of the Company and by following the principles set forth in this Code. That includes operating our businesses in a responsible and lawful manner in order to advance the interests of our shareholders. Financial Reporting: Accounting, Auditing, Internal Controls and Disclosure Matters It is the Company s policy to maintain accurate and complete financial records that meet the requirements of relevant laws, rules and regulations. Teledyne employees have an obligation to ensure the accuracy of such records and to report any instances of inaccurate records or suspected fraud. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act was enacted in the United States to protect investors by improving the accuracy and reliability of public companies disclosures (i.e., the financial reports that are routinely required by United States federal securities laws). The Company is committed to maintaining accurate and complete records, and Teledyne employees must ensure that our financial statements are timely and not misleading. All Company records must accurately reflect the true and complete nature of each transaction. The Company prohibits false or misleading entries in our records and adheres to generally accepted accunting principles. Because the shares of the Company are traded on a United States stock exchange, all Any employee having information concerning any unrecorded fund or asset or any prohibited act related to accounting, auditing, internal controls or disclosure matters must promptly report such matter to the Company s Sarbanes- Oxley Disclosure Committee or one of the Ethics Resources listed on page 2. TDY Global Code of Ethical Business Conduct 2122 RESPONSIBILITY employees are required to follow the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, regardless of the location at which they work. The Company s policy requires the following: No undisclosed or unrecorded fund or asset of the Company will be established for any purpose No false or misleading entries will be made in the books or records of the Company for any reason No employee will assist in any arrangement that results in any false or misleading entry No payment or expenditure of the Company will be made without requisite prior approval and supporting documentation No payment or expenditure will be made if any part of the payment or expenditure is to be used, directly or indirectly, for any purpose other than that expressly described by the supporting documentation. Teledyne maintains a Sarbanes-Oxley Disclosure Committee. Among its tasks, the Committee is intended to be used as an additional resource for employees to raise questions regarding accounting, auditing, internal controls and disclosure matters. Any employee with questions or concerns regarding such matters can contact the Ethics Hotline at (877) to communicate concerns to the Committee. The Committee also can be contacted in writing at: Teledyne Sarbanes-Oxley Disclosure Committee Teledyne Technologies Incorporated 1049 Camino Dos Rios Thousand Oaks, CA One important type of financial record is employee time charge reporting, which supports multiple functions in the Company such as payroll and direct billing to customers. On government contracts, incorrect billing based on false time charges can be a criminal offense. Each employee who is responsible for reporting time worked must accurately report his or her time with the proper charge numbers. SITUATION: Nora is the shipping manager for her Teledyne company. It is the last day of the quarter. She gets called to the office of one of the sales managers and is asked whether a particular shipment will be ready by the end of the day. Nora says that the shipment will not be ready. As she is leaving, Nora hears the sales manager tell his colleague not to worry about his quarterly bonus, because they ll just include this shipment on the list of shipments sent this month anyway. RESPONSE: Nora should report the situation to her supervisor, her company s Director of Finance, her facility s Ethics Officer, the General Counsel, the Chief Compliance Officer or the Ethics Hotline at (877) Falsifying documents can expose the Company and the persons involved to significant criminal penalties, including fines and imprisonment. No Teledyne employee shall engage in such conduct. Accurate Business Records It is the Company s policy to maintain accurate business records. Each employee shall ensure the accuracy of business records that he or she generates. Teledyne employees shall ensure that accurate information is recorded in Company business records. No Teledyne employee shall falsify a business record or condone such conduct. Any Teledyne employee who becomes aware of an incident of falsified records must report it to the Chief Compliance Officer, the General Counsel or the Ethics Hotline. 22 TDY Global Code of Ethical Business Conduct  View more














Similar documents





ETHICS. Code of Conduct for Service Providers



        ETHICS Code of Conduct for Service Providers ETHICS Code of Conduct for Service Providers This Code of Conduct for Service Providers contains the legal and ethical business practice standards that are    

        More information 




Helix Energy Solutions Group, Inc. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics



        Helix Energy Solutions Group, Inc. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Introduction This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics ( Code ) covers a wide range of business practices and procedures. It does not    

        More information 




1. Compliance with Laws, Rules and Regulations



        CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT - EXAMPLE INTRODUCTION This Code of Business Conduct covers a wide range of business practices and procedures. It does not cover every issue that may arise, but it sets out basic    

        More information 




Johnson Electric Group Code of Ethics and Business Conduct



        Johnson Electric Group Code of Ethics and Business Conduct Chairman s Message Johnson Electric strives to conduct its business with honesty and integrity, both within the Group and in dealing with business    

        More information 




ELEMENT FINANCIAL CORPORATION CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS



        APPENDIX I ELEMENT FINANCIAL CORPORATION CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS As of December 14, 2011 1. Introduction This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics ( Code ) has been adopted by our Board of Directors    

        More information 




Message from the Co-Chairmen and Chief Executive Officers



        Message from the Co-Chairmen and Chief Executive Officers As each of us works to meet individual and Company-wide business goals here at Torchmark, we must all ensure that the work we perform and the business    

        More information 




Supplier Code of Conduct



        Delta Air Lines Supplier Code of Conduct Delta Air Lines 3/11/13 [Type the author name] Table of Contents A Legal Compliance 2 B Labor and Human Rights 3 C Health and Safety 3 D Environment 3 E Supplier    

        More information 




BARRICK GOLD CORPORATION



        BARRICK GOLD CORPORATION Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Introduction Barrick s success is built on a foundation of personal and professional integrity and commitment to excellence. As a company and    

        More information 




Sanchez Energy Corporation. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics



        Sanchez Energy Corporation Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Introduction The Board of Directors (the Board ) of Sanchez Energy Corporation (the Company ) has adopted this Code of Business Conduct and    

        More information 




Our vision. A company where the best people want to work.



        Code of Conduct Our vision A company where the best people want to work. The world leader in chemical distribution, providing unparalleled connectivity between customers and suppliers. 2 Univar s guiding    

        More information 




Minerals Technologies Inc. Summary of Policies on Business Conduct



        Minerals Technologies Inc. Summary of Policies on Business Conduct Lawful and Ethical Behavior is Required at All Times This Summary of Policies on Business Conduct (this "Summary") provides an overview    

        More information 




QUMU CORPORATION CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS POLICY INTRODUCTION



        QUMU CORPORATION CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS POLICY INTRODUCTION Our Commitment The Code Applicability of Code We are committed to conducting our business lawfully and ethically. We promote a culture    

        More information 




DLI CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT & ETHICS



        DLI CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT & ETHICS All DLI employees, regardless of where they are located, must conduct their affairs with uncompromising honesty and integrity. Business ethics are no different from    

        More information 




CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS



        Effective: 1 st April 2015 Table of Contents 1. PURPOSE... 3 2. SCOPE... 3 3. OWNERSHIP... 3 4. DEFINITIONS... 3 5. CONFLICTS OF INTEREST... 3 6. CORPORATE OPPORTUNITIES... 4 7. CONFIDENTIALITY AND PRIVACY...    

        More information 




Platform Specialty Products Corporation Foreign Corrupt Practices Act/Anti-Corruption Policy



        1. Introduction. Platform Specialty Products Corporation Foreign Corrupt Practices Act/Anti-Corruption Policy 1.1 Combating Corruption. Platform Specialty Products Corporation, including its subsidiaries,    

        More information 




ELECTRO RENT CORPORATION CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS CANADA



        ELECTRO RENT CORPORATION CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS CANADA Dear Colleague: Since its founding in 1965, Electro Rent has always prided itself on maintaining and delivering quality products and    

        More information 




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Ethics are vital to Brown Strauss, Inc. (Brown Strauss) and each of its and employees. Brown Strauss is committed to the highest ethical standards and to conducting its business with    

        More information 




AT&T s Code of Business Conduct



        August 2015 AT&T s Code of Business Conduct To All AT&T Employees Worldwide: The most basic commitment we make to our customers, our shareholders, and each other is to always conduct ourselves in an ethical    

        More information 




Evergreen Solar, Inc. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics



        Evergreen Solar, Inc. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics A MESSAGE FROM THE BOARD At Evergreen Solar, Inc. (the Company or Evergreen Solar ), we believe that conducting business ethically is critical    

        More information 




Destiny Media Technology s Code of Conduct



        Destiny Media Technology s Code of Conduct INTRODUCTION Destiny Media Technology s ( Destiny ) reputation depends on the conduct of its employees, officers and directors who have an obligation to Destiny    

        More information 




Ryanair Holdings PLC Code of Business Conduct & Ethics 2012



        Ryanair Holdings PLC Code of Business Conduct & Ethics 2012 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS 1. INTRODUCTION 3 2. WORK ENVIRONMENT 3 2.1 Discrimination & Harassment 3 2.2 Privacy of Personal Information 3 2.3 Internet    

        More information 




Our Vendor Code of Conduct



        Our Vendor Code of Conduct Jones Lang LaSalle and LaSalle Investment Management Vendor Code of Conduct Copyright Jones Lang LaSalle IP, Inc. Ethics Everywhere Where we stand Jones Lang LaSalle stands for    

        More information 




We will pursue our business with honor, fairness, and respect for the individual and. the public at large ever mindful that there



        O Business with Integrity O We will pursue our business with honor, fairness, and respect for the individual and the public at large ever mindful that there is no right way to do a wrong thing. Introduction    

        More information 




CODE OF CONDUCT as adopted by the Board of Directors on 20 February 2015



        GOLDFIELDS MONEY LIMITED ACN 087 651 849 CODE OF CONDUCT as adopted by the Board of Directors on 20 February 2015 1. Purpose This Code of Conduct (Code) clearly states the standards of responsibility and    

        More information 




EADS-NA Code of Ethics



        Page: 1 of 7 EADS-NA Code of Ethics Introduction The Company demands high ethical standards of conduct from its directors, employees, and agents and will conduct its business with honesty, integrity, and    

        More information 




Third Party Code of. Business Conduct and Ethics



        Third Party Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Dear Valued Third Party: In a letter to Capital One associates, Richard Fairbank, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the company, has said the following:    

        More information 




code of Business Conduct and ethics



        code of Business Conduct and ethics Introduction This document provides information about our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. All directors, officers and employees are individually and collectively    

        More information 




NRG ENERGY, INC. SUPPLIER CODE OF CONDUCT. Revision 1, Released June 10, 2014



        NRG ENERGY, INC. SUPPLIER CODE OF CONDUCT Revision 1, Released June 10, 2014 Ethics toll-free Helpline 888.263.0463-1 Table of Contents INTRODUCTION and MESSAGE FROM CEO 3 NRG STRIVE VALUES 4 ETHICS HELPLINE    

        More information 




UNIVERSAL INSURANCE HOLDINGS, INC. CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS. Revised as of March 3, 2014



        I. Statement of Policy UNIVERSAL INSURANCE HOLDINGS, INC. CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS Revised as of March 3, 2014 Universal Insurance Holdings, Inc. ( UIH ) and its subsidiaries (collectively,    

        More information 




Standards of. Conduct. Important Phone Number for Reporting Violations



        Standards of Conduct It is the policy of Security Health Plan that all its business be conducted honestly, ethically, and with integrity. Security Health Plan s relationships with members, hospitals, clinics,    

        More information 




CIVEO CORPORATION CORPORATE CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS. Effective as of May 5, 2014



        CIVEO CORPORATION CORPORATE CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS Effective as of May 5, 2014 Purpose This Corporate Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (this Code ) contains the policies that relate to    

        More information 




Code of Business Conduct



        4 8 F A C T O R I N G Code of Business Conduct Dear Colleague: Since its foundation 48 Factoring has been committed to maintaining the highest ethical standards. Our core values exemplify our drive for    

        More information 




a. employees Company; or



        Code of Busines ss Conduct and Ethics 1. Introduction a. This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code ) applies to all directors, officers, employees and third parties employed or directly engaged    

        More information 




LANTHEUS HOLDINGS, INC. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and Anti-Bribery Compliance Policy



        LANTHEUS HOLDINGS, INC. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and Anti-Bribery Compliance Policy 1. Introduction. Applicability. This Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and Anti-Bribery Compliance Policy (this Policy    

        More information 




Revised 05/22/14 P a g e 1



        Corporate Office 107 W. Franklin Street P.O. Box 638 Elkhart, IN 46515-0638 Phone (574) 294-7511 Fax (574) 522-5213 INTRODUCTION PATRICK INDUSTRIES, INC. CODE OF ETHICS AND BUSINESS CONDUCT As a leader    

        More information 




WESTERN ASSET MORTGAGE CAPITAL CORPORATION CODE OF CONDUCT



        WESTERN ASSET MORTGAGE CAPITAL CORPORATION CODE OF CONDUCT I. Introduction This Code of Conduct (the "Code") sets out basic principles to guide the day-today business activities of directors, officers    

        More information 




COLLINS FOODS LIMITED (the COMPANY) CODE OF CONDUCT



        COLLINS FOODS LIMITED (the COMPANY) CODE OF CONDUCT 1. Introduction The Company is committed to maintaining ethical standards in the conduct of its business activities. The Company's reputation as an ethical    

        More information 




PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC.



        PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Directors 1. Introduction This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Directors ( Code ) has been adopted by Philip Morris International    

        More information 




Code of Business Principles Helping us do the right thing



        Code of Business Principles Helping us do the right thing Code of Business Principles Helping us do the right thing Contents 01 Foreword 02 Who is the code for? 03 Where to find advice or raise a concern    

        More information 




Bottomline s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics



        Bottomline s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Bottomline Technologies (the Company) Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is the compass by which directors, officers, employees and contractors (each,    

        More information 




CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS



        CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS Introduction This (the Code ) applies to Oceaneering International, Inc. and its subsidiaries and other affiliated companies (together referred to as our Company, us    

        More information 




METHANEX CORPORATE MANUAL



        SUB- 1.0 Scope All directors, officers and employees of Methanex Corporation and its subsidiaries ( Employee(s) ). 2.0 Purpose To provide Methanex Employees with: a) a set of standards meant to assist    

        More information 




Code of Conduct of JTH Holding, Inc. Liberty Tax Service



        Code of Conduct of JTH Holding, Inc. Liberty Tax Service Comments from John Hewitt: At Liberty Tax Service, being a principles-led company is more than a list of ideals it is a part of our mission. Our    

        More information 




Hyatt Hotels Corporation. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics



        INTRODUCTION This (this Code ) is designed to reaffirm and promote Hyatt Hotels Corporation s compliance with laws and ethical standards applicable in all jurisdictions in which Hyatt Hotels Corporation    

        More information 




Copyright 2012, General Dynamics Information Technology. All Rights Reserved.



        Introduction Over the years, General Dynamics Information Technology has experienced significant growth in its IT services business serving government and commercial customers worldwide. As a valued supplier    

        More information 




GLAUKOS CORPORATION CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS



        GLAUKOS CORPORATION CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code ) contains general guidelines for conducting the business of Glaukos Corporation (the Company    

        More information 




BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC. CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS



        BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC. CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS A. Scope. This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applies to all Berkshire Hathaway directors, officers and employees, as well as to directors,    

        More information 




Ur-Energy Inc. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics



        Ur-Energy Inc. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics As Amended Effective February 5, 2014 2957409.2 TABLE OF CONTENTS INTRODUCTION... 3 CONFLICTS OF INTEREST... 3 GIFTS, INVITATIONS AND ENTERTAINMENT GUIDELINES...    

        More information 




PAPA JOHN S INTERNATIONAL, INC. CODE OF ETHICS AND BUSINESS CONDUCT



        PAPA JOHN S INTERNATIONAL, INC. CODE OF ETHICS AND BUSINESS CONDUCT Approved October 30, 2015 Dear Officers, Directors and Team Members: All of us, together with our investors, customers and supply partners,    

        More information 




CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS



        1.0 INTRODUCTION Integrity is a core value of British Columbia Ferry Services Inc. and its subsidiaries ( BCF or the Company ). It is a fundamental principle of this organization that all Directors, Officers,    

        More information 




CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT



        CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS -- A Statement of Company Policy for All Employees -- CONDUCTING BUSINESS WITH INTEGRITY, HONESTY AND ACCOUNTABILITY SKYWORKS WILL NOT RETALIATE AGAINST, NOR WILL IT    

        More information 




Asterias Biotherapeutics, Inc. Code Of Business Conduct And Ethics. March 10, 2013



        Asterias Biotherapeutics, Inc. Code Of Business Conduct And Ethics March 10, 2013 This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the "Code") sets forth legal and ethical standards of conduct for directors,    

        More information 




STATEMENT FROM THE CHAIRMAN



        STATEMENT FROM THE CHAIRMAN In an ever-changing global marketplace, it is important for all of us to have an understanding of the responsibilities each of have in carrying out day-to-day business decisions    

        More information 




CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS



        CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics covers a wide range of business practices and applies to all employees, officers, and directors and all majority-owned and controlled    

        More information 




California Mutual Insurance Company Code of Business Conduct and Ethics



        California Mutual Insurance Company Code of Business Conduct and Ethics This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code ) applies to all officers, employees, and directors of California Mutual Insurance    

        More information 




Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. With Special Message for Senior Business and Finance Leaders



        Code of Business Conduct and Ethics With Special Message for Senior Business and Finance Leaders Index Letter from our Chairman & CEO and from our President Annual Letter to Senior Leaders Introduction    

        More information 




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. Code of Business Conduct & Ethics



        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Ethics are vital to AZCON and its employees. AZCON is committed to the highest ethical standards and to conducting its business with the highest level of integrity. These values must    

        More information 




LIVING THE FIRMENICH FUNDAMENTALS EACH AND EVERY DAY



        LIVING THE FIRMENICH FUNDAMENTALS EACH AND EVERY DAY FIRMENICH CODE OF ETHICS AND BUSINESS CONDUCT - Page 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS MESSAGE FROM GILBERT GHOSTINE... 3 FIRMENICH CODE OF ETHICS AND BUSINESS CONDUCT...    

        More information 




Corporate Code of Conduct



        1. Background Corporate Code of Conduct 1.1. For over a century, the Swire group of companies has been recognised as acting responsibly in the course of achieving its commercial success. Our reputation    

        More information 




RENREN INC. CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS. This Code is designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote:



        RENREN INC. CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS I. PURPOSE This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code ) contains general guidelines for conducting the business of Renren Inc., a Cayman Islands    

        More information 




CODE OF ETHICS AND BUSINESS CONDUCT



        CODE OF ETHICS AND BUSINESS CONDUCT TABLE OF CONTENTS The Oracle Code of Ethics and Business Conduct........1 Understanding this Code..........................1 Applicability of This Code..........................2    

        More information 




Supplier Integrity Guide



        Supplier Integrity Guide Wayne Fueling Systems and its Wayne Fueling Systems business are committed to unyielding Integrity and high standards of business conduct in everything we do, especially in our    

        More information 




CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT



        CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT POLICY OBJECTIVES 1. This policy constitutes the Code of Business Conduct of companies of the Volga Gas Group (hereinafter called Group companies ). The Code applies to all employees    

        More information 




Administrative Policy and Procedure Manual. Code of Conduct Effective Date: 1/2005 Scope: Organizationwide Page 1 of 9



        Scope: Organizationwide Page 1 of 9 I. Purpose The purpose of this policy is to provide direction to staff members to assist in carrying out daily activities within appropriate ethical and legal standards.    

        More information 




POSTMEDIA NETWORK CANADA CORP. (the Company )



        POSTMEDIA NETWORK CANADA CORP. (the Company ) CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS INTRODUCTION This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics ( Code ) covers a wide range of business practices and procedures.    

        More information 




OK INTERNATIONAL, INC. CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT & ETHICS



        OK INTERNATIONAL, INC. CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT & ETHICS Statement by Chief Executive Officer Ethics are vital to OK International, Inc. and each of its employees. OK International is committed to the    

        More information 




FS-5-101 Rev 1.2 Page 1 of 11



        Page 1 of 11 First Solar, Inc. (Adopted as of October 3, 2006; revised July 29, 2015) Introduction This of First Solar, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company ) summarizes the values, principles and business    

        More information 




CODE OF ETHICS AND BUSINESS CONDUCT



        CODE OF ETHICS AND BUSINESS CONDUCT Date of Issue: 22 January 2015 Version number: 2 LUXFER HOLDINGS PLC Code of Ethics and Business Conduct Luxfer Holdings PLC is committed to conducting its business    

        More information 




NewLead Holdings Ltd. Code of Ethics



        NewLead Holdings Ltd. Code of Ethics The Board of Directors of NewLead Holdings Ltd., (the Company ) has adopted this Code of Ethics (the Code ) for all of the Company s employees, directors, officers    

        More information 




Employee Code of Conduct GENERAL STATEMENT OF BUSINESS PHILOSOPHY



        Employee Code of Conduct GENERAL STATEMENT OF BUSINESS PHILOSOPHY The commitment to excellence is fundamental to the philosophy of CFA Institute. This commitment means that employees share a common set    

        More information 




PEREGRINE SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION CODE OF ETHICS AND BUSINESS CONDUCT. Amended as of and Effective April 22, 2015



        PEREGRINE SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION CODE OF ETHICS AND BUSINESS CONDUCT Amended as of and Effective April 22, 2015 1. POLICY STATEMENT The reputation and integrity of Peregrine Semiconductor Corporation    

        More information 




Business Conduct, Compliance and Ethics Program. important



        Business Conduct, Compliance and Ethics Program important Table of Contents Letter from Troy Kirchenbauer As healthcare s first online direct contracting market, aptitude is committed to upholding the    

        More information 




PHILIPPINE LONG DISTANCE TELEPHONE COMPANY CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS



        PHILIPPINE LONG DISTANCE TELEPHONE COMPANY CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS Philippine Long Distance Telephone Company ( PLDT or the Company ) is dedicated to doing business in accordance with the highest    

        More information 




LAUREATE ANTI-CORRUPTION POLICY



        LAUREATE ANTI-CORRUPTION POLICY Laureate Anti-Corruption Policy 1.0 PURPOSE AND BACKGROUND This Anti-Corruption Policy establishes basic standards and a framework for the prevention and detection of bribery    

        More information 




CUBIC ENERGY, INC. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics



        CUBIC ENERGY, INC. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Introduction Our Company s reputation for honesty and integrity is the sum of the personal reputations of our directors, officers and employees. To    

        More information 




VANDA PHARMACEUTICALS INC.



        VANDA PHARMACEUTICALS INC. CODE OF ETHICS AND BUSINESS CONDUCT (As of May 22, 2014) 1. POLICY STATEMENT The reputation and integrity of Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the Company ) are valuable assets that    

        More information 




CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS



        Northern Trust Corporation CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS This Code applies to all directors of Northern Trust Corporation, all directors of subsidiaries of Northern Trust Corporation and all officers    

        More information 




Code of Business Conduct



        Code of Business Conduct Short description Our basic values and principles guide our conduct and set the expectations, standards and ethical practices that underpin all our dealings. Scope Relevant to    

        More information 




Code of Supplier Conduct. Ethics. Citizenship. Sustainability. Compliance.



        Code of Supplier Conduct Ethics. Citizenship. Sustainability. Compliance. August 2015 To Our Valued Suppliers Sprint s reputation for service, quality and fair dealing is coupled with Sprint s firm commitment    

        More information 




Complying with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act



        Complying with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 1. About This Manual This Manual describes the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ( FCPA ), 15 U.S.C. 78m, 78dd, 78ff (collectively, FCPA ), anti-corruption    

        More information 




CABOT OIL & GAS CORPORATION CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT



        CABOT OIL & GAS CORPORATION CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT Last Revised April 15, 2015 CABOT OIL & GAS CORPORATION CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation ( COGC ) is one of the nation s leading    

        More information 




company policy number 0001 LEGAL AND ETHICAL CONDUCT



        company policy number 0001 LEGAL AND ETHICAL CONDUCT eff. date replaces page 28 Mar. 2011 14 Feb. 2006 1 of 10 PURPOSE CPI has adopted this Code of Legal and Ethical Conduct ( Code ) to promote: honest    

        More information 




VisionQuest Code of Conduct



        VisionQuest Code of Conduct Code of Conduct The Code of Conduct guides all employees and contractors by establishing minimum mandatory standards of conduct for individual decision-making while performing    

        More information 




QIAGEN N.V. CORPORATE CODE OF CONDUCT AND ETHICS



        QIAGEN N.V. CORPORATE CODE OF CONDUCT AND ETHICS This Corporate Code of Conduct and Ethics, referred to as the Code, is intended to provide our associates, as defined below, with a clear understanding    

        More information 




ANTI-BRIBERY AND FOREIGN CORRUPT PRACTICES ACT COMPLIANCE POLICY



        Issued: November 12, 2013 ANTI-BRIBERY AND FOREIGN CORRUPT PRACTICES ACT COMPLIANCE POLICY SCOPE This policy applies to all Magnetek, Inc. ( Magnetek ) employees, its subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide,    

        More information 




HORIZON OIL LIMITED (ABN: 51 009 799 455)



        HORIZON OIL LIMITED (ABN: 51 009 799 455) CORPORATE CODE OF CONDUCT Corporate code of conduct Page 1 of 7 1 Introduction This is the corporate code of conduct ( Code ) for Horizon Oil Limited ( Horizon    

        More information 




I. Compliance with Applicable Governmental Laws, Rules, Regulations, and Agreements



        Updated: 2.18.2007 Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. CODE OF ETHICS AND BUSINESS CONDUCT Purpose The Board of Directors ( Board ) of Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. ( Check Point ) has adopted    

        More information 




Letter from the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman and the Group Medical Director



        Letter from the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman and the Group Medical Director Every day, millions of people put their trust in International SOS to help them wherever they live or travel. We remain    

        More information 




Code of Business Conduct



        Code of Business Conduct Purpose and Scope Vicor Corporation (together with its subsidiaries and divisions, Vicor, the Company, we, and the possessive forms thereof) is committed to the highest standards    

        More information 




SAFEWAY INC. Steve Burd Chairman, President and CEO



        Dear Fellow Employee: Through the years, Safeway has earned a well-deserved reputation for honesty, integrity and fair dealing. It's up to each of us to protect and enhance that reputation. The Company    

        More information 




Supplier Anti-Corruption and Anti- Bribery Policy



        Supplier Anti-Corruption and Anti- Bribery Policy 2014 Dwellworks Contents Purpose and Scope... 3 Core Principles... 4 Guidelines for Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Compliance... 5 Applicable Definitions...    

        More information 




Code of Business Conduct



        Code of Business Conduct Our Employees We treat each other with fairness, respect, and dignity, offering equal opportunities to all individuals. Intimidation, harassment, or discrimination based on race,    

        More information 




Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. Strike Energy Limited ACN 078 012 745



        Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Strike Energy Limited ACN 078 012 745 Approved: 2 December 2014 Contents 1. General... 1 2. Responsibilities to shareholders and the financial community generally...    

        More information 




MOTORCAR PARTS OF AMERICA, INC. CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS ADOPTED EFFECTIVE JANUARY 15, 2015



        MOTORCAR PARTS OF AMERICA, INC. CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS ADOPTED EFFECTIVE JANUARY 15, 2015 The Board of Directors of Motorcar Parts of America, Inc. ( MPA ) has adopted the following Code of    

        More information 




CODE OF CONDUCT And CORPORATE COMPLIANCE PLAN SUMMARY



        CODE OF CONDUCT And CORPORATE COMPLIANCE PLAN SUMMARY Original Issue Date: October 2007 Revision Date: August 2013 Table of Contents Code of Conduct...1 Compliance Policies...3 A. General Business Practices...3    

        More information 




Group Policy 1. INTRODUCTION 2. BUSINESS INTEGRITY. 2.1. Honesty, Integrity & Fairness



        Corporate Code of Conduct and Ethics Policy Approver: CEO Valid from: 26-11-13 1. INTRODUCTION CRI recognizes its responsibilities as a global services provider, and is committed to being a responsible    

        More information 




CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS INTERLINK ELECTRONICS, INC.



        CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS INTERLINK ELECTRONICS, INC. I. Introduction This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code of Conduct ) summarizes the ethical standards and policies that guide    

        More information 




HILLENBRAND, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES. Global Anti-Corruption Policy Statement and Compliance Guide



        HILLENBRAND, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Global Anti-Corruption Policy Statement and Compliance Guide Hillenbrand, Inc., including all of its subsidiaries (referred to collectively as the Company ), maintains    

        More information 




YMCA of High Point Whistleblower Policy and Procedure



        YMCA of High Point Whistleblower Policy and Procedure In keeping with the policy of maintaining the highest standards of conduct and ethics, the YMCA of High Point will investigate any suspected fraudulent    

        More information 




SM ENERGY COMPANY CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND CONFLICT OF INTEREST POLICY



        SM ENERGY COMPANY CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND CONFLICT OF INTEREST POLICY We at SM Energy Company are committed to compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations and to conducting our business    

        More information 


















                2017 © DocPlayer.net Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Feedback



















George C  Bobb III - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











George C  Bobb III
Check out list of companies and businesses related to George C  Bobb III. Find out George C  Bobb III address and contact details. View other people related to George C  Bobb III - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

1049 CAMINO DOS RIOS  THOUSAND OAKS 91360 CA




Companies related to George C  Bobb III
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001094285TELEDYNE TECHNOLOGIES INCVP-IT,Contract&SelectOps&DepGC 1049 CAMINO DOS RIOS  THOUSAND OAKS 91360




George C  Bobb III on the Web
Persons related to George C  Bobb III - TELEDYNE TECHNOLOGIES INCNamePositionCityWajid  AliVP & Controller THOUSAND OAKSROXANNE S  AUSTINDirector ROXANNE S  AUSTINDirector LOS ANGELESROXANNE S  AUSTINDirector THOUSAND OAKSCynthia Y  BelakVice President and Controller THOUSAND OAKSGeorge C  Bobb IIIVP-IT,Contract&SelectOps&DepGC THOUSAND OAKSROBERT P  BOZZONEDirector LOS ANGELESROBERT P  BOZZONEDirector LOS ANGELESROBERT P  BOZZONEDirector THOUSAND OAKSRUTH E  BRUCHDirector THOUSAND OAKSFRANK V  CAHOUETDirector FRANK V  CAHOUETDirector LOS ANGELESFRANK V  CAHOUETDirector THOUSAND OAKSCrocker  CharlesThousand OaksMelanie Susan  CibikSr.VP, GenCounsel, CCO & Sec. THOUSAND OAKSDIANE C  CREELDirector LOS ANGELESDIANE C  CREELDirector LOS ANGELESCHARLES  CROCKERDirector CHARLES  CROCKERDirector LOS ANGELESCHARLES  CROCKERDirector LOS ANGELESCHARLES  CROCKERDirector THOUSAND OAKSKENNETH C  DAHLBERGDirector SAN DIEGOKENNETH C  DAHLBERGDirector LOS ANGELESKENNETH C  DAHLBERGDirector THOUSAND OAKSSchnittjer  DaleThousand OaksENERGY EAST CORPLOS ANGELESCahouet  FrankThousand OaksRex D  GevedenExecutive Vice President THOUSAND OAKSKuelbs  JohnThousand OaksDahlberg  KennethThousand OaksJOHN T  KUELBSExec. VP, Gen. Counsel & Sec. LOS ANGELESJOHN T  KUELBSExec VP, Gen Counsel & Sec. THOUSAND OAKSJAMES M  LINKPresident, Teledyne Brown Eng. LOS ANGELESJAMES M  LINKPresident, Teledyne Brown Eng. THOUSAND OAKSSIMON M  LORNEDirector NEW YORKSIMON M  LORNEDirector LOS ANGELESSIMON M  LORNEDirector THOUSAND OAKSSUE  MAINSenior VP & CFO LOS ANGELESSUE  MAINSenior VP & CFO THOUSAND OAKSRobert A  MaloneDirector HOUSTONROBERT  MEHRABIANChairman, Pres. & CEO LOS ANGELESROBERT  MEHRABIANChairman, President & CEO THOUSAND OAKSSmith  MichaelThousand OaksPAUL DAVID  MILLERDirector LOS ANGELESPAUL DAVID  MILLERDirector THOUSAND OAKSCHARLES H  NOSKIDirector LOS ANGELESMiller  PaulThousand OaksALDO  PICHELLIChief Operating Officer LOS ANGELESALDO  PICHELLISr. VP & COO, E&C Segment THOUSAND OAKSALDO  PICHELLIExecutive VP THOUSAND OAKSCHARLES J  QUEENAN JRDirector LOS ANGELESCHARLES J  QUEENAN JRDirector LOS ANGELESTHOMAS H  RESLEWICVice President CHESTNUT RIDGEMehrabian  RobertThousand OaksEdwin  RoksTHOUSAND OAKSAustin  RoxanneThousand OaksDALE A  SCHNITTJERSr. VP & CFO LOS ANGELESDALE A  SCHNITTJERSenior VP & CFO THOUSAND OAKSJane Cecile  SherburneDirector CHARLOTTEJane Cecile  SherburneDirector THOUSAND OAKSLorne  SimonThousand OaksMICHAEL T  SMITHDirector PORTLANDMICHAEL T  SMITHDirector THOUSAND OAKSMICHAEL T  SMITHDirector LOS ANGELESMICHAEL T  SMITHDirector LOS ANGELESMain  SusanThousand OaksJason  VanWeesSVP, Strategy, Mergers & Acq. THOUSAND OAKSJason  VanWeesSVP, Strategy, Mergers & Acq. THOUSAND OAKSSCHACK WESLEY W  VONDirector BINGHAMTONSCHACK WESLEY W  VONDirector LOS ANGELESSCHACK WESLEY W  VONDirector THOUSAND OAKSVon Schack  WesleyThousand Oaks












 








Bobb, George C., III Attorney in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania PA | Find Lawyers and Attorneys Near Me























































Bobb, George C., III Attorney



















  436 Seventh Avenue 
Pittsburgh
Pennsylvania, 
    15219

  (412)227-3100
  (412)227-3130 
  bobb(at)dkyk.com 







Specialties of Bobb, George C., III Attorney:

Attorneys
Constitutional Lawyers
Employment & Labor Lawyers
Media & Communications  Lawyers
Trial Lawyers













Attorneys: A lawyer is a person who practices law, as an advocate, barrister, attorney, counselor or solicitor or chartered legal executive. Working as a lawyer involves the practical application of abstract legal theories and knowledge to solve specific individualized problems, or to advance the interests of those who hire lawyers to perform legal services. The role of the lawyer varies greatly across legal jurisdictions, and so it can be treated here in only the most general terms.


Constitutional Lawyers: Constitutional law refers to rights carved out in the federal and state constitutions. The majority of this body of law has developed from state and federal supreme court rulings, which interpret their respective constitutions and ensure that the laws passed by the legislature do not violate constitutional limits. Most constitutional legal issues involve the Bill of Rights, which contains the first 10 amendments to the U.S. Constitution. These amendments contain such rights as the freedom of speech, the right to a fair trial, and the right to be free from certain types of discrimination.

More links: 

Attorneys in Pennsylvania
Constitutional Lawyers in Pennsylvania
Employment & Labor Lawyers in Pennsylvania
Media & Communications  Lawyers in Pennsylvania
Trial Lawyers in Pennsylvania



Jones Gerard E Attorney


				  Attorneys
				  
Kayiwa, Kimberly Alina Attorney


				  Consumer Protection Lawyers
				  
Gimer, Thomas H. Attorney


				  Corporate Business Lawyers - Real Estate Attorneys - Trial Lawyers
				  
Binder Maureen F Attorney


				  Attorneys
				  
Ramsay Raymond M Ramsay & Stein PC Attorneys


				  Attorneys - Real Estate Attorneys
				  
Berry & Desplaines PA


				  Attorneys - Business Services Lawyers
				  
Dingee John L Attorney


				  Attorneys
				  
Nix Robin II Attorney


				  Attorneys
				  
Hoyle Clifford D Attorney


				  Attorneys - Estate Planning & Administration Lawyers - Real Estate Attorneys
				  
McCasland Holbrook, Laura L. Attorney


				  Attorneys - Bankruptcy Lawyers - Debt Consolidation Lawyers - Trial Lawyers
				  
Covey Bruce Insurance


				  Real Estate Attorneys
				  
Morris, Jeffrey D. Attorney


				  Attorneys - Criminal Defense Lawyers - Trial Lawyers
				  
Costa Carol A Attorney


				  Attorneys - Estate Planning & Administration Lawyers - Real Estate Attorneys
				  
Holzem Peter J


				  Attorneys
				  
Joseph, Michael B. Attorney


				  Attorneys - Bankruptcy Lawyers - Debt Consolidation Lawyers
				  
Hughes, Barbara S. Attorney


				  Attorneys - Elder Lawyers - Estate Planning & Administration Lawyers - Family Lawyers
				  
Lewis Susan C Attorney at Law


				  Attorneys - Social Security Attorneys
				  
Weld, Stephen L. Attorney


				  Discrimination & Civil Rights Lawyers - Employment & Labor Lawyers
				  
Hill, Matthew B. Attorney


				  Attorneys - Banking & Investment Lawyers
				  
Dallett, Estelina L Attorney


				  Attorneys
				  
Geist Melissa A Attorney


				  Attorneys

Squires Law PLLC


				  Attorneys

Dodge & Dodge, P.C.


				  Attorneys - Criminal Defense Lawyers - Trial Lawyers

Golba, Peter Joseph Attorney


				  Attorneys - Insurance  Lawyers - Trial Lawyers

Olore, Hugo A., Jr. Attorney


				  Administrative & Governmental Lawyers - Attorneys - Banking & Investment Lawyers - Corporate Business Lawyers - Corporate Finance & Securities Lawyers

Quiroga, J. Alberto Attorney


				  Accident Lawyers - Attorneys - Corporate Business Lawyers - Custody & Support Lawyers - Family Lawyers

Edson Gery W Attorney


				  Attorneys

Steiner Keith J Senior


				  Attorneys

Eck, George G. Attorney


				  Attorneys - Trial Lawyers

Gottlieb, Lawrence Attorney


				  Attorneys - Insurance  Lawyers - Trial Lawyers

Hadidian Ellen


				  Attorneys - Immigration Lawyers

Acosta Jaime G


				  Attorneys

Bridgeford Mark Law Offices Of


				  Attorneys

Areces, A. Francisco Attorney


				  Accident Lawyers - Attorneys - Consumer Protection Lawyers - Malpractice & Negligence Lawyers - Personal Injury Lawyers - Product Liability  Lawyers

Aligada, Reynaldo A., Jr. Attorney


				  Attorneys - Corporate Business Lawyers - Trial Lawyers

Ray, Herbert H., Jr. Attorney


				  Attorneys

Ccg Partners LLC


				  Attorneys

Sidney White Rhyne


				  Estate Planning & Administration Lawyers

Taylor, Brendon C. Attorney


				  Administrative & Governmental Lawyers - Attorneys - Criminal Defense Lawyers - Estate Planning & Administration Lawyers - Family Lawyers

Aserkoff Janet F Attorney


				  Attorneys









 Areas of specialty:

Attorneys
Constitutional Lawyers
Employment & Labor Lawyers
Media & Communications  Lawyers
Trial Lawyers


Is this your listing?

















Marketing for Lawyers
Contact US Lawyers DB  [ to add listing, update listing, make payment or anything ] 
 Privacy Policy

Developed by Internet Plus







