



boomtech



































Marine Operations
Marine Spill Response, Containment Boom Deployment, Mooring Maintenance, Work Boat Support Services, Shallow to Open Water



Land Operations
Specialized Spill Support Vehicles, Vacuum Truck Services, High Pressure, Washing and Jetting, Water and Fuel Removal, Sorbent Materials Distributor, Containment Supplies Distributor, Site Remediation and Restoration



Remediation Services
Facility Remediation and Decontamination Services, Full and Selective Demolition Excavation and Vactoring Services, Installation and Maintenance of Recovery Wells, Design/Build Pump and Treat Systems, Drum Management (Lab-Packing)



Tank Management
Removal Services, Residential Heating Oil Tank Replacement, Storage Tank Cleaning (Industrial and Gas-Free), Vacuum Truck Services



WELCOME





Customer service, performance, and integrity.







Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

















Boom Technology, Inc. - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Boom Technology, Inc.



Overview
In The News Executives & Employees Board of Directors Paths
Recent Transactions Investors



Boom Technology, Inc.



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


2014




Headquarters


12850 East Control Tower Road, Englewood, CO 80112




Industries


Aerospace & Defense

Holding Companies




Company Description


Boom Technology, Inc. manufactures supersonic passenger flight and aircraft for business travel. The company was founded by Blake Scholl, Joe Wilding and Joshua Krall in 2014 and is headquartered in Englewood, CO.




Website


http://www.boomsupersonic.com






 In The News
          See more




CNBC
June 19, 2017





                        Boom's supersonic jets could cut your flight time in half within the next decade                    





CNBC
June 19, 2017





                        Boeing planning on hypersonic jets for commercial flights, though the Concorde's memory lingers                    





Business Wire
June 19, 2017





                        Boom Supersonic is Reinventing Air Travel by Strengthening Its Strategic Partnership with Rescale                    





Business Wire
June 15, 2017





                        Boom Supersonic and Stratasys Sign Technical Partnership to Improve the Speed of Development for Supersonic Aircraft With 3D Printing                    





Los Angeles Times
February 3, 2017





                        SUPERSONIC JETS SEEKING LIFTOFF : Firms are turning to new technology to revive the market for faster flights                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 





 Executives & Employees



Nathaniel Blake Scholl

Founder




Joshua Krall

Co-Founder





Joe Wilding

Co-Founder




Greg Krauland

Technical Program Manager





Michael J. Jagemann

Manufacturing




David Bogue

Aerodynamics Lead





Eli Dourado

Global Policy & Communications




Andy Berryann

Propulsion





Bryce Knight

Aircraft Structures




Michael Reid

Systems Engineering







See our list of current and previous employees when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



                          Board of Directors                        



Sam Harris Altman

President at Y Combinator LLC




Greg McAdoo

Chief Executive Officer at Endurant Systems





Nathaniel Blake Scholl

Founder at Boom Technology, Inc.







See our list of current and previous board members when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Paths to Boom Technology, Inc.



                        Boom Technology, Inc.                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Boom Technology, Inc.






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Boom Technology, Inc..

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Recent Transactions



 Details Hidden



                                    Boom Technology, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                                                    




 Details Hidden



                                    Boom Technology, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                                                    





 Investors



 Details Hidden


Eight Enterprises LLC

                                    Eight Enterprises LLC (8VC) invests in early stage companies located in the US. They target companies operating in the fields of finance, government, consumer, healthcare, education, business processes, energy and smart enterprise. They act as a lead investor and also makes co investments.                                




 Details Hidden


Palm Drive Ventures LLC

                                    Palm Drive Ventures LLC is a private company headquartered in New York, NY, also operating in Cayman Islands, that acts as an alternative investment manager.                                




 Details Hidden


Caffeinated Capital Management, Inc.

                                    Caffeinated Capital Management, Inc. is a venture capital firm located in San Francisco. The firm was formerly known as Orange Wall Capital.                                




 Details Hidden


Y Combinator LLC

                                    Y Combinator specializes in funding early-stage start-up companies. They seek to help start-ups mature from ideas to companies. Y Combinator invests mainly in software and web services companies. Each start-up is given $14,000 plus $3,000 per founder (up to three founders). Y Combinator takes positions in their portfolio companies of 5% to 6%. Y Combinator has funded over 500 startups including Scribd, reddit, Airbnb, Dropbox, Disqus and Heroku.                                




 Details Hidden


RRE Advisors LLC

                                    RRE Ventures invests in private information technology companies. They focus on rapidly growing markets in the software, communications and financial services industries.Target companies have demonstrated an ability to achieve rapid growth by successfully developing, manufacturing and marketing their products or services. RRE Ventures acquires minority equity interests in US-domiciled companies, but on occasion may make loans with equity rights or purchase public instruments in an underperforming company where the principals can play a pivotal role in turning the situation around. RRE Ventures generally invests between $5-10 million in early to mid-stage privately held information technology companies. They typically seek U.S. domiciled enterprises that are completing product development and are beginning to offer their products or services to a rapidly expanding and quantifiably large market. Of particular interest are companies that serve or partner with the Fortune 500.                                






See 13 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 13 More 







You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤



















boomtech




































 
Richard Branson and Boom Technology may build the next-gen supersonic plane in Denver – The Denver Post









































 

  




























eEdition
Subscribe/Members
Newsletters
Obituaries
 











The Denver Post












			Richard Branson and Boom Technology may build…		



Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) 








			Trending:		










 

 
 

BusinessAirlines



			Richard Branson and Boom Technology may build the next-gen supersonic plane in Denver		

Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window)By Alicia Wallace | awallace@denverpost.com | The Denver PostPUBLISHED: March 28, 2016 at 11:38 am | UPDATED: August 3, 2016 at 2:51 pm




Sign up for newsletters and alerts



Submit your news tips or photos



Most Popular




			In Denver speech, Michelle Obama urges women to seize their power while not hiding their scars		





			Douglas County woman arrested in hit-and-run collision with boy, 11		





			Harold Henthorn, who shoved second wife off cliff, loses appeal for a new murder trial		





			Broncos reconfigured offensive line is built to be bigger, stronger and meaner		





			Trump announces ban on transgender people serving in U.S. military		





			Senators on hot mic: Trump is “crazy,” “I’m worried”		








The next supersonic airplane could be built in metro Denver. And Richard Branson is banking on it.
Boom Technology Inc., a startup which departed Silicon Valley for Arapahoe County, has set up shop in a Centennial Airport hangar to develop a 40-seat aircraft that can travel to London from New York in 3.4 hours.
Branson’s Virgin Galactic has committed to provide development services for Boom and signed an option to buy 10 planes. Boom also said it has inked a similar deal for 15 planes with an unnamed European carrier.
With $5 billion of options on the books, Boom’s 11-person team of seasoned aerospace and software engineers wants to succeed where the luxury Concorde did not.
“We’re building a supersonic airplane that’s actually affordable to fly,” Boom founder and CEO Blake Scholl said in an interview Monday.
Boom unveiled its design last week. If all goes as planned, the sleek little plane would use proven technology — carbon fiber composites, propulsion systems and airframe materials — to hit speeds of Mach 2.2, or 1,451 miles per hour, but burn fuel far more efficiently than the Concorde, which was mothballed in 2003.
At that pace, passengers could travel from New York to London in 3.4 hours, cutting flight time by more than half, Boom says.
Boom wants to accomplish that for the round-trip price of $5,000.
The 100-seat Concorde was heftier in size and ticket price. Maintenance costs exceeded the expenses of other commercial aircraft, and round-trip tickets ran about $20,000.


“The fuel economy was awful,” Scholl said, “and that drove prices up right there.”
The Concorde had a fatal crash in 2000, but it was doomed by economics, said Seth Kaplan, managing partner of Airline Weekly.
Even with technological advancements and a cheaper ticket price promised by Boom’s plan for supersonic commercial flight, Kaplan wonders if it’s worth the effort.
“If we could be assured that fuel was going to stay cheap or be relatively cheap for the long-term, then, all things being equal, that would make faster travel be more attractive again,” he said.
Kaplan noted aircraft manufacturer Boeing has developed a technology that allows planes to fly faster without burning additional fuel.
“The airlines basically told Boeing, ‘If you can fly faster, how about instead you fly the same speed but burn less fuel?’ ” he said. “Boeing, to its credit, listened, and that became the Dreamliner.“
Richard Aboulafia, a vice president of analysis at aerospace and defense analysis firm Teal Group, said the current market conditions do not warrant a supersonic commercial plane.
The cost-savings may not be dramatic enough to offset the current structure, which includes a fully connected “office in the sky,” he said.
“Supersonic business jets I still regard as inevitable,” he said. “Commercial transports? Boy, it could go either way.”
Manufacturers, which must balance return-on-investment in new ventures while maintaining profitability for existing aircraft, typically make incremental technological changes, Airline Weekly’s Kaplan said.
The bigger manufacturers, however, do seem to move quickly if a viable competitor emerges, said Kaplan.
For example, Boeing and Airbus tried to quash competition from Canada’s Bombardier, which developed a series of narrow-body, mid-range aircraft, he said.
“If (Boom) actually starts to gain traction, then one threat to a startup is that Boeing and Airbus — if they believe it’s viable — could quickly decide to pursue something of their own,” he said.
It may help that The Spaceship Company, Virgin Galactic’s manufacturing organization, has Boom’s back.
“Richard Branson has long expressed interest in developing high-speed flight and building high-speed flight R&D,” Virgin Group officials wrote in response to questions Monday. “We can confirm that The Spaceship Company will provide engineering, design and manufacturing services, flight tests and operations and that we have an option on the first 10 airframes. It is still early days and just the start of what you’ll hear about our shared ambitions and efforts.”
Boeing has no supersonic civil aircraft product under development, spokesman Tom Kite said in an e-mail to The Denver Post on Monday.
“But we maintain a continuing interest in technologies that could one day lead to an environmentally acceptable and economically viable supersonic airliner,” he said.
Others, including Airbus, which filed a patent application, and NASA, which contracted with Lockheed Martin, also appear to be taking steps in supersonic development.
Boom’s first milestone is completing a prototype that is one-third scale of the 150-foot plane. The company expects that work to be done by the end of 2017 and “start setting speed records,” said Scholl, who is a licensed pilot.
The company has not released dates for the development of the full production plane, which would be priced at $200 million.
Alicia Wallace: 303-954-1939, awallace @denverpost.com or @aliciawallace


More in Technology






 






			Why your WiFi feels so slow sometimes		



July 24, 2017, 12:03 am



			For some, that might sound counterintuitive. After all, WiFi connects you to your home Internet – which you’d think would be plenty fast. So, why does your WiFi get slow sometimes, anyway?		








 






			Amazon isn’t technically dominant, but it pervades our lives		



July 24, 2017, 12:06 am



			Amazon is already a huge part of many people’s lives. And its $13.7 billion deal for the organic grocer Whole Foods will likely bind its customers even more tightly.		








 






			Foxconn to build $10 billion factory in Wisconsin with $3 billion in incentives		



July 26, 2017, 6:46 pm



			Foxconn Technology Group, which helped turn China into the center of electronics manufacturing, is setting up shop in the U.S., with plans for a $10 billion plant in Wisconsin		








 






			Taco Bell partners with Lyft to offer “ride-thru” meals		



July 26, 2017, 4:21 pm



			Taco Bell is testing a new service that allows users of the ride-sharing app Lyft to add a Taco Bell stop to their ride with the click of a button.		











Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			


























Contracting Profile: Boom Technology, Inc. Denver CO

























 



  
    Boom Technology, Inc. - Denver, CO vendor 080052872            Vendors    Boom Technology, Inc. - Denver, CO          Add Alert          Sign Up     Actions     Add to Partners             Claim Vendor              Similar Vendors              Related Contracts      Related Projects       Help         Boom Technology, Inc. Denver CO   Federal Vendor        Last active 3 weeks ago                     


     0 of 5 with 0 ratings              Need Help?   GovTribe hosts weekly webinars on various topic related to the government contrating industry. Sign up for one today.   Learn more          Web Trainings!   Join us for one of our upcoming training webinars.   Learn more              Name    Boom Technology, Inc. Denver CO        Division    Not Listed        Parent    Not Listed        Address     203 S Jackson St Denver, CO 80209 USA             Website    Not Listed        Primary Category    Not Listed        Size    Not Listed        Contact(s)      Blake Scholl Sales(E-Business) P: 2062766523          Structure    Corporate Entity (Not Tax Exempt)        Designations     Not Listed                               
















Boom Technology Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























boom technology inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Industrials
Industry: Waste & Environ Svcs & Equip
Sub-Industry: Environ Engineer & Consulting
Boom Technology, Inc. operates as a environmental contractor. The Company offers prevention and clean up of maritime oil spills. Boom Technology serves customers in the State of Maine.




Corporate Information
Address:

44 Sanford Drive
Gorham, ME 04038
United States


Phone:
1-207-887-7111


Fax:
1-207-887-7111


Web url:
www.boomtechnologyinc.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Boom Technology, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 12:43 AM ET
Aerospace and Defense

Company Overview of Boom Technology, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Boom Technology, Inc. manufactures supersonic passenger aircraft. The company was founded in 2014 and is based in Centennial, Colorado. As of November 10, 2016, Boom Technology, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of National Response Corporation.


12850 East Control Tower RoadCentennial, CO 80112United StatesFounded in 2014



Phone: 720-598-2666

boomsupersonic.com







Key Executives for Boom Technology, Inc.




Mr. Blake Scholl


      	Founder and Chief Executive Officer
      








Mr. Joe Wilding


      	Co-Founder and Chief Engineer
      








Mr. Joshua Krall


      	Co-Founder and Chief Technology Officer
      








Mr. Andy Berryann


      	Head of Propulsion
      








Mr. Michael Reid


      	Head of Systems Engineering
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Boom Technology, Inc. Key Developments

Boom Technology Unveils XB-1 Supersonic Demonstrator
Nov 15 16
Boom Technology unveiled the XB-1 Supersonic Demonstrator, a subscale prototype of the Boom supersonic passenger airliner. On display for the first time ever at Boom's Hangar 14 at Centennial Airport, the XB-1, nicknamed 'Baby Boom', will be unveiled this evening at an exclusive VIP event for airline and aerospace executives and media. The XB-1 is the faster civil aircraft ever made, and it will demonstrate in flight the key technologies for affordable supersonic travel. First flight of the XB-1 is planned for late 2017. Subsonic flight test will be conducted east of Denver; supersonic test flights will be conducted near Edwards Air Force Base in Southern California, in partnership with Virgin Galactic'sThe Spaceship Company. The XB-1 is a technically representative ?-scale version of the production Boom airliner. The XB-1 Supersonic Demonstrator will fly with hardware from General Electric (engines), Honeywell (avionics), Tencate (carbon fiber), with composite structures fabricated by Blue Force. Final assembly and vehicle integration are taking place in Boom's facility at Centennial Airport. Notable features are: First independently developed supersonic jet: Previously, supersonic flight has been the province of governments and militaries. The XB-1 is the first independently developed and privately-funded supersonic jet; Faster Civil Aircraft Ever: Cruising at Mach 2.2 (1,451mph), Boom jets are 10% faster than Concorde and 2.6X faster than other airliners; State of the Art, Proven Technology: Leveraging 50 years' progress in fundamental aerospace technologies, Boom uses proven tech (aerodynamics, materials, propulsion) to create a revolutionary new design. While the design is new, every key technology has already been proven safe and reliable on other commercial aircraft; Premium Passenger Experience: With one spacious seat on each side of the aisle, each passenger has a large window, a personal overhead bin, and direct aisle access. Cruising up to 60,000', passengers experience a smoother ride with less turbulence; and Safety First: The Boom design meets or exceeds industry and regulatory safety guidelines. Design Specifications: XB-1 Supersonic Demonstrator are - Crew: Two (pilot + optional flight test engineer or passenger); Length: 68', Wingspan: 17'; Maximum Takeoff Weight: 13,500 lb; Powerplant: 3X General Electric J85-21, non-afterburning; proprietary variable-geometry intake and exhaust; Aerodynamics: Chine, refined delta wing with swept trailing edge; Cruise: Mach 2.2 (1,451mph, 2,335 km/h); Nose Temperature: 307°F (345°F on ISA+20 day); and Range: > 1,000nmi. Design Specifications: Boom Passenger Airliner - Crew: Two; Length: 170', Wingspan: 60'; Passengers: 45 standard (up to 55 in high density); Flight attendants: Up to 4; Lavatories: 2; Powerplane: 3X non-afterburning medium bypass turbofan; proprietary variable geometry intake and exhaust; Aerodynamics: Chine, refined delta wing with swept trailing edge; Long Range Cruise: Mach 2.2 (1,451mph, 2,335 km/h); Nose Temperature: 307°F (345°F on ISA+20 day); and Maximum Design Route: 9,000nm (4,500nm unrefueled).


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 4M Research, Inc. United States A E Wolffe Limited United States A&G Machine, Inc. United States A-1 Machining Co. Inc. United States a.i. solutions, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      March 7, 2017
			    
--



Merger/Acquisition

			      November 10, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Boom Technology, Inc., please visit boomsupersonic.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Dynamic Materials Corporation (BOOM) - Stock Predictions & Price Targets














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




HOME
 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN


















      Dynamic Materials Corporation (BOOM)
    




                Median target price: 
                                            $14.5
                  (10% downside)
          
            Positive ratings: 


                                           

                    100%
                  

                of 1 analyst


                    Latest:     Roth Capital | buy | $14.5  | 
                                              10/31
                
              

View all analyst ratings  for BOOM  »
          





































Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




HOME
 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN






















Analyst Ranking





 

                    Name
                  

                    Measured Ratings
                  

                    Sucess Rate
                  

                    Avg Return
                  





                      1.
                    
Mizuho
15


                        73%
                    


                        20.57
                          %
                      




                      2.
                    
Credit Suisse
16


                        75%
                    


                        10.49
                          %
                      




                      3.
                    
Jefferies
26


                        58%
                    


                        7.91
                          %
                      




                      4.
                    
Cantor Fitzgerald
11


                        82%
                    


                        8.50
                          %
                      




                      5.
                    
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
15


                        67%
                    


                        7.85
                          %
                      




                      6.
                    
JMP Securities
20


                        65%
                    


                        4.62
                          %
                      




                      7.
                    
Goldman Sachs
21


                        67%
                    


                        3.28
                          %
                      




                      8.
                    
Raymond James
13


                        77%
                    


                        2.89
                          %
                      




                      9.
                    
FBR Capital Markets
21


                        57%
                    


                        2.45
                          %
                      




                      10.
                    
William Blair
24


                        54%
                    


                        2.32
                          %
                      

























FlashRatings | Contact Us














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN









Contact FlashRatings












Your emotional state
Excited
Confused
Worried
Upset
Panicked
Angry







 


























FlashRatings | Principles














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN








FlashRatings' Principles

          1. FlashRatings' mission is to provide you - the investor - with as much honest and professional research on your investments as possible.
        

          2. We believe it's much better to get a multitude of credible opinions on an investment than to arbitrarily follow any single advisor - be it your banker, a friend, or a TV pundit.
        

          3. FlashRatings does NOT provide advice. Our job is to accurately and objectively report on analysts' credible research and opinions. The only advice FlashRatings will ever give you is to absorb as much fundamental research and different opinions as possible and make your own decisions!
         

          4. FlashRatings favors covering analysts with proven track records, but will cover all analysts as long as their research is honest and professional.
        



Sign up »





















FlashRatings | About us














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN








FlashRatings - All research for my stocks!

The most comprehensive equity research coverage available online.


          Never miss a single piece of research, upgrade, downgrade or target price change by any analyst firm on any stock!
          
          Equity research by professional analysts - especially their rationales more than their forecasts - contains far more interesting and important information about the actual fundamentals of the traded companies than can be gathered from conventional news reports.
          
          Our mission is to unlock access to valuable research on stocks for all retail investors. 
          
          
         

      
          
        



Professionals/ Institutions: Take advantage of our cost-effective subscriptions to have FlashRatings's comprehensive real-time feed delivered into your intranet and trading floor platforms. (Institutional Subscriptions)


Websites: Become a content licensing partner and display FlashRatings's popular news feed on your website. (Content Licensing)


Advertisers: Advertise with us and have FlashRatings readers, with attractive demographics, take advantage of your products. (Advertising)














