

Boston Private Wealth LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
























































boston private wealth llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Boston Private Wealth LLC operates as an investment advisory firm. The Company provides investment and wealth management, retirement planning, private banking, and trust services. Boston Private Wealth sreves clients in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

1 Federal Street
30th Floor
Boston, MA 02110
United States


Phone:
1-800-422-6172


Fax:
1-617-502-9422


Web url:
www.bostonprivatewm.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Corey A Griffin


Chief Executive Officer




Scott W Dell'Orfano


Chief Operating Officer




Steven P Gavenas


Chief Financial Officer




Thomas K Anderson "Tom"


Chief Investment Officer




Richard C Byron "Rich"


Chief Administrative Officer




Lauri B London


CCO/Associate General Counsel




David J Costigan "Dave"


Exec Mng Dir:Comprehensive




Christopher J Parker "Chris"


Executive Managing Director




William T Oberlies


Exec Mng Dir:Trust




Bradley K Wilson "Brad"


Mng Dir/Senior Portfolio Mgr




Ketan A Desai


Mng Dir/Senior Dev Officer




David M Goss


Mng Dir/Head:Proprietary




Jay Carroll


Managing Director




Marie Finnerty Delrossi


Managing Director




Susan Black


Managing Director




William J Hines


Managing Director




Tobi A Mason


Managing Director




R Brandt Heitzman


Managing Director




Gretchen Lucas


Managing Director




Carolyn S Macedo


Managing Director




Shannon L Saccocia


Managing Director



Show More


Show Less






Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































﻿






























BidaskClub Lowers Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. (MXIM) to Hold - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Maxim Integrated Products Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Maxim Integrated Products Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Intel Corporation Target of Unusually High Options Trading (INTC)
BidaskClub Lowers Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. (MXIM) to Hold
BidaskClub Downgrades Gentherm Inc (THRM) to Buy
Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Aircastle Limited (NYSE:AYR) to Hold
Amarin Corporation PLC Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (NASDAQ:AMRN)
Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “€32.00” Price Target for Evonik Industries AG (FRA:EVK)
Daimler AG (ETR:DAI) Given a €56.00 Price Target by Jefferies Group LLC Analysts
Deutsche Lufthansa AG (ETR:LHA) Given a €25.00 Price Target by HSBC Holdings plc Analysts
Kepler Capital Markets Reiterates €44.00 Price Target for GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft (ETR:G1A)
Schneider Electric SE (EPA:SU) Given a €76.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts
Canaccord Genuity Reiterates Buy Rating for QUALCOMM Incorporated (NASDAQ:QCOM)
BidaskClub Lowers Extreme Networks, Inc. (EXTR) to Hold
BHP Billiton PLC (BBL) Shares Bought by JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Meiji Yasuda Life Insurance Co Has $295,000 Position in Target Corporation (TGT)
Ameriprise Financial Inc. Has $3.43 Million Position in Transocean Ltd. (RIG)
Shake Shack, Inc. (SHAK) Shares Bought by Ameriprise Financial Inc.
Swiss National Bank Holds Position in Quanex Building Products Corporation (NYSE:NX)
Primoris Services Corporation (NASDAQ:PRIM) Shares Bought by Bank of New York Mellon Corp
Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:CTBI) Stake Raised by Bank of New York Mellon Corp
Swiss National Bank Buys 2,900 Shares of Rudolph Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:RTEC)







BidaskClub Lowers Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. (MXIM) to Hold


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments




Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. (NASDAQ:MXIM) was downgraded by stock analysts at BidaskClub from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report issued on Monday.
Several other research analysts have also commented on MXIM. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Maxim Integrated Products from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $51.00 price target on the stock in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Macquarie started coverage on shares of Maxim Integrated Products in a report on Friday, March 31st. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $52.00 price target on the stock. MKM Partners started coverage on shares of Maxim Integrated Products in a report on Friday, April 7th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $48.00 price target on the stock. Drexel Hamilton  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $52.00 price target (up previously from $46.00) on shares of Maxim Integrated Products in a report on Friday, April 14th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $50.00 price target (up previously from $44.00) on shares of Maxim Integrated Products in a report on Friday, April 14th. One research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued  a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $47.61.


 Get Maxim Integrated Products Inc. alerts:



Shares of Maxim Integrated Products (NASDAQ:MXIM) traded down 1.29% on Monday, hitting $44.52. 2,514,152 shares of the company were exchanged. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $46.35 and a 200 day moving average price of $45.15. Maxim Integrated Products has a 52-week low of $37.25 and a 52-week high of $49.70. The firm has a market cap of $12.59 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.48 and a beta of 1.04. 





Maxim Integrated Products (NASDAQ:MXIM) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, July 20th. The semiconductor company reported $0.63 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.62 by $0.01. Maxim Integrated Products had a net margin of 24.90% and a return on equity of 28.45%. The business had revenue of $602 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $609.52 million. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $0.49 EPS. The company’s revenue was up 6.3% on a year-over-year basis.  Analysts predict that  Maxim Integrated Products will post $2.34 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
Maxim Integrated Products declared that its board has approved a share repurchase program on Thursday, July 20th that allows the company to repurchase $1.00 billion in    shares. This repurchase authorization allows the semiconductor company to reacquire up to 7.4% of its shares through open market purchases. Shares repurchase programs are usually an indication that the company’s board of directors believes its stock is undervalued. 
WARNING: “BidaskClub Lowers Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. (MXIM) to Hold” was  published by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/25/bidaskclub-lowers-maxim-integrated-products-inc-mxim-to-hold.html. 
In other Maxim Integrated Products news, CEO Tunc Doluca sold 6,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, June 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $49.00, for a total value of $294,000.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, VP Christopher J. Neil sold 51,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $44.24, for a total value of $2,256,240.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 241,548 shares of company stock valued at $11,148,556. 1.30% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. 
Large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Breton Hill Capital Ltd. bought a new stake in  Maxim Integrated Products during the second quarter worth about $351,000.  PGGM Investments bought a new stake in  Maxim Integrated Products during the second quarter worth about $31,329,000.  Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC bought a new stake in  Maxim Integrated Products during the second quarter worth about $237,000.  Duncker Streett & Co. Inc. boosted its stake in  Maxim Integrated Products by 21.1% in the second quarter. Duncker Streett & Co. Inc. now owns 2,874 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock worth $129,000 after buying an additional 500 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, APG Asset Management N.V. boosted its stake in  Maxim Integrated Products by 55.2% in the second quarter. APG Asset Management N.V. now owns 388,958 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock worth $17,464,000 after buying an additional 138,325 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own  89.44% of the company’s stock. 
Maxim Integrated Products Company Profile
Maxim Integrated Products, Inc is engaged in designing, developing, manufacturing and marketing a range of linear and mixed-signal integrated circuits, referred to as analog circuits. The Company also provides a range of high-frequency process technologies and capabilities for use in custom designs. The Company caters to automotive, communications and data center, computing, consumer and industrial markets.







Receive News & Ratings for Maxim Integrated Products Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Maxim Integrated Products Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 


















































Boston Private































Search
Menu







						Search
					













We're redefining wealth management because you're redefining wealth.






Custom solutions to meet your personal goals for family, business and community.






Wealth management, Trust and Private Banking Experience from one Trusted Source.






A personal relationship with each client results in a truly customized approach.






Comprehensive solutions for both personal and business financial needs. 









 
The Vault Home


Recent Posts
View All

6 Common Mistakes in Financial Planning




7/21/17

Articles
Insight & Opinion

Read Post



Is your estate plan in sync with your financial plan?




7/21/17

Articles
Financial Education

Read Post



Six life events that affect your financial plan – and how to prepare for them




7/20/17

Articles
Financial Education

Read Post



 


About Boston Private
Boston Private is a leading wealth management, trust, and private banking company with a national presence. Headquartered in Boston, we serve clients from our offices located in the major markets of Boston, San Francisco, San Jose, Los Angeles and Palm Beach.
We’re committed to building a trusted relationship with each client and have the broad expertise to create comprehensive, custom solutions for their personal and business needs that are often interconnected.

As wealth creators, our clients value having one trusted resource that can help them address all of their wealth management, trust, and private banking needs.
More About Boston Private





Have Us Contact You





Name



Email



Phone



Region


New England
San Francisco Bay Area
Southern California
Other




Business Area


Deposit & Cash Management
Residential Mortgage
Wealth Management
Trust & Fiduciary Services
Commercial Lending
Community Investment
Client Services
Online Banking Services
Loan Servicing
The Association for Private Partnerships




Message





Send





Sign Up Now
Get these insights and more delivered to your inbox once every quarter in Perspectives for Business, a quarterly newsletter designed for our business clients.  
Sign Up for Perspectives for Business


  














Copeland Capital Management LLC Acquires 13,330 Shares of Rockwell Automation, Inc. (NYSE:ROK) | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Rockwell Automation Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rockwell Automation Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Allete, Inc. (ALE) Stake Cut by Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc.					

Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Has $998,000 Position in Texas Capital Bancshares, Inc. (TCBI)					

Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Cuts Stake in Pebblebrook Hotel Trust (PEB)					

FY2017 EPS Estimates for PPG Industries, Inc. Decreased by Analyst (NYSE:PPG)					

FY2017 EPS Estimates for Prologis, Inc. Boosted by KeyCorp (NYSE:PLD)					

Copeland Capital Management LLC Acquires 13,330 Shares of Rockwell Automation, Inc. (NYSE:ROK)					

Copeland Capital Management LLC Has $13.55 Million Position in MarketAxess Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:MKTX)					

Capital One Financial Corporation (NYSE:COF) to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $2.18 Per Share, Oppenheimer Holdings Forecasts					

Forward Air Corporation (NASDAQ:FWRD) Shares Sold by Thomson Horstmann & Bryant Inc.					

Steven Madden, Ltd. (SHOO) Shares Sold by Thomson Horstmann & Bryant Inc.					

Thomson Horstmann & Bryant Inc. Has $1.37 Million Position in Neogen Corporation (NEOG)					

Thomson Horstmann & Bryant Inc. Purchases 70,195 Shares of S&W Seed Company (NASDAQ:SANW)					

KeyCorp Research Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Crown Castle International Corporation (CCI)					

AppFolio, Inc. (APPF) Major Shareholder Global Fund Ii L.P. Dragoneer Sells 75,000 Shares of Stock					

WebMD Health Corp (WBMD) Downgraded by Citigroup Inc. to “Neutral”					

POWERSHARES GLBAL FUNDS IRELAND PLC POWERSHARES EQQQ NASDAQ-100 UCITS ETF (NASDAQ:IRELAND) Downgraded by Craig Hallum to “Hold”					

S&P Global Analysts Give Vossloh AG (VOS) a €63.00 Price Target					

Joules Group PLC (JOUL) Given “Buy” Rating at FinnCap					

Luceco PLC (LUCE) Upgraded by Numis Securities Ltd to “Add”					

Provident Financial plc’s (PFG) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt					





 





						Copeland Capital Management LLC Acquires 13,330 Shares of Rockwell Automation, Inc. (NYSE:ROK)					

						 July 26th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Trevor Kearing 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Copeland Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of  Rockwell Automation, Inc. (NYSE:ROK) by 26.7% during the second quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 63,264 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 13,330 shares during the period. Copeland Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Rockwell Automation were worth $10,246,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
A number of other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in ROK. Quadrature Capital Ltd acquired a new stake in  Rockwell Automation during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $2,084,000.  Teachers Advisors LLC increased its stake in  Rockwell Automation by 59.1% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 291,486 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $39,176,000 after buying an additional 108,330 shares during the period.  Kentucky Retirement Systems acquired a new stake in  Rockwell Automation during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $1,251,000.  Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund acquired a new stake in  Rockwell Automation during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $558,000.  Finally, Macquarie Group Ltd. increased its stake in  Rockwell Automation by 97.5% in the fourth quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 7,900 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,062,000 after buying an additional 3,900 shares during the period. 73.50% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 
Rockwell Automation, Inc. (NYSE:ROK) traded down 1.81% on Wednesday, hitting $160.14. 521,714 shares of the company traded hands. Rockwell Automation, Inc. has a 1-year low of $111.52 and a 1-year high of $167.97. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $162.76 and its 200 day moving average price is $155.21. The firm has a market capitalization of $20.63 billion, a PE ratio of 26.73 and a beta of 1.17. 




Rockwell Automation (NYSE:ROK) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, July 26th. The industrial products company reported $1.76 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.64 by $0.12. The company had revenue of $1.60 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.58 billion. Rockwell Automation had a return on equity of 39.71% and a net margin of 12.88%. The firm’s revenue was up 8.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the business posted $1.55 earnings per share.  Equities research analysts predict that  Rockwell Automation, Inc. will post $6.66 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, September 11th. Stockholders of record on Monday, August 14th will be given a $0.76 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, August 10th. This represents a $3.04 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.86%. Rockwell Automation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 50.75%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Copeland Capital Management LLC Acquires 13,330 Shares of Rockwell Automation, Inc. (NYSE:ROK)” was  published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this article can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/26/copeland-capital-management-llc-acquires-13330-shares-of-rockwell-automation-inc-nyserok.html. 
ROK has been the topic of several recent research reports. Credit Suisse Group  reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $145.00 price objective on shares of Rockwell Automation in a report on Thursday, March 30th. Gabelli raised shares of Rockwell Automation from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. Barclays PLC increased their price target on shares of Rockwell Automation from $166.00 to $167.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. Stifel Nicolaus increased their price target on shares of Rockwell Automation from $159.00 to $167.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, April 28th. Finally, Morgan Stanley increased their price target on shares of Rockwell Automation from $153.00 to $167.00 and gave the stock an “equal weight” rating in a report on Friday, April 28th. One research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have given a hold rating and three have assigned  a buy rating to the company. Rockwell Automation currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $148.53.
In other news, SVP Sujeet Chand sold 9,500 shares of Rockwell Automation stock in a transaction on Wednesday, May 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $159.72, for a total value of $1,517,340.00. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 46,873 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $7,486,555.56. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, Director William T. Jr/Wi Mccormick sold 432 shares of Rockwell Automation stock in a transaction on Monday, May 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $158.07, for a total value of $68,286.24. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 9,109 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,439,859.63. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders sold 129,605 shares of company stock worth $20,469,855. Company insiders own  1.65% of the company’s stock. 
Rockwell Automation Company Profile
Rockwell Automation, Inc (Rockwell Automation) is a provider of industrial automation power, control and information solutions for manufacturers. The Company operates through two segments: Architecture & Software and Control Products & Solutions. The Architecture & Software segment contains various hardware, software and communication components of the Company’s integrated control and information architecture capable of controlling the customer’s industrial processes and connecting with their manufacturing enterprise.






Receive News & Ratings for Rockwell Automation Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rockwell Automation Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 


























































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















﻿





























Boston Private Wealth LLC Has $841,000 Stake in Morgan Stanley (MS) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Morgan Stanley

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Morgan Stanley with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

LMR Partners LLP Invests $30.66 Million in Enbridge Inc (ENB)
Summit Financial Wealth Advisors LLC Maintains Position in Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT)
Boston Private Wealth LLC Has $841,000 Stake in Morgan Stanley (MS)
First Interstate Bank Maintains Position in Allstate Corporation (The) (ALL)
Tredje AP fonden Has $5.05 Million Stake in Clorox Company (The) (CLX)
Fmr LLC Has $98.34 Million Stake in La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (NASDAQ:LJPC)
Cowen and Company Increases Portola Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:PTLA) Price Target to $70.00
Kimberly-Clark Corporation (NYSE:KMB) Shares Bought by Bank of New York Mellon Corp
MUFG Americas Holdings Corp Sells 1,229 Shares of Dow Chemical Company (The) (NYSE:DOW)
Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) Shares Bought by Baystate Wealth Management LLC
American Electric Power Company, Inc. (AEP) Shares Bought by Axa
Sfmg LLC Has $462,000 Position in Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA)
Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) is Tompkins Financial Corp’s 10th Largest Position
Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (APD) Shares Bought by Cadence Capital Management LLC
Apple Inc. (AAPL) is Banced Corp’s Largest Position
Mount Vernon Associates Inc. MD Holds Position in AT&T Inc. (T)
Watsco, Inc. (WSO) Shares Sold by Envestnet Asset Management Inc.
WFG Advisors LP Sells 2,409 Shares of Aflac Incorporated (AFL)
Feltz Wealth PLAN Inc. Acquires Shares of 2,815 J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM)
Brokerages Anticipate Novadaq Technologies Inc (NVDQ) to Announce -$0.23 EPS







Boston Private Wealth LLC Has $841,000 Stake in Morgan Stanley (MS)


					Posted by Charlotte Bryant on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments




Boston Private Wealth LLC increased its stake in shares of  Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) by 4.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 19,633 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after buying an additional 776 shares during the period. Boston Private Wealth LLC’s holdings in Morgan Stanley were worth $841,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
A number of other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Westpac Banking Corp increased its position in  Morgan Stanley by 28.5% in the first quarter. Westpac Banking Corp now owns 330,925 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $9,425,000 after buying an additional 73,424 shares during the last quarter.  SG Americas Securities LLC increased its position in  Morgan Stanley by 113.2% in the first quarter. SG Americas Securities LLC now owns 206,426 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $8,843,000 after buying an additional 1,773,467 shares during the last quarter.  LGT Capital Partners LTD. increased its position in  Morgan Stanley by 17.4% in the first quarter. LGT Capital Partners LTD. now owns 292,900 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $12,548,000 after buying an additional 43,480 shares during the last quarter.  Capital Investment Advisors LLC increased its position in  Morgan Stanley by 7.1% in the first quarter. Capital Investment Advisors LLC now owns 10,859 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $465,000 after buying an additional 724 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Tredje AP fonden increased its position in  Morgan Stanley by 6.1% in the first quarter. Tredje AP fonden now owns 122,780 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $5,260,000 after buying an additional 7,044 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own  85.26% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Morgan Stanley alerts:



Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) traded up 0.17% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $46.59. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 9,021,263 shares. Morgan Stanley has a 1-year low of $27.79 and a 1-year high of $47.33. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $44.81 and a 200 day moving average price of $43.93. The firm has a market cap of $85.73 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.34 and a beta of 1.63. 





Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, July 19th. The financial services provider reported $0.87 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.76 by $0.11. Morgan Stanley had a return on equity of 9.86% and a net margin of 16.77%. The business had revenue of $9.50 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $9.05 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.75 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was up 6.7% on a year-over-year basis.  On average, equities research analysts expect that  Morgan Stanley will post $3.49 EPS for the current year. 
Morgan Stanley declared that its Board of Directors has authorized a share buyback plan on Wednesday, June 28th that permits the company to repurchase $5.00 billion in  outstanding  shares. This repurchase authorization permits the financial services provider to reacquire up to 6.1% of its stock  through open market purchases. Stock  repurchase plans are typically a sign that the company’s management believes its shares are undervalued. 
The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 15th. Stockholders of record on Monday, July 31st will be issued a dividend of $0.25 per share. This is a boost from Morgan Stanley’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.20. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, July 27th. This represents a $1.00 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.15%. Morgan Stanley’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 22.92%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was first  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/23/boston-private-wealth-llc-has-841000-stake-in-morgan-stanley-ms-updated-updated-updated.html. 
A number of brokerages recently weighed in on MS. Vetr raised Morgan Stanley from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $41.36 price objective on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, April 4th. Zacks Investment Research raised Morgan Stanley from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $50.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, June 13th. J P Morgan Chase & Co  reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Morgan Stanley in a research report on Thursday, March 30th. BMO Capital Markets raised their price target on Morgan Stanley from $58.00 to $61.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a report on Thursday. Finally, Royal Bank Of Canada  reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $50.00 price target on shares of Morgan Stanley in a report on Tuesday, June 6th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued  a hold rating, seventeen have given a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the company. Morgan Stanley presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $47.61.
In other news, CFO Jonathan Pruzan sold 25,767 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, July 20th. The stock was sold at an average price of $46.68, for a total transaction of $1,202,803.56. Following the sale, the chief financial officer now owns 196,708 shares in the company, valued at $9,182,329.44. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, Chairman James P. Gorman sold 212,365 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, May 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $42.93, for a total value of $9,116,829.45. Following the sale, the chairman now owns 1,389,378 shares in the company, valued at approximately $59,645,997.54. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.35% of the stock is owned by company insiders. 
Morgan Stanley Company Profile
Morgan Stanley is a financial holding company. The Company’s segments include Institutional Securities, Wealth Management and Investment Management. The Company’s Institutional Securities business segment provides investment banking, sales and trading, and other services to corporations, governments, financial institutions and high-to-ultra high net worth clients.







Receive News & Ratings for Morgan Stanley Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Morgan Stanley and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 













































Officers & Directors | Boston Private Financial Holdings, Inc.Open Sidr MenuToggle navigationInvestor RelationsCorporate InformationCorporate ProfileOfficers & DirectorsCommittee ChartingCorporate GovernancePresentations & WebcastsStock InformationStock InformationCapital OfferingsDividendsHistoric PricesBasis CalculatorTotal Return CalculatorAnalyst CoverageDocumentsSEC FilingsFinancial DocumentsSection 16 FilingsInsider TransactionsInstitutional OwnershipFinancial InformationFinancial HighlightsBalance SheetIncome StatementPeer AnalysisDeposit MarketshareDeposit/Loan CompositionBranch MapAs Reported FinancialsBalance SheetIncome StatementCash Flow StatementNews & EventsNewsEvent CalendarMergers & AcquisitionsOther InformationInformation RequestEmail NotificationRSS FeedsCompany TearsheetSite MapOfficers & Directors Entire IR Site
                   Press Releases Only
                   Filings Only
                 Click on a person's name or image to view his or her biography. Click on a person's name to view his or her biography.Senior Management   Clayton G. DeutschChief Executive Officer and PresidentMr. Deutsch is Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, which he joined in August 2010, and is also the Chief Executive Officer of the Bank. Mr. Deutsch is a member of the Company’s Leadership Team and has over 30 years of experience in the financial services industry. He began his career in banking in the 1970s at Society Corporation, the predecessor to Key Corp. Prior to joining the Company, he was a director at McKinsey & Company, which he joined in 1980, and served as Global Leader of that firm’s Merger Management Practice. During his time at McKinsey, he developed deep experience working with many leading financial institutions, with a particular focus in the private banking, wealth advisory, and wealth management sectors, as he helped establish and build McKinsey’s Financial Services practice globally. As a senior leader at McKinsey, Mr. Deutsch managed the Midwest complex of McKinsey offices including Chicago, Pittsburgh, Minneapolis, Cleveland and Detroit, and founded and led the Great Lakes Financial Services practice. Throughout his career with McKinsey, he consulted with financial services providers and other businesses on global strategy development, performance improvement, mergers and acquisitions strategy and corporate governance, among other areas. Mr. Deutsch also served as Chairman of McKinsey’s Principal Review Committee, a member of the Director Review Committee, a long-time member of the Shareholders Council (McKinsey’s board of directors) and Chair of the Professional Standards Committee. Mr. Deutsch serves as a member of the board of directors of each of the Company’s operating subsidiaries. In addition to Mr. Deutsch’s management expertise, he brings to our Board extensive knowledge of financial services strategies. His skills at directing corporate strategy provide our Board with a valuable resource as the Company expands its strategic direction.   Margaret W. ChambersExecutive Vice President,General Counsel and Corporate SecretaryMs. Chambers is Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary for the Company and also serves in these same positions for Boston Private Bank & Trust Company. She has over 25 years of experience in the legal arena focusing on financial services matters. She is responsible for overseeing the Company’s operations from a legal perspective including merger and acquisition activities, divestitures, regulatory examinations, corporate governance, board materials and relations, regulatory filings, real estate, risk management and compliance, employment and insurance matters. She also works as part of the executive management team on strategic planning and related matters. Prior to joining the Company in 2002, Ms. Chambers served as Executive Vice President and General Counsel for Funds Distributor, Inc., a Boston Institutional Group company. Before joining Funds Distributor, she served as Vice President and Assistant General Counsel at the investment management firm of Loomis, Sayles & Company, L.P. Prior to her position with Loomis, she was an associate with the law firm of Ropes & Gray LLP focusing on securities regulatory matters, including investment company, investment advisory, broker-dealer, and securities offering matters. She currently serves on the Board of Directors of KLS Professional Advisors Group, LLC, and is the secretary of Boston Private Wealth LLC, both of which are affiliates of the Company.   Corey A. GriffinChief Executive Officer, Boston Private WealthMr. Griffin became a consultant for the Company in September 2013 and joined the Company as an employee in May 2014. He is currently CEO of Boston Private Wealth LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Boston Private Bank & Trust Company (the “Bank”); Executive Vice President of the Bank and the Company; and Chief Executive Officer – Wealth Management and Trust Segment. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Griffin served as President of The Davis Companies, an institutional real estate investment manager, from September 2011 to February 2013. From 1994 to 2011 he worked with Bank of New York Mellon where he served as Chairman and CEO of The Boston Company Asset Management from 2002 to 2009. Under Mr. Griffin’s leadership, the Boston Company opened offices worldwide while developing a $75 billion global, multi-strategy equity business across the style and capitalization spectrum with clients in North and South America, Europe, Asia and Africa. He also served as a member of the Bank of New York Mellon’s Operating, Ethics, and Product Development Committees and as a board member of Standish Mellon Asset Management.   Martha T. HigginsExecutive Vice President,Chief Human Resources OfficerMs. Higgins joined the Company in 2008 as Executive Vice President and is currently the Company’s and the Bank’s Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer. She is responsible for enterprise-wide human capital initiatives and serves as an advisor to senior management and to the Company’s affiliate partners on human capital strategy, workforce planning and overall organizational effectiveness. In addition, she supports the Company’s Board Compensation, Governance and Executive Committee and serves as Chair of the Company’s 401(k) Committee. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Higgins was a Senior Consultant at W.T. Haigh & Company, an executive compensation and human resources consulting firm in Cambridge, Massachusetts. She has over 25 years of experience working in the financial services industry. Ms. Higgins started her career at The Boston Company and also worked for Fidelity Investments as a Senior Compensation Consultant. She is a member of the Society for Human Resources Management, the New England Human Resources Association and the National Association of Stock Plan Professionals. Ms. Higgins is a Certified Equity Professional (CEP) and is also a certified professional coach.   David J. KayeExecutive Vice President,Chief Financial and Administrative OfficerMr. Kaye joined the Company in 2007 and is currently Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Administrative Officer, and he also serves in these capacities for the Bank. Before joining the Company, Mr. Kaye served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Columbia Management, Bank of America’s asset management organization. He led a team of finance professionals with responsibility for all financial reporting for the organization and served as a strategic advisor to the group’s President. Prior to that position, Mr. Kaye was the Chief Financial Officer of Bank of America’s Private Bank. Previously, Mr. Kaye was the Vice President and Controller for Goldman Sachs Asset Management, heading a team that performed all financial reporting functions for the division. Earlier in his career, he held several finance positions at Lehman Brothers, and was a consultant with Coopers & Lybrand Consulting. He is a Certified Management Accountant (CMA). Mr. Kaye serves on the boards of directors of Bingham, Osborn & Scarborough LLC, Anchor Capital Advisors LLC, the Bank, and Boston Private Wealth LLC, all of which are affiliates of the Company.   W. Timothy MacDonaldExecutive Vice President,Chief Risk OfficerMr. MacDonald joined the Company in 2009. First serving as Senior Vice President, Deputy Chief Risk Officer, he was named Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer of Boston Private Bank & Trust Company in March 2011 and, in January 2013, Mr. MacDonald was elected Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer of the Company. As Chief Risk Officer, Mr. MacDonald oversees all aspects of the Enterprise Risk Management program that includes Risk Analytics, Model Risk Management, Operational Risk Management, Financial Intelligence Unit, Information Security, and Loan Review functions. He is authorized to discharge the program in a manner consistent with the Company’s current and anticipated risk profile and strategic plan. Mr. MacDonald functions as chair of the Risk Management Steering Committee and as a member of the Executive Loan Committee, Asset/Liability Committee, and Operational Risk Management Committee as well as other governing committees of the Company. He previously held key positions at GE Capital from 2006 to 2009, where he was responsible for overseeing various initiatives as Vice President of Risk Monitoring and Controllership. Mr. MacDonald has also worked with KPMG LLP, the Federal Reserve System and Shawmut Bank. He is a CFA charterholder and an active member of various professional risk management associations.Board of Directors   Mark F. FurlongDirectorMr. Furlong was elected to the Board in September 2016. Mr. Furlong retired as President and Chief Executive Officer of BMO Harris Bank, N.A. in 2015, a role he assumed upon the close of the acquisition of Marshall & Ilsley Corporation by BMO Financial Group in 2011. He joined Marshall & Ilsley Corporation in 2001 as Chief Financial Officer, was elected President in 2004, Chief Executive Officer in 2007, and Chairman in 2010. Prior to joining Marshall & Ilsley, he was Chief Financial Officer of Old Kent Financial Corp.; First Vice President, Corporate Development for H. F. Ahmanson & Company; a partner for Deloitte; and a manager for KPMG LLP. Mr. Furlong also is a member of the boards of directors of Kforce Inc. and Antares Capital.  Mr. Furlong is the immediate past-Chair of Chicago United, the largest Chicago-based organization focused solely on businesses, addressing diversity in boards of directors, management, and supplier relationships. He is a board member of One Hope United, a social services organization focused on families; Chicago Board of Education; Chicago Teachers’ Pension Fund; Northwestern Memorial Hospital Finance Committee; the Northwestern Memorial Foundation; and World Business Chicago.  He is the founding and immediate past-Chair of LEAP Innovations.  During his tenure in Milwaukee he was involved in numerous civic activities, including the roles of Chair of both Junior Achievement of Wisconsin and Schools That Can Milwaukee, and a member of the boards of directors of United Way of Greater Milwaukee, Wisconsin Manufacturers and Commerce, Froedtert Health, and the United Performing Arts Fund. Mr. Furlong brings unique insight to the Board concerning capital allocation strategies and banking issues, in addition to his overall management, auditing and financial expertise.   Joseph C. GuyauxDirectorMr. Guyaux was elected to the Board in September 2016. He retired in 2016 from PNC Financial Services Group, Inc., where he worked for 44 years and served as President from 2002 to 2012. In this role, Mr. Guyaux was head of Retail Banking, responsible for leading all of PNC Bank’s (a subsidiary of PNC Financial Services Group) consumer businesses, including consumer and business banking, wealth management and brokerage. Mr. Guyaux held several other senior leadership positions at PNC Financial Services Group, including Chief Risk Officer from 2012 to 2015.  Most recently, Mr. Guyaux served as President and CEO of PNC Mortgage, a division of PNC Bank, from 2015 to 2016. Mr. Guyaux is Chairman of the Boards of DQE Holdings, LLC, Duquesne Light Company and Highmark Health, Inc.  He also is a lead director of Highmark Inc.  He serves as a Life Trustee for Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh and as an Emeritus director for the Civic Light Opera and Duquesne University.   Deborah F. KuenstnerDirectorMs. Kuenstner is the Chief Investment Officer of Wellesley College. Before joining Wellesley College in February of 2009, Ms. Kuenstner was Chief Investment Officer and Vice President of Investment Management at Brandeis University from 2007 to January 2009. Prior to working at Brandeis, Ms. Kuenstner was Managing Director of Research for Fidelity Management & Research Company, the investment management organization of Fidelity Investments. Ms. Kuenstner was the Chief Investment Officer, Global Value, at Putnam Investments from 2000 to 2004. Her other roles at Putnam included Chief Investment Officer, International Value, and Senior Portfolio Manager, International Equities. Prior to that, she worked at DuPont Pension Fund Investment in Wilmington, Delaware as a Senior Portfolio Manager, International Equities. Ms. Kuenstner has also been a Vice President, International Investment Strategist, at Merrill Lynch, in addition to an Economist at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. Ms. Kuenstner was actively involved in the Board of Pensions of the Presbyterian Church USA from 1996-2004 as Investment Committee Chair, director, and most recently, co-opted director. Ms. Kuenstner brings to the Board valuable experience and knowledge about the financial services industry generally and, in particular, the investment management arena, along with economic and risk management expertise.   Gloria C. LarsonDirectorMs. Larson has served as the President of Bentley University since July 2007 and is the first woman to hold this position. Ms. Larson formerly served as the Co-Chair of the Government Strategies Group at the law firm of Foley Hoag LLP, and from 1996 until 2007 managed a practice that covered a broad array of federal, state and local regulatory and business development issues. Widely influential in economic policy, Ms. Larson was Secretary of Economic Affairs for The Commonwealth of Massachusetts from 1993 to 1996 and was responsible for developing and promoting economic growth policies and fostering employment opportunities. She served as The Commonwealth of Massachusetts Secretary of Consumer Affairs and Business Regulation from 1991 to 1993, where she was responsible for regulatory oversight of banking, insurance and energy, as well as consumer protection. Prior to her state service, she oversaw business and regulatory issues at the federal level as a senior official with the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), where she served as Deputy Director of Consumer Protection from 1990 to 1991 and as Attorney Advisor to Commissioner Patricia P. Bailey from 1981 to 1988. Ms. Larson has been honored and recognized by many groups for her contributions to state economic development policy and her commitment to civic engagement. Ms. Larson previously served as a member of the Council of Economic Advisors, as well as the Massachusetts Clean Energy Center and the Commonwealth’s Successful Women, Successful Families Task Force. Ms. Larson has served as a member of the Liberal Education and America’s Promise (LEAP) Presidents’ Trust and is a former member of the Executive Committee of the American College and University Presidents Climate Commitment. She served for more than a decade as Chairman of the Massachusetts Convention Center Authority (MCCA), and was the first woman to serve as Chairman of the Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce, where she continues to serve on the Chamber’s Executive Committee. Ms. Larson presently holds the post of President of the Massachusetts Conference for Women. In addition, she is a board or advisory council member of several prominent professional, charitable and civic organizations. Ms. Larson currently serves as a director of Unum Group, chairing Unum’s Regulatory Compliance Committee. She previously served as a director on the boards of KeySpan Energy and RSA Security, as well as a member of the board of Blue Cross Blue Shield of MA. Ms. Larson’s deep ties in the Massachusetts community, as well as her expertise in public company matters, and in the regulatory oversight of banking and the financial services industry bring great value to the Board of Director’s oversight and guidance of the Company as it continues to focus on its strategic goal of becoming a premier private banking and wealth management company.   John Morton IIIDirectorMr. Morton is a seasoned bank executive with over 35 years of banking and financial services experience. He has extensive experience leading organizational turnarounds, acquisition integrations, business growth and corporate governance activities. Mr. Morton was a director of Fortress International Group, Inc. from January 2007, and served as Chairman from December 2008 to January 2012, when he resigned from the board. Mr. Morton served as an advisor to Fortress International Group, Inc.’s board through the first quarter of 2012. He has been a director of Barry-Wehmiller Companies, Inc. since July 2007, and Dynamac International Inc., from the late 1980s until it was sold in early 2010. Mr. Morton served as a director of Broadwing Corporation from April 2006 to January 2007. He served as President of Premier Banking for Bank of America Corp. from August 2004 to September 2005. From 1997 to 2001, Mr. Morton served as President of the Mid-Atlantic Region, Bank of America. He was President of the Private Client Group of NationsBank from 1996 to 1997. From 1994 to 1996, he served as Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of The Boatmen’s National Bank of St. Louis, and as Chief Executive Officer of Farm and Home Financial Corporation from 1992 to 1993. In 1990 and 1991, Mr. Morton served as Perpetual Financial Corporation’s Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President. He served in the U.S. Navy as a lieutenant aboard the nuclear submarine U.S.S. George Washington Carver. He serves as Commissioner of the Maryland State Lottery and Gaming Control Commission, Director, U.S. Naval Institute, and director of the U.S. Naval Academy Foundation Athletic and Scholarship Programs. We believe Mr. Morton is a valuable nominee for the Board in light of his experience as the chairman, chief executive officer and president of several banking institutions, coupled with his service on a number of public company boards. He brings to the Board operational expertise, a deep background in the financial services industry, and a comprehensive understanding of the Company’s business.   Daniel P. NolanDirectorMr. Nolan has served as President and CEO of Hugh Johnson Advisors, LLC, a registered investment advisor located in Albany, New York, since October 2008. Mr. Nolan is also a principal in NPV Capital LLC, a private equity and real estate investment firm that he formed in July 2007. Prior to holding these positions, he was a partner in Ayco Company, L.P., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Goldman Sachs. During his 28-year career at Ayco, from August 1978 through April 2007, Mr. Nolan provided tax, investment and financial planning advice to Ayco’s highest net worth clients. He served as a Regional Vice President of two of Ayco’s regional offices and held a variety of management positions, serving on both the Senior Management Committee and the Strategic Planning Committee. Mr. Nolan founded and led the firm’s Special Investment Group, creating venture capital, private equity and hedge fund opportunities for the firm’s clients. In July 2003, Ayco was sold to The Goldman Sachs Group and Mr. Nolan led the effort to integrate Ayco into Goldman’s Private Wealth Management practice. He previously served on the board of Capital Bank & Trust, a community bank headquartered in Albany, New York. Mr. Nolan has been a trustee of Albany Law School since May 2011 and a trustee of The College of St. Rose since May 1989. Mr. Nolan has been a member of the board of directors of Combate Americas, LLC since January 2017, a member of the board of directors of NSC de Puerto Rico, Inc. since June 1998, a member of the Center for Disability Services Endowment since May 2013, and a member of the College Affairs Committee of the Albany Medical Center board of directors since August 2012. Mr. Nolan’s proven business acumen, as demonstrated by his success in founding and leading several companies, is a valuable resource as the Company continues to build on its current strategy. He has significant leadership, operational and investment management and financial expertise. Further, Mr. Nolan offers the Board a unique and valuable perspective into a number of important areas, including strategic planning and wealth management.   Kimberly S. StevensonDirectorMs. Stevenson is an independent director and joined the Company’s Board of Directors in 2015. She  is SVP and General Manager of Data Center Infrastructure at Lenovo.   Prior to Lenovo, Ms. Stevenson was chief operating officer for Intel’s Client and Internet of Things Businesses and Systems Architecture (CISA) Group  In this role, Ms. Stevenson was responsible for CISA’s operational excellence, strategic planning process and related cross-company coordination. She also served on Intel’s management committee. Prior to the COO role, Ms. Stevenson served as Intel’s Chief Information Officer (CIO) from 2012 until August 2016. Previously, Ms. Stevenson held the position of Vice President and General Manager of Intel’s Global IT Operations and Services. Prior to joining Intel, Ms. Stevenson spent seven years at the former HP Enterprise Services, now DXC Technology, holding a variety of positions including vice president of its Worldwide Communications, Media and Entertainment (CM&E) Industry Practice, as well as the vice president of Enterprise Service Management, where she oversaw the global development and delivery of enterprise services. Before joining EDS, Ms. Stevenson spent 18 years at IBM, from February 1983 to September 2002, in several executive positions, including vice president of Marketing and Operations of the eServer iSeries division. She previously served on the board of directors of Cloudera until 2017 and served as a director on the board of Riverbed Technology until 2015. With the financial services industry increasingly reliant on technology, Ms. Stevenson’s deep operational and technology experience serve to enhance the Board’s overall makeup.   Stephen M. WatersChairman of the BoardMr. Waters is Chairman of the Boards of the Company and the Bank, and is Managing Partner of Compass Partners Advisors LLP and its advisory and investment subsidiaries. He founded Compass Partners in 1996. Previously, Mr. Waters spent over 20 years advising corporate and financial entities both in the U.S. and internationally. Mr. Waters served from 1992 to 1996 as Co-Chief Executive Officer of Morgan Stanley, Europe, and was a member of Morgan Stanley’s worldwide 12-person Operating Committee. Mr. Waters joined Morgan Stanley as a Managing Director in the Mergers and Acquisitions Department in June 1988 and was Co-Director of that department from January 1990 to early 1992. Mr. Waters was Co-Director of the Mergers and Acquisition Department at Shearson Lehman Brothers from 1985 to 1988. He serves on the board of directors of Valero Energy Corporation where he sits on the audit committee. Mr. Waters brings over 40 years of specific and relevant financial services experience to the Board, along with a deep understanding and practical knowledge of the investment management business.   Donna C. WellsDirectorMs. Wells joined the Board in 2014.  Until her retirement in June 2017, Ms. Wells was President and CEO of Mindflash Technologies, Inc., a private, Palo Alto, California company providing a market-leading cloud-based platform for employee and customer training. Prior to joining Mindflash in 2010, Ms. Wells had a nearly 20-year career in the financial services industry, including experience leading transitions from offline to online business models within Fortune 1000 companies and successfully disrupting established players with small, start-up teams as a serial entrepreneur. Ms. Wells began her career at American Express in 1989 as a member of the Corporate Strategic Planning group and later held positions of increasing responsibility in that company’s Consumer and Corporate Card businesses. From 1997 to 2000, she helped establish a new, strategic product development function for Charles Schwab’s retail business and ultimately held responsibility for product development and marketing to customer segments representing 70% of all Schwab client households. This early experience with the power and scale afforded by online financial service delivery drove Ms. Wells to leadership roles with three of the most innovative companies in this space from 2000 through 2009: MyCFO Wealth Management (sold to Harris Bank), Intuit and Mint.com (sold to Intuit). Ms. Wells’ teams’ work has won multiple Webbys (the “Oscars of the Internet”) and recognition as a Tech Pioneer by the World Economic Forum in Davos. She has been named a Top 25 Women in Tech to Watch by Accenture and a Marketing Executive of the Year Finalist by the Wall Street Journal. Her company, Mindflash, was named a Top 50 Small Workplace in the US by Fortune magazine in 2016. Ms. Wells brings to the Board extensive experience in the financial services industry and expertise in online marketing and business models delivery.   Lizabeth H. ZlatkusDirectorMs. Zlatkus serves as a director on the board of Indivior PLC, which she joined in September 2016. She has also served on the Pennsylvania State University Business School Board since September 2003 and the Connecticut Science Center Trustee Board since December 2010. Ms. Zlatkus held many senior leadership positions during her tenure at The Hartford Financial Services Group from 1983 to 2011. These included her role as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Risk Officer of the company, as well as Co-President of Hartford Life Insurance Companies. Ms. Zlatkus has been recognized for her professional achievements and contributions to the community. Hillary Clinton recognized her work supporting the disability community in 1999, and she has participated as a member of The President’s Committee on Employment of People with Disabilities. Ms. Zlatkus was named one of the top 100 women executives by Business Insurance magazine, named to the Women Worth Watching List by the Profiles in Diversity Journal, and was named as the Community Leader of the Year by the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation’s Connecticut Chapter. Ms. Zlatkus served as Regulatory Chair for the North American Chief Risk Officers Council. She was a member on the Hewlett Packard Financial Services Board of Advisors, the LOMA board of directors, and a Trustee of the Connecticut Women’s Hall of Fame. Ms. Zlatkus was selected as an Alumni Fellow of The Pennsylvania State University in 2003 and served as the commencement speaker for the business school in 2013. Ms. Zlatkus’s extensive experience in the financial services arena, where she has deep expertise in risk and finance, regulation, governance, and operations, brings unique insight to the Board. Copyright 2017, © SNL Financial LC  Terms of UseBoston Private Wealth Partners, LLC Company Profile | Financial Information, Competitors and ExecutivesCATEGORIESCITIESSign InFind Companies > Boston Private Wealth Partners, LLCBBoston Private Wealth Partners, LLCEDITLocationQuincy, MARevenue$–Total Funding$–Founded2012Employees3StageprivateCompany Websitebostonprivatewealthpartners.com/LinkedInlinkedin.com/Boston Private Wealth Partners, LLCbostonprivatewealthpartners.comKeywordscomprehensive financial planning,investment management,retirement income planning,estate conservation,executive benefits designBoston Private Wealth Partners, LLC CompetitorsCCapstone Financial, LLCWe provide services as Atlanta Financial Advisors in financial planning...WWealth Design GroupAt Wealth Design Group, we offer an array of specialized strategies to...RRinehart Wealth ManagementRinehart Wealth Management was established almost three decades ago as one...See 2 more with a free trialRecent News from Boston Private Wealth Partners, LLCNo recent news on Boston Private Wealth Partners, LLC could be found.Submit recent news for Boston Private Wealth Partners, LLCBusiness Data in your WorkflowSave time and work smarter with fresh data on companies, leads, and contactsLearn about DataFox APIs and Data324 5th Street 
San Francisco, CA 94107 (415) 969-2144info@datafox.comLinkedInTwitterDataFoxProductWho Benefits?CustomersCompanyBlogLearn MoreAccount-based MarketingSales Prospecting TipsSales Operations StrategyFastest-Growing Tech Companies By RegionTourSalesforce IntegrationSlack IntegrationChrome ExtensionDataFox APISupportEmail UsHelp CenterPrivacy PolicyTerms of Servicebanyanpartners.net -&nbspThis website is for sale! -&nbspbanyanpartners Resources and Information.This domain is expired. For renewal instructions please click here.












Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


