

Interactive Data Intelligence | IDI









































Contact Us


Site Navigation
Home
Industries

idiCore
idiVerified
Batch Processing


Our Company


Partners

Careers

Investors








Home > About Us > Board of Directors 


Board of DirectorsMichael H. Brauser – Executive Chairman
Mr. Michael H. Brauser has served on our Board of Directors since June 2015. Mr. Brauser has been the manager of, and an investor with, Marlin Capital Partners, LLC (“Marlin Capital”), a private investment company, since 2003. From 1999 to 2002, he served as president and chief executive officer of Naviant, Inc. (eDirect, Inc.), an internet marketing company. He also was a founder of Seisint, Inc. (eData.com, Inc.). Mr. Brauser served as co-chairman of the board of directors of InterCLICK (now a part of Yahoo Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO)), from August 2007 to December 2011. Mr. Brauser also served as co-chairman of the board of directors of Chromodex, Inc., an innovative natural products company, from October 2011 to February 2015.

Phillip Frost, M.D. – Vice Chairman
Dr. Phillip Frost, 78, has served as chairman of the board and chief executive officer of OPKO Health, Inc., a multi-national biopharmaceutical and diagnostics company since March 2007. Dr. Frost has served as chairman of the board of directors of Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. (“Ladenburg”), an investment banking, asset management, and securities brokerage firm, in July 2006 and served as a director of Ladenburg from 2001 through 2002 and beginning again in 2004. Since October 2008, Dr. Frost has served as a director of Castle Brands Inc. and previously served as a director of Castle Brands from September 2005 to August 2007. Dr. Frost also serves as director for CoCrystal Pharma, Inc., a biotechnology company, and Sevion Therapeutics, Inc. (formerly Senesco Technologies, Inc.), a clinical-stage biotech company specializing in cancer therapeutics. He also serves as chairman of Temple Emanu-El, as a member of the Florida Council of 100 and as a trustee for each of the University of Miami, the Miami Jewish Home for the Aged and the Mount Sinai Medical Center. From 1972 to 1990, Dr. Frost was the chairman of the Department of Dermatology at Mt. Sinai Medical Center of Greater Miami, Miami Beach, Florida. Dr. Frost served as a director of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. from January 2006, when Teva acquired IVAX Corporation, until February 2015 and served as chairman of the board of directors of Teva from March 2010 until December 2014 and as vice chairman from January 2006 until March 2010. Dr. Frost was chairman of the board of directors of Key Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from 1972 until its acquisition by Schering Plough Corporation in 1986 and served as chairman of the board of directors and chief executive officer of IVAX from 1987 to January 2006. Dr. Frost previously served as a director of Northrop Grumman Corp., Continucare Corp. (until its merger with Metropolitan Health Networks, Inc.), PROLOR Biotech, Inc. (until it was acquired by OPKO Health, Inc.), Ideation Acquisition Corp. (now IDI, Inc.) and TransEnterix, Inc., and as governor and co-vice-chairman of the American Stock Exchange (now NYSE MKT).

Steven D. Rubin – Independent Director
Mr. Steven D. Rubin has served as a member of the Board of Directors since SearchMedia’s merger with Ideation Acquisition Corp. in October 2009 and after SearchMedia changed its name to Tiger Media on December 14, 2013. Mr. Rubin served as the Secretary of Ideation from June 2007 to October 2009. Mr. Rubin has served as Executive Vice President-Administration and as a director of Opko Health, Inc. since March 2007. He is also a member of The Frost Group. Mr. Rubin served as the Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of IVAX Corporation from August 2001 until September 2006. Before joining IVAX, from January 2000 to August 2001, Mr. Rubin served as the Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of privately-held Telergy, Inc., a provider of business telecommunications and diverse optical network solutions. He was with the Miami law firm of Stearns Weaver Miller Weissler Alhadeff & Sitterson from 1986 until 2000, in the Corporate and Securities Department. Mr. Rubin was a shareholder of that firm from 1991 until 2000 and a director from 1998 until 2000. Mr. Rubin currently serves on the board of directors of Dreams, Inc., a vertically-integrated sports products company, PROLOR Biotech, Inc., a development stage biopharmaceutical company, SafeStitch Medical, Inc., a medical device company, Kidville, Inc., which operates upscale learning and play facilities children, Non-Invasive Monitoring Systems, Inc., a medical device company, Cardo Medical, Inc., a producer and distributor of orthopedic and spinal medical devices, Neovasc, Inc., a company developing and marketing medical specialty vascular devices, and Castle Brands, Inc., a NYSE Amex-listed developer and marketer of premium brand spirits. Mr. Rubin holds a B.A. in Economics from Tulane University and a J.D. from the University of Florida.

Derek Dubner – Director
For the last 15 years, Mr. Dubner worked closely with the late Hank Asher, the creator of market leaders Seisint and TLO and often referred to as “the father of data fusion”. Most recently, Mr. Dubner served as general counsel of TLO from inception through the sale of substantially all of the assets of TLO to TransUnion in December of 2013. Prior roles include vice president and associate group counsel at Equifax, general counsel and chief compliance officer at Naviant (acquired by Equifax), and corporate counsel at Seisint (acquired by Reed Elsevier’s LexisNexis). Mr. Dubner holds a B.S. in Economics/Finance from Pennsylvania State University and a J.D. from Florida State University.

Ryan Schulke – Director
Mr. Ryan Schulke, 32, was a co-founder of Fluent, in 2010 and has served as Chairman and CEO of Fluent since its inception. Before merging with IDI, Fluent was privately held and is a leader in people-based digital marketing and customer acquisition. Prior to founding Fluent, Mr. Schulke served as Media Director of Clash Media, a global digital advertising network.

Robert Fried – Independent Director
Mr. Robert Fried has served as Co-Chairman of the Board of Directors since SearchMedia’s merger with Ideation Acquisition Corp. in October 2009 and after SearchMedia changed its name to Tiger Media on December 14, 2013. Mr. Fried served as the President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of Ideation from November 2007 to October 2009. Mr. Fried is a digital media entrepreneur and accomplished film producer. Since 1990, Mr. Fried has served as President of Fried Films, a motion picture production company he founded in 1990. Mr. Fried has produced or served as executive producer for 15 films, including “Rudy,” “The Boondock Saints,” “Man of the Year” and “Collateral.” Mr. Fried won an Academy Award for the Live Action Short Film “Session Man.” Mr. Fried has founded several digital media companies including Spirit EMX, parent of spiritclips.com, a popular internet-based inspirational content company for which Mr. Fried presently serves as CEO; and WhatsHotNow.com, for which Mr. Fried served as Chief Executive Officer from July 1999 until June 2001. From December 1994 until June 1996, Mr. Fried was President and Chief Executive Officer of Savoy Pictures, a unit of Savoy Pictures Entertainment, Inc. Savoy Pictures Entertainment was sold to Silver King Communications, which is now a part of InterActive Corp, in 1996. From 1983 to 1990, Mr. Fried held several executive positions including Executive Vice President in charge of Production for Columbia Pictures, Director of Film Finance and Special Projects for Columbia Pictures and Director of Business Development at Twentieth Century Fox. Mr. Fried holds an M.S. from Cornell University and an M.B.A. from the Columbia University Graduate School of Business.

Peter Benz – Independent Director
Mr. Peter Benz has served on our Board of Directors since June 2015. Mr. Benz is the Chief Executive Officer of Viking Asset Management, LLC, an asset and investment management company which he founded in 2001. Since January 2012, Mr. Benz has served as a director of Starboard Resources, Inc., an onshore oil and natural gas exploration and production company. Mr. Benz has also served as a director of Usell.com, a technology based online market place, since October 2014 and as a director and Chairman of the Board of Optex Systems, Inc., a manufacturer of optical systems for the defense industry since November 2014.

Robert Swayman – Independent Director
Mr. Robert Swayman has served on our Board of Directors since June 2015. From 1998-2014, Mr. Swayman served as President and CEO of National Alarm Systems, Inc., a company he founded in 1998, prior to its sale in January 2014. From January 2014 through February 2015, Mr. Swayman served as General Manager of ASG Security, which acquired National Alarm Systems. Mr. Swayman is a Certified Public Accountant and holds a B.S. degree in accounting from the State University of New York at Buffalo.

Donald Mathis – Independent Director
Mr. Donald H. Mathis, 50, co-founded and has served as CEO of Kinetic Social since 2011. Kinetic Social, a privately held company, is a social data and technology SaaS and managed services company. Since 2013, Mr. Mathis has served on the Board of Advisors of Omniangle Technologies, a privately held company involved in business intelligence and information security. From 2007 to 2011, Mr. Mathis served as Chairman and Director on Online Intelligence, a privately held security firm specializing in brand protection and traffic integrity services to brand advertisers and owners of premium content. Mr. Mathis was on the Audit and Compensation committees of Online Intelligence until its acquisition by FAS Labs, Inc. Mr. Mathis has an MBA from the Harvard Business School and served as a Commander in the U.S. Navy (currently inactive reserve).






Contact your IDI representative now to learn more!
Toll Free: 855-842-1410
Contact Us Today!

Start Your Free Trial





﻿		
			












Michael Brauser                                                                                                          - Mount Vernon                                      , IN         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



IN



Mount Vernon



Cash Grains, Nec



Cash Grains, Nec



                            Michael Brauser
                                    



 





















M 


Michael Brauser                                                                                                         
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



801B HASTINGS LN MOUNT VERNON, IN 47620
Get Directions



(812) 838-1752
 





Business Info



 Founded 1988
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $133,106.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Cash Grains, Nec
 Contacts Michael Brauser                                                                                                         







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1988, Michael Brauser                                                                                                          has been providing Cash Grains, Nec from Mount Vernon. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














IDI: Strong Sell On Fraud Lawsuits, Bankruptcy And Technology Failure, -92.4% Downside - Cogint, Inc. (NASDAQ:COGT) | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»IDI: Strong Sell On Fraud Lawsuits, Bankruptcy And Technology Failure, -92.4% DownsideJul.21.15 | About: Cogint, Inc. (COGT) The Pump Stopper Long/short equity, short only, special situations, contrarianPump Stopper: Unclogging Stock Market Detritus 




SummaryFrost mixed up with “the wrong crowd” as Barry Honig and Michael Brauser have spun a tiny struggling debt collections business, acquired with $5.7m cash, into temporarily inflated ~$200m shell.Chairman Brauser's biography has “interesting” omissions including bankruptcy, wipeout, and fraud lawsuits, with Equifax suing him alleging “fraudulent misrepresentations” with Softbank lawsuit alleging "various frauds".IDI stock temporarily inflated from extensive yahoo message board stock-pumping scheme, touting IDI across dozens of boards with interconnected aliases, similar to halted and bankrupt FNRG.IDI’s Transunion lawsuit could mean instant $0 for stock as IDI future apparently based on IP they don’t own, which Transunion acquired when IDI CSO Poulsen's last company went bankrupt.Confluence of temporary factors above have inflated IDI stock to the obviously unsustainable valuation of ~$200m or >40x revenue, creating imminent -92.4% downside in "best case" scenario.I believe Idi Inc. (IDI) is another worthless Brauser and Honig wipeout. This famous wipeout team has joined forces to temporarily resuscitate a fraud ridden shell with a tiny debt collections firm, acquired with $5.7m cash payment, to the unsustainable valuation of $200m or >40x revenue. In what appears a desperate attempt to salvage his failed fraud shell, Frost has clearly gotten involved with the "wrong crowd" and regrettably stained his reputation through association with what I believe is one of the worst penny stock wipeout teams in America.
Brauser's biography conveniently "forgets" to include a long track record of fraud lawsuits, bankruptcy and shareholder wipeouts. While touting involvement in Naviant, Brauser neglects to mention he was apparently sued by data fusion giant Equifax (NYSE:EFX) for allegations including "fictitious receivables" and by Softbank for "various frauds" with apparent multimillion dollar payments to Equifax. Shockingly, the Naviant debacle barely scratches the surface and Barry Honig's background looks even worse.


(picture credit IDI)
IDI faces an insurmountable lawsuit while desperate for cash and with a $160m equity shelf filed IDI stock is now "coincidentally" being pumped with an apparent sketchy online Yahoo message board stock promotion campaign, similar to halted and bankrupt Forcefield Energy (NASDAQ:FNRG) where the chairman was arrested for fraud.
IDI is eerily similar to the BVSN, VNRG, USEL, IZEA and DRNE wipeouts these people oversaw, With a huge amount of IDI shares becoming unlocked soon, a $160m shelf filed for IDI stock sales and an abusive $31m+ virtually free rsu payment to Brauser and Honig, IDI is at imminent risk of total wipeout.
It's not often you get to short a cash burning penny stock wipeout team with a declining, $5.7m cash acquisition trading at >40x revenue for <7% cost to borrow. I recommend you pour yourself a tall glass of Gilby's vodka and sit down as what you read will be shocking….
"Interactive Data" A Tiny, Struggling Debt Collections Business With $0 R&D Spending, Bought With $5.7m Cash
Now that IDI has officially announced they are winding down the China billboard business with huge write offs, 100% of IDI's ongoing business will be "Interactive Data, LLC". I think IDI investors are confused and don't understand what this business actually is.
"Interactive Data, LLC" is the business IDI is pinning their "data fusion!" hype-story on, which IDI just acquired last year with a $5.7m cash payment.
Strip away the hype, we see "Interactive Data, LLC" is a tiny firm with just 9 full time employees founded in 2001. Based in Georgia, Interactive Data seems focused on providing contact information verification to the debt collection business. When a debt collector calls a defaulted creditor, they are not allowed to harass people with similar names and face severe lawsuits if they make that mistake. Therefore, debt collections agencies pay tiny amounts for some very basic offerings which allow them to be sure they are tracking down the correct person.


(picture credit)
The contact verification business is a brutally competitive business where, over the years, Interactive Data finds itself facing larger, superior competitors with cheaper, better products and dominant sales teams. Due to this, Interactive Data has struggled and been apparently forced to hire outside sales consultants and, based on their transactional pricing model, chase after the smallest and least profitable customers in the industry. Furthermore, I believe Interactive Data isn't even a real technology company anyway because this tiny business seems to have been built largely by acquisition with no R&D in 2012, 2013 and apparently 2014 as well.
We can see Interactive Data's financial struggling below in the only clear Interactive Data financials I could find, available here.

(picture credit IDI inc filings)
We can see Interactive Data's 2014 revenue declined -7% versus last year while gross profit fell -18.5%. Also interesting: Interactive Data claims to have spent zero on R&D in most of 2014, 2013 and 2012 and even with this expense at $0 and without public company expenses or any of the other SG&A Brauser/Honig/etc are layering on this tiny failure, it only generated a ~$474k in profit, which also declined -34.8% from the previous year.
Considering IDI has already opened multiple branches in FL and WA with 8+ engineers and the typical >$400k of annual cash cost just to be a public company, I estimate IDI's cash burn in the future will be at least -$2m per quarter. Perhaps this is why none of IDI inc's press releases include the financials of this tiny struggling "business" they just acquired? Clearly the above "business" is worth nothing vaguely close to IDI's current ~$200m market cap. Recall that there is nothing else here. The only aspect to IDI's business is this tiny, marginally profitable and extremely competitive company. That's it.

So what are Brauser and Honig doing with a fraud ridden shell and this tiny struggling debt collection firm? Let us dig deeper to understand what is truly going on here….
Brauser's "Selective" Disclosures = Fraud Lawsuits, Bankruptcy and Wipeout
As a reminder, Michael Brauser, Barry Honig and their investment vehicle Marlin are clearly the financial architects of IDI to me and I don't see how IDI would even exist without them.
Michael Brauser: History of Fraud Lawsuits, Bankruptcy and Wipeout

Picture credit IDI inc
Brauser seems to "selectively" tout his background, picking and choosing certain companies while failing to transparently disclose lawsuits around his involvement with other companies. A large number of these undisclosed companies wiped out big piles of retail shareholders.
Naviant = Fraud Allegations

(picture credit Naviant)
For instance, Brauser touts his "Naviant" track record sale with Equifax in his biography. What seems to have been forgotten though is he was apparently sued by Equifax for fraud allegations over that transaction and apparently saw millions of dollars go to Equifax as a result. This amazing lawsuit alleges Brauser "participated in the fraudulent creation of fictitious receivables and further participated in accounting overstatments that disguised Naviant's true financial condition" going on to allege further:
"maintained one set of book for Naviant that was more accurate and complete and another that omitted the low-priced e-mail transaction, which Naviant provided to Equifax and it's accountants during merger negotiations."

Shareholder Softbank also apparently sued, claiming
"Defendant Michael Brauser had been "intimately involved in carrying out various frauds at Naviant and covering up their misdeeds through threats and intimidation." Softbank also claims that Defendant Michael Brauser represented to Softbank that he was 'judgment proof' as a result of transferring away all of his personal assets, with the exception of his Bentley automobile and personal computer"
While the Equifax fraud allegations seem to have resulted in big cash payments it's not clear to me how the Softbank suit ended. Unfortunately though it appears this Naviant mess is just the tip of the iceberg…
Biozone: "this is not even investment - it is stealing"
Brauser was again sued (with Honig, etc) in a case involving Biozone Pharmaceutical including (emphasis mine):
"an illegal scheme by a group of predatory investors utilizing facially despicable methods"
And goes on to explain that, in addition to allegations involving violations of federal securities laws:

"this group of investors misled Plaintiff Fisher through an investment scheme designed to divest Plaintiff of all the economic rights and goodwill be had built through his company over the course of the previous 22 years"
"the defendants (Brauser, Honig, etc) immediate financial motivation in taking a legitimate economic contributor is to turn it into an investment vehicle in which they will pump up the stock price, and then proceed to sell off the shares, without regard to the well being of the business."
"violating the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act for engaging in a pattern of similar behavior against other companies."

This lawsuit is remarkable, and I strongly encourage you read it. This case seems to have also been shuffled around so it's not clear what the ultimate resolution was for poor Daniel Fisher. However with all the Honig, Brauser, etc lawsuits, I would strongly recommend everyone read all the legal background documents to make sure you truly understand what you are getting yourself into with these people.

Unsurprisingly, Biozone seems to have been a wipeout for original investors as the stock imploded -80.62% over the time frame below and was sued for "breach of fiduciary duty" after basically all of Biozone's important assets were transferred to another Honig/Brauser company. I remind you that Frost was also somehow convinced to invest in this mess too.

The List Goes On: Even MOAR Alleged "Misrepresentations" and Bankruptcy
Brauser was allegedly sued again 1/30/2009 for fraud in Kast vs. The Tube Media Corp (09-06285) a publicly traded company that apparently also failed, was delisted and seems to have ceased operations. Allegations included "filing materially false and misleading financial reports, and intentionally making misrepresentations of material facts". Also not discussed in Brauser's biography was the apparent bankruptcy of FL Telephone Co or that Brauser was allegedly sued in an adversary proceeding related to that bankruptcy. Murky situations abound with further allegations of improper side deals and Brauser potentially plotting to violate FL law through undisclosed $1m commission payments. Despite all these red flags, retail investors seem to fall for the "Brauser and Honig Show!" over and over again, as yet another lawsuit here against Brauser (as chairman of Sendtec) alleges "violations of securities laws". While some of these lawsuits seem to have resulted in cash payments like Equifax, other lawsuits seem to have eventually been dismissed or possibly settled, so I recommend you read these legal documents yourself to gain the full picture. Regardless though, investing with anyone who has repeatedly faced such serious allegations clearly warrants extreme caution.

Furthermore, just because you invest in a company and own shares of equity does not make you a "founder" as much as you'd like. If I own Coca Kola (NYSE:KO) stock for years that doesn't mean I'm a "founder" and even if I sit in on four phone calls per year with the board that obviously doesn't mean I "built the business!" either. Confused retail stock investors like to tout "but he sold Interclick!" While ignoring the fact that being on the board is a passive role merely requiring a few meetings a year, ICLK traded at $12.98 before it was eventually sold for $9. That means many shareholders took a severe loss and the company was actually sold at a discount to where it had traded previously.
Interclick: "sometimes even when you win….you lose"

Brauser seems to love to tout that he was on the board of InterClick when it was sold to Yahoo (YHOO).
As you see above though, before Yahoo stepped into salvage this mess, InterClick was ALSO on its way to being another wipeout. Even with Yahoo buying the company at a premium (and the deal apparently failing later on), the takeout price was still -30% from where it had traded previously. So I see that even in the blind chance Brauser accidentally doesn't wipe a company out or get sued with fraud allegations, in the biggest success of his whole life, many shareholders STILL lost a substantial part of their investment.
For Brauser's more recent forays into stocks, as well as virtually everything he touches, bad things seem to happen to retail investors…..
The Honig & Brauser "PlayBook": Frost's Name Thrown Around, Then Shareholders Get Wiped Out
Unsophisticated retail investors seem to think Frost's name on a filing means an investment is a sure thing, ignoring the fact that Frost is ~80 years old and has money in dozens and dozens of investments. Unfortunately, it seems the financial contamination of Honig and Brauser involvement more than overwhelms any limited positive benefit from a claimed Frost connection. Best I can tell the end result is shareholder wipeout, lawsuits or bankruptcy in almost every instance.

It seems to me Frost has gotten mixed up with the wrong guys, and while investing in a company that only Frost is involved in may be worth considering, the moment Honig or Brauser pop up I think you should basically just light your wallet on fire and get it over with.
With so many people involved in the following wipeouts, the time-frames are messy. As a result the % decline estimates and charts in this report are all my best estimate of the best time frame to represent the impact of these people on the companies in question.
Aside from IDI inc where Tiger Media was already found to involve fraud, there are countless examples of this team's wipeouts. Like VPCO where Frost name was again touted with absurdly promotional articles while Brauser and Honig were also involved and apparently Scott Frohman, who seems to have some past tie to Brauser's much-touted Seisant (also with some very questionable stuff going on) was also involved. None of that mattered though as Vapor Corp (NASDAQ:VPCO), and the 65%+ retail shareholder base, have experienced a -93.43% disaster (so far).

And uSell.com which seems to have had Honig, Brauser with current IDI board members Peter T. Benz and IDI director Daniel Brauser (uSell.com's CEO) all involved. Despite positive SeekingAlpha articles and Frost's public involvement, it essentially went straight to $0, falling -99.91% and wiping out anyone unfortunate enough to have invested.


Frost's name was again touted with promotional articles from curious authors about IZEA. Barry Honig and Brauser were also involved it seems, and (with a ~40%+ retail shareholders base) now sports a $23m market cap as OTC listed Izea, inc (OTC:IZEA), which has been a disaster for everyone over any time frame with -99.35 wipeout.

Or Vringo (VRNG) which had Frost, Brauser and Honig all involved but apparently Honig/Brauser again offset even Frost's genius as the ~79% retail shareholder based "enjoyed" a quick -84.87% decline with no recovery.

I believe these people have done this over and over again. How about Document Security Systems (NYSEMKT:DSS), which I estimate has ~80% retail shareholders, who have also "enjoyed" a quick -82.73% wipeout?

Frost has been involved in plenty of wipeouts so the list goes on, like Non-Invasive Monitoring Systems, inc (OTCPK:NIMU) where Frost was involved and the ~57% retail shareholder base "only" lost -22% (so far - be patient)


Or Anfield Resources (NYSE:ARY): -94.74% Wipeout

Or MSLP where shareholders have had a volatile ride to a -64.28% loss

Or Bullfrog (OTCQB:BFGC) which, with a ~79% retail shareholder base, seems on it's way to $0.00 with a -97.38% decline already

Or Fuse Sciences (OTCPK:DROP) which Honig and Brauser seem to have convinced Frost to invest in (unfortunately) through MSLP in 2013. This seems to have gone to ~$0 with a -100% decline showing

Or perhaps Silver Horn Mining with Brauser, Honig and Frost all involved which then seems to have become GWSTT and then TRKK but.... basically wiped everyone out on the way to an $8m market cap with (another) swift -61% decline.


Drone aviation (OTCQB:DRNE) is another good and recent example where Frost's name was touted, the notorious RedChip was then apparently paid hundreds of thousands of trading shares and cash for their promotion along with current IDI board member Steven Rubin involvement. DRNE has an absolutely egregious 97% retail shareholder base, who have now been wiped out with a -78.42% decline so far

Michael Brauser Parties With "Nelly", Retail Shareholders Get Wiped Out

Picture credit
As long-term readers of mine know, I am a huge Nelly fan. For those of you who don't click the links in my articles, you should. That said though, I like oldies too. So n that note, I would like to dedicate a song to the Honig-Brauser Gang.

Picture Credit
Quoting directly from the song's lyrics: "Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-a, WIPEOUT!"
There's not much else to say about that...
Barry Honig: Lawsuits, Even More Wipeouts and "Curious" Promotional Stock Articles
In case the pages of horrific red flags above are not enough to cause concern, "coincidently" many Barry Honig names also seem to garner curiously promotional SeekingAlpha articles before the stock eventually gets wiped out. As outlined in Bleecker street's impressive piece of research, there are many questionable ties between Barry Honig and promotional stock report authors.


Picture credit: Bleecker Street
Similar to Brauser, Honig has been named in lawsuits regarding everything from alleged violations of securities laws to situations involving "unjust enrichment", alleged forgery and a "brutal beating" involving professional boxer Briggs and Honig's Empire Sports. While I'm not sure what confidential settlements, lawsuit losses or wins may have resulted, the pattern here is clearly startling.

Don't Let This Happen To You
Strangely, Honig's boxing disaster Empire Sports seems to have ultimately became Sagebrush Gold (NASDAQ:SAGE) on 6/1/2011? And then, after announcing involvement of Dr. Phillip Frost, the company then changed name to Pershing Gold (NASDAQ:PGLC) in March 2012 and has been a total disaster for shareholders. Since these guys got involved, despite Frost involvement and lots of promotional SeekingAlpha articles by authors who disclose zero PGLC stock ownership, Pershing Gold Declined -72.07%

Or this other Honig wipeout Spherix inc (NASDAQ:SPEX): -96.49% Decline


As you can see, investing in anything with Brauser or Honig involved, even when Frost is named somewhere in the filings, is typically a total disaster for poor retail share(bag)holders. It's not just Brauser and Honig though, IDI inc's CSO Ole Poulsen, COO James Reilly and CEO Derek Dubner all seem to forget to include the fact that their last company TLO went bankrupt and nearly wiped out shareholders completely.
There are countless other Honig/Brauser disasters and I am getting tired of going through all their wipeouts. I think you get the point already, so in the interest of time I will pose one serious question: of all the Brauser/Honig/Marlin stocks in the market today, how many have market caps >$200m or generate >$2m in profit per year?
Given IDI true market cap is currently >$200m, this is a serious question.
If anyone can find a single current Brauser/Honig/Marlin stock with a $200m+ market cap or one consistently generating >$2m per year of profit, I will video tape myself personally singing you a song on YouTube. Not joking.
What's in IDI for Brauser and Honig?! 2.5m FREE IDI Shares Worth Over $31m!?
Now that you may understand what is truly going on here, let's look at how Honig and Brauser get rich in this scheme and why I believe they are involved.
The most egregious part of this whole IDI debacle to me are the crazy and, what I view as clearly abusive, contracts Honig and Brauser are mistreating IDI shareholders with via their Marlin vehicle. For example, regardless of how much dilutive equity it may take, what business is acquired or at what stock price, it seems to me Brauser/Honig/Marlin basically get 2m+ IDI shares essentially for free with some offensively low hurdles and loose terms set for their payday:
"The Marlin Consulting Agreement provides for equity compensation issued to Marlin in the amount of 10,000,000 Restricted Stock Units ("RSUs"), of TBO, which shall vest in four (4) equal, annual increments beginning October 13, 2015 and ending October 13, 2018, provided that one of the Milestones (as hereinafter defined) has been achieved on or before such date, and subject to Marlin Capital providing services on each applicable vesting date. As used in the Marlin Consulting Agreement, "Milestone" means: ((i)) TBO generating $15 million in revenues over any 12 month period; or (ii) TBO generating $10 million in revenues over any 12 month period and generating positive earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (with all stock based compensation not included as an expense) for such 12 month period. "

I would note there is a clear lack of any "per share" measurements and, shockingly, dilutive stock compensation to insiders is specifically excluded from this whole mess. With such low hurdles set for Honig/Brauser/Marlin to rich how can anyone view this is anything other than a basically free, huge rsu payday to them?
Even more offensive to me, Michael Brauser has apparently already received 500k shares of IDI stock rsu for what I view as basically nothing! I estimate this is worth >$1.25m today!
"On October 2, 2014, the Board of Directors approved the issuance of 500,000 RSUs to two consultants. One of the consultants to receive 500,000 RSUs is Michael Brauser,"
Even worse, it seems that part of this plan from the start was to get it all going with a ton of cheap stock given to their group at what I view as unreasonably favorable terms:
"On December 4, 2014, TBO sold 12,360,000 shares of TBO Common Stock to various investors at $0.50 per share on a "best efforts" basis for an aggregate of $6,094,338 in net proceeds after deducting discounts and expenses"
Whatever associates of the Brauser and Honig gang may have participated in this insane capital raise, they seem to me to have received $6.18m of IDI stock at split adjusted $2.50 per share right before a message board tout campaign started! What a coincidence! Now with IDI at $12.50 per share they are sitting on HUGE gain in a company that was just acquired with a $5.76m cash payment but now (temporarily) trades for a ~$200m valuation!!

(Picture credit)
So while primarily retail shareholders in IDI get led to what I believe is a likely financial wipeout, Brauser, Honig and Marlin are set to get a free payday of $30m!?! How is that possibly seem fair?!

IDI Inc Partnered With "Palladium Capital Advisors, LLC": Named Defendant in Madoff Lawsuit?!?
You can tell a lot about the quality of a stock or company by the quality of the investors it is able to attract. "Real" businesses, that honestly have a bright future, have no problem attracting high quality VC investors or other reputable financial partners while questionable shells on their way to wipeout often struggle and are forced to take "bottom tier" money at loan shark terms.
IDI inc lists "Palladium Capital Advisors" as a placement agent for TBO in 11/2014, who received warrant for 28k shares at $2.50 for their help in addition to $70k in cash. A quick Google on this curious financial partner apparently turns up a "Palladium Capital Advisors" as a named defendant in a Madoff Ponzi Lawsuit as recipients of "stolen customer property and other proceeds of the illegal scheme". Unless this is just a name coincidence, I am alarmed
It is not clear to me what happened here as the lawsuit is complex and long, so I'll leave the reading on this to you, but if IDI was actually forced to partner with a named defendant allegedly involved in the Madoff Ponzi legal debacle, that is very scary stuff indeed.
"But Wait! You Also Get!" MOAR Lawsuits, Spam Email Pump & Dumps, and Shareholder Wipeouts.
While Honig and Brauser are apparently just the leaders of this crew, there are many others equally as bad. IDI director Peter T Benz seems to have been previously named in lawsuit (along with Bi-Coastal Consulting Group and Jonathan Lebed) alleging Fraud, Market Manipulation (stated halfway throug first paragraph), Unjust enrichment and Negligent Misrepresentations in the "Warning Management Services" case. Robert N. Fried was also sued at SearchMedia where he was co-chairman post-merger and CEO of Ideation. The lawsuit alleges "revenues had been massively overstated due to flagrant accounting irregularities" involving "fictitious business transactions".
Interestingly IDI is also covered by Gilford Securities. Gilford also has a checkered past, including Gregg M Berger, former Gilford broker, who pled guilty and was jailed for involvement in "pump and dump schemes" apparently using spam emails involving thinly traded stocks to generate more than $30m of illegal proceeds. It also appears Gilford was fined $125k by FINRA recently for failing to disclose "the research analyst received compensation".

Furthermore, it appears the SEC fined Gilford Securities $995k for failing to properly supervise the broker who served Vancouver Spam Promoter "John" Hui and the firm which allegedly facilitated a $33m pump and dump scheme. The SEC also went on to allege Gilford allowed employees to improperly execute customer orders without requisite trading licenses, and violating Regulation S-P by sharing nonpublic customer information with unauthorized third parties.
IDI Inc's Message Board Stock Promotion Campaign: Similar to Disgraced, Halted and Bankrupt FNRG
How has IDI stock been temporarily pumped up to this obviously unsustainable valuation?
IDI is currently being supported by one of the most widespread and extensive online message board tout campaigns I have ever seen. As a reminder, FNRG experienced something similar (but far less egregious than IDI) before FNRG's chairman was arrested for fraud and the company went bankrupt.
"The strategy for these posters is to seek out companies whose share price has risen strongly and which are getting a lot of attention. The posters then seek to draw readers' attention to ForceField. Some small portion of the readers end up buying into ForceField, elevating share price and volume. Surprisingly, this strategy can work if there are thousands of postings to other high performing and high interest stocks."
Similarly, on the Yahoo message boards for example, we see countless yahoo ID's recently created which only tout IDI across the message boards in huge volume. Tellingly though their promotion campaign doesn't take place on IDI's board, presumably since anyone on the IDI board already knows about IDI stock and is not a useful target. I think the goal here is obvious: to lure in unsuspecting retail investors into IDI stock and temporarily inflate the stock price.
For example, we can see username "ermelindarqkabergerc3138" joined yahoo on 6/26/2015 and then immediately began posting comments across unrelated boards, often times literally within seconds of the last comment.


From yahoo message boards
Similar to FNRG touts posting on high traffic stocks, we see IDI touts posting repeatedly on the AliBaba message board, which clearly has zero to do with IDI.

A simple Google keyword search shows IDI touts flooding message boards with an apparent target of the highest trafficked and unrelated yahoo message boards including: Coca Cola , Kinder Morgan (NYSE:KMI), iPath S&P500 VIX etn (NYSEARCA:VXX), EXTR, FITB, PLNR, CNET, LTRE, HUM, and BBY, among many others.
We can also see this tout campaign appears coordinated as we are seeing different aliases post identical promotional messages on IDI
   

Among the many IDI tout aliases I have found just on the Yahoo message boards include: "Ermelindarqkabergec3138", "kennedyfettigovo", "auroreparagasgql", "kassikontoseta", "euniceewelluip", "fidelatimothycyd", "dellamlcurtneruts4050", arnettexvschiffelbeintqo2626 and likely many others.
To be clear, I am not certain exactly who the individuals are by name behind this shady online tout campaign (although I have my guesses). However, I don't see how anyone would do this kind of extensive and premeditated work for free and typically stock promotion is not done without compensation.
IDI Shareholder Base Is Essentially All Retail: Where Are The Credible "Real" Investors?!?
Given this horrific penny stock wipeout team and yahoo message board tout campaign, it is not surprising to me IDI's shareholder base is mostly retail. In fact the only institutional investor involved of note is Frost ( through the original failed Tiger Media Investment). If you exclude insiders who didn't buy their shares on the open market and Frost (who is involved through a failed investment in a fraud), IDI inc is held almost entirely by unsophisticated retail owners. There are no real institutions of any worth involved in IDI other than a few random ETF/Index followers resulting from IDI's inclusion in the Microcap ETF.

(picture credit Capiq)
Why doesn't any "real" investment firm want any part of IDI?

(picture credit me)

TransUnion Lawsuit Renders IDI a "Zero" Immediately Anyway
What IDI's retail shareholders need to understand is that this lawsuit is devastating to IDI's desperate technology claims which, in part, support IDI's temporarily inflated stock price. I think this lawsuit between IDI and Transunion is one of the most clear cut lawsuits I've ever seen and I believe IDI will obviously lose. The TLO IP in this lawsuit took TLO >4 years and $100m+ to develop with a huge team, when IDI loses this lawsuit (and any claim to the IP) there is simply no way this tiny fraud ridden shell company has any hope of recreating it. Therefore once IDI loses this lawsuit, the only "technology" left will be some tiny debt collections company that has been struggling since 2001 and apparently spends $0 on R&D. Furthermore, now that TransUnion is embroiled in IDI's technology and business I think if IDI makes any technology claims in the future: Transunion will respond with swift and endless litigation claims claiming any new IDI products are based on "prior art" and Transunion's IP.
Furthermore, Brauser's Federal Fraud litigation with Equifax and egregious lawsuit with Transunion clearly renders both of those companies "off limits" to IDI. In the data industry I see no way any company can be successful if they are "black listed" from having any dealings with those two juggernauts. Let alone the fact that Transunion seems intent on destroying IDI and if you read the court documents I believe you will see, as I did, the TransUnion/TLO team feels offended personally by all of this.

Pic credit Transunion's TLO
All the documents from the Transunion litigation against Brauer and IDI are free and publicly available here and I especially recommend reading the complaint and any transcripts. In the interest of time I will not go into detail and recommend you read up on this yourself. I will give you my quick-summary read on it though, which is once Transunion tried to enforce their noncompete agreements against IDI employees alleged to have violated them, Brauser allegedly tried to extort Transunion over claimed license fees due based on IP which TransUnion already purchased in the TLO bankruptcy auction.

The lawsuit centers around "BOLT code" which is code written in BOLT that scans across data sets. This is a common code and any multiple data base tool like lexis Nexis or others have something like this. The other contested IP is the "BParser" code, which converts the BOLT code to C++ (universal programming language).
This is one of the most direct and obvious lawsuits I've ever seen because, comically, both of these pieces of IP appears expressly explained and spelled out to me in the 363 asset sale documents Transunion and TLO participated in. I think there is ~100% chance that IDI loses this resoundingly. For example, check out the express and direct description of the assets sold in bankruptcy as cited in doc 61 filed 3/18/15
"[T]o the extent that Ole Poulsen holds or asserts any interests of any kind in the BParser code converter software used or useful by the Debtor in the conduct of the Business (the "BParser Code") or any other Business Assets, such BParser Code and other Business Asset shall be deemed an Acquired Asset and may be sold to the Buyer free and clear of all such interests…."
Furthermore, Brauser and IDI CEO Derek Dubner were intimately involved in the bankruptcy auction as Transunion states they served the sales order on both Brauser and Derek Dubner, as well as Interactive Data. While after the close of the sale, Poulsen and Brauser both had extensive ongoing involvement with the case concerning division of sale proceeds. Lastly, all of this IP appears to have been created using TLO hardware, stored on TLO's servers and used 40+ TLO programmers. Even Poulsen was a full time employee of TLO at the time working on the IP and was paid by TLO and then by Transunion for this, and his home was even paid for by TLO, so any claims IP developed at home are his seems worthless as well.
None of this even matters much anyway, as TransUnion's TLOxp is a dominant competing product that is cheaper and with more functionality than anything IDI can offer.
If you call TLO, their sales people will be happy to explain all the reasons they are superior to anyone else, and even if they were in fact inferior (they aren't) Transunion's enormous global sales force would steamroll anyone stupid enough to confront them. If TLO wasn't superior then why would Brauser try to buy them before and get sucked into this impossible lawsuit over the IP?

TLO and Transunion are far cheaper too as they offer in depth reporting tools with "all you can eat" pricing for <$175 a month. For small, low-volume customers who prefer transactional pricing, TLO's superior service costs ~$0.30 per search, making IDI's quoted average price of $0.375 per transaction a full +25% more expensive than TLO This makes IDI inc's desperate product offerings not just hopelessly behind the curve but simultaneously too expensive to be competitive. I don't see how Transunion doesn't just eat them alive over time.
IDI Board of Directors: It Gets Even Worse…..
It's not just Brauser and Honig though, basically everyone involved in this company is tied to financial disasters. You may think these people are protecting your best interest but, for example, take board member Steven Rubin, who is apparently involved in:
MabVax Therapeutics Holdings (OTCQB:MBVX): Swift -79.79% wipeout

And it seems Kidville as well (OTCPK:KVIL): -78.86% Disaster

And one of the "best ones" he is involved in, Non-Invasive Monitoring Systems Inc has been crazy volatile and is "only" down -21.84% at the moment


The list is nearly endless, so I won't keep going much longer but look at Sevion Therapeutics (OTCQB:SVON) now -77.78% already despite raging biotech bull market

And Tiger X Medical (OTCPK:CDOM) which is now down -94.51%

Another example is IDI board member Robert Swayman, briefly involved in Vapor Corp along with Honig and Brauser, which has (unsurprisingly) been a complete disaster
Vapor Corp -94.23% Stock Decline to date

(all charts from CapIQ)
With everything you've read, are these really people you want to invest with? Are you honestly unable to find a SINGLE better company in the world run by better people to invest in?!
IDI Inc Management Response
Since IDI inc has been active in promoting themselves to investors it is not hard to meet them. I spoke with them not long ago but found their responses to issues raised to be underwhelming and disappointing. Instead of offering a clear picture of the current business, I found them to offer excessively promotional claims to TAM size and other vague claims. In response to questions regarding management quality, they claim IDI to be founded by the people who started the data fusion industry. However, I believe the real genius leader of that (Hank Asher) passed away quite some time ago now and the last company these current people were involved in went bankrupt and nearly wiped out equity holders completely. I don't see how this is reassuring. Furthermore it seems to me their sales and technology strategy is just "throw money at it" and I don't see how they can possibly compete against sales and technology beasts like Transunion. IDI claims the lawsuit is irrelevant. However, I think the documents point to a different view while claims of litigation irrelevance ignore the reality I see, which is that Transunion seems intent on crushing IDI and wiping them out completely. Considering any future for IDI is based on technology, I don't see how Transunion contesting their IP claims, likely forever, is anything other than disastrous.

IDI inc Catalyst: Heinous $160m Equity Shelf, Wall of Dilution as Shares Become Unlocked For Sale
What is rare with IDI is the clear and identifiable catalysts to collapse the share price. Primarily, IDI just filed an absolutely heinous shelf offering for the sale of $160m worth of IDI stock, considering IDI's total market cap is ~$200m, this alone could wipeout current IDI shareholders.
It gets better though, as we have a huge amount of IDI inc shares becoming unlocked very soon. If you read the lockup agreement, there is no date next to the signature but we know the shares are locked up for 1 year starting sometime late 2014 or early 2015. This means that soon a wall of shares become unlocked for sale for a company trading at >40x revenue and I think they will sell aggressively (if they are smart).
IDI inc = Desperate For Cash, Dilutive Secondary Offering Imminent
IDI also seems desperately low on cash, as we see here in 2014 where IDI claims they have enough cash to survive 12 months. However, IDI's cash burn has ramped up, and the shutdown of the Chinese billboard business will cost at least -$1m in cash to shut down, while we are now nearly 8 months into 2015. This means IDI will have to raise cash within the next 4 months, and given companies rarely wait until their cash account is literally $0, I believe investors should expect another dilutive IDI capital raise sometime in the next 2 months. This seems like a lot of simultaneous wipeout-catalysts occurring very soon.
IDI inc's Auditor "Deficiencies" and Inability to File SEC Filings On Time
Considering Brauser was sued by Transunion for alleged involvement in falsifying statements, it makes me horrified to see what I believe are signs of IDI internal accounting integrity questions.
For example, of the two 10q and 10k filings IDI inc has been required to file since they became IDI inc, a full 100% of those have been filed late (the 2014 10k and the Q1 10q). One of these 10q filings seems to have been given to investors accidentally before IDI inc's auditor was able to properly review it?!

Even more worrisome, IDI inc has curiously changed it's auditor to "RBSM LLP" who in 2013 was just recently found by the PCAOB to apparently have "audit deficiencies" and "failure to perform sufficient procedures to evaluate the presentation of certain revenue". This does not appear to have been an isolated incident either as this 2013 inspection followed up an even worse 2009 PCAOB inspection where RBSM had "audit deficiencies" including a "deficiency of such significance that it appeared to the inspection team that the firm did not obtain sufficient competent evidential matter to support its opinion on the issuer's financial statements"
IDI Inc's Stated Market Cap on Yahoo Finance Not Accurate
The first thing you need to know is that I believe the yahoo finance stated market caps are NOT completely correct as they do not seem to include the crazy "free" 2m IDI rsu shares that will be issued to Honig and Brauser's through Marlin if/when IDI hits the comically low hurdle of $15m of sales or $10m of sales and positive EBITDA (excluding stock comp). At today's price I estimate those rsu shares alone are ~15% dilution to current shareholders and if you correct for this, I estimate IDI's current "true" market cap is $202m.

Valuing IDI: "Best Case" Fair Value Analysis Shows -92.4% Downside
Even if IDI insiders were geniuses AND had shareholder interests at heart AND we use the most optimistic estimates possible, IDI inc is STILL overvalued by somewhere between -83.54% and -98% today.
Thankfully, valuing IDI inc is actually very easy as we have two very direct and recent comparisons we can use to value IDI. One of them is literally the transaction of the company IDI just bought that makes up all of IDI's ongoing business. The other recent comparison is the recent auction of TLO, LLC which I believe is clearly a superior business to IDI in every way possible but we can use that sale price as the most optimistic upward bound possible for valuing IDI inc.

With these relevant comparisons we can then use some of the most optimistic assumptions possible to estimate "Fair value" for IDI inc. Unfortunately, even using the most optimistic assumptions possible I still come up with per share value for IDI inc stock with between -98% and -83.5% of downside today. Note this would also be very consistent with many other Honig/Brauser wipeouts which quickly fall between -70% and -100%.

(estimated chart created by me)
As you can see above, valuing IDI based on the Interactive Data, LLC transaction they just did shows fair value per share for IDI inc of $0.969 per share for -92.4% downside from today's stock price. Note that this analysis is using a $5m+ t12m revenue estimate for IDI inc also which I believe is quite generous considering the <$4m in revenue Interactive Data LLC was just producing and the nearly $0 in recent R&D spend they disclosed.
If we use Ole Poulsen and Derek Drubner's latest bankruptcy TLO, LLC we can see that despite multiple bidders and an extended auction, there was only $19m of equity/stockholder value left. Note that this purchase price by TransUnion likely assumes that TLO's products could be pushed through TransUnion's enormous global sales force, allowing Transunion to pay more than would typically be a fair value. If we use that equity valuation as a comp for IDI we see that IDI inc stock is worth a maximum of $0.26 per share, for -98% near term downside for current shareholders.
If we even take the whole analysis to the most optimistic view possible and literally completely ignore ALL of the $100m+ in debt/liabilities TLO, LLC filed bankruptcy with and just give that all to equity holders instead, then retain the bullish $5m+ revenue estimate for IDI inc, we STILL see that IDI inc stock has near term downside of -83.54% from today.

As you can see, IDI inc today trades at what is an impossible "bubblicious" valuation that would make many dot com stocks blush. Educational tip: if you ever see a promotional investor presentation with endless rambling about the "Addressable Market!" but ZERO mention of the company's current financials or earnings, that company is likely to be a future wipeout.

(picture credit)
Frost Himself Seems To Know IDI inc Not Worth Anything Close to Today's Prices
Lastly and most hilariously, we know Frost expressed interest in bidding on TLO in bankruptcy. We know TLO had 200+ employees, was built by the founding genius of the industry, had ~$100m of liabilities (presumably a good proxy for cash burned), and took 5+ years to be built with ~$23m of revenue. Clearly I think TLO is a superior company to IDI inc in every way possible.

(picture credit)
We also know that Transunion (NYSE:TRU) initially won the stalking horse with their ~$100m bid (which basically wiped out the equity and covered the debt/liabilities) after Frost was rumored to have put in a bid worth ~$100m, leaving ~$0 value for TLO equity/shareholders. From this we can clearly infer that Frost was not interested in paying $100m+ to own the vastly superior TLO company (otherwise HE would have been the stalking horse or done the DIP, etc). Yet now we have IDI inc, inferior in every way imaginable, trading for >$200m implied valuation!

Plungey Makes The Call: IDI Will Be A(nother) Shareholder Wipeout With -92.4% Wipeout (or worse)

(picture credit me and Indiana Jones)
IDI inc: -98% Near Term Downside with Wipeout Coming = DON'T FALL FOR IT.
I believe the bottom line is that under no reasonably reality is IDI worth anything even vaguely close to $200m. The people in charge of IDI saw their last company recently go bankrupt despite leadership from the undisputed king of the modern data era Hank Ahser, who unfortunately passed away and will be deeply missed. Remember TLO took 5 years, hundreds of employees and apparently at least $100m of cash, to build and that still went bankrupt and nearly wiped out the equity investors entirely. Michael Brauser and Barry Honig seem to me a penny stock wipeout team so toxic that even if Frost invests, their involvement virtually ensures wipeout or fraud accusations. The wreckage of bankruptcy and wipeout in their path is truly eye watering in my view. Furthermore, IDI currently trades at a "bubblicious" valuation relative to obviously superior and much larger companies while the current Yahoo message board stock promotion campaign is extremely concerning.
While hyped up "data fusion!" fad claims and yahoo message board stock promotion may temporarily inflate any stock's valuation, reality and the wave of IDI stock sales coming will bring this disaster crashing back down, like so many other Honig and Brauser wipeouts. Ultimately, IDI is made up of a tiny, 14 year old, struggling debt collection service paid for with $5.6m in cash and no amount of weirdly promotional stock tout articles or confused "mom & pop" retail stockholders can change that.
This temporarily insane 40x revenue valuation coupled with large $160m shelf offering filed, and a huge volume of shares becoming unlocked, means insiders could aggressively dump their shares onto the market until IDI falls all the way to $4 per share. At which point IDI would STILL have another -85% downside even from there. I believe it is obvious that, like VRNG, IZEA, BVSN, USEL, DROP (and countless others), the end will come suddenly and violently, leaving retail shareholders essentially no chance to avoid suffering a crippling financial loss.

DON'T FALL FOR IT.
Disclosure: I am/we are short IDI. 
I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it. I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.
Editor's Note: This article covers one or more stocks trading at less than $1 per share and/or with less than a $100 million market cap. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks.About this article:ExpandTagged: Investing Ideas, Short Ideas, Services, Advertising AgenciesWant to share your opinion on this article? Add a comment.Disagree with this article? Submit your own.To report a factual error in this article, click hereFollow The Pump Stopper and get email alerts









Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #79398ae0-70e7-11e7-aa46-bdb1e48c65af
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #796f40e0-70e7-11e7-906a-5560319db91a
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #79a5ba30-70e7-11e7-823a-692a86670eda
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          










Michael Brauser | Business Conquests of Top Florida Entrepreneur        Michael Brauser Business ConquestsMichael Brauser currently serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors for Cogint (NASDAQ: COGT) and is an active investor
and stakeholer in several other companies. He has been a key player in the Data Fusion sector since its
earliest days, having built market-leading companies that collectively have produced revenues of over $2
billion. These include:Kertz Security, which was acquired by Wayne Huizenga in 1995 for $28 millionNaviant, an internet marketing company that was sold to Equifax in 2001 for $135 millionSeisint, which Reed Elsevier purchased in 2004 for $775 million5to1, an Internet advertising company that Mr. Brauser sold to Yahoo in 2011 for $28 million Much of Mike's success lies in acquisition and partnerships between synergistic companies. He has
invested, funded and advised on numerous successful companies over the course of his career, and continues
to do so currently.Cogint Inc. formerly IDI Inc. (NASDAQ: COGT), June 2015-Present
Executive Chairman Cogint is a ‘data and analytics company’ with its primary customers in the legal, credit and investigative
industries. Michael Brauser brings a strong background in M&A to Cogint and has leveraged relationships from
previous partnerships.Since Michael joined Cogint, they have acquired digital marketing and customer acquisition firm Fluent.Dr. Phillip Frost, U.S Billionaire, has increased his investment in Cogint and joined the Board of DirectorsRebranded Cogint Inc. that included a move from NYSE to NASDAQ: COGT listing.Commercial release of idiCore® a Cogint Inc.Solution- “Through proprietary linking technology,
advanced systems architecture and a massive data repository, idiCORE provides actionable intelligence
to support debt recovery, fraud detection and prevention,investigations, due diligence, identity
verification, legislative compliance, and more.”2016 Second Quarter Revenue and Operating results reported, “Consolidated Revenue increased to $41.0
million for the second quarter 2016 from $1.0 million for the second quarter 2015”.Interclick  (NADSAQ: ICLK) (interCLICK, Inc)
Co-Chairman of Board of Directors Now known as Genome from Yahoo!, Interclick is a technology company providing solutions for data-driven
advertising. Combining scalable media execution capabilities with analytical expertise, interclick delivers
exceptional results for marketers.December 2009 IPOs as ICLK on the NASDAQ Stock Exchange and raises $18.1MIn 2010 interclick reports EBITDA of $13.0 million, an increase of 182% compared to $4.6 in 2009.The company continues to experience rapid growth due from its sound leadership and execution.November 2011 Interclick is acquired by Yahoo! For $270M, creating significant value and returns for
Interclick shareholders.ChromaDex Inc. (NASDAQ: CDXC), October 2011-February 2015
Co-Chairman ChromaDex Inc. researches new and existing technologies that create products for the dietary supplement,
food, beverage, skin care and pharmaceutical industries.
Although Mr. Brauser was no longer serving on the Board in Spring 2016, his contributions contributed to
listing of CDXC on NASDAQ.ChromaDex began trading on OTCQX MK, November, 2014Reported 6th consecutive quarters of record revenue as Q3 2015 ingredients sales climbed 104%.ChromaDex was named to the Best 50 OTCQX in 2016.Creator license holder of, NIAGEN® is marketed as a product that improves skin with aging, cognitive
function and athletic performance.Specialty Nutrition Group, Inc. announced the release of NIAGEN® in GNC stores nationwide.Announced a retail commercialization deal with BPI Sports launching several new products containing
NIAGEN®. This agreement involves distribution to thousands of U.S retail locations.More Business Conquests Majesco Entertainment Co. (NASDAQ: COOL), September 2015- Present  Co-Chairman InterCLICK, August 2007- December 2011 (Formerly Customer Acquisition Network)  Co-Chairman SendTec Inc., October 2005- September 2006 (Formerly, Relationserve Media Inc.)  Director Chubasco Resources Corp., October 2005- September 2006  Director Marlin Capital Partners, LLC, 2003-Present  Founder, President, CEO Naviant Inc. (eDirect Inc.) 1999-2002  President, CEO eDirect Inc.  Founder, President, CEO Seisint, Inc. (eData.com, Inc.) 1999-2003  Founder, Director Kertz Security Systems Inc.  CEO  








Michael H. Brauser - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Michael H. Brauser
Executive Chairman of the Board at Cogint, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Michael H. Brauser? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Michael H. Brauser's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Michael H. Brauser's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Michael H. Brauser's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Michael H. Brauser through your network of contacts.
												








Michael H. Brauser's Executive Work History


Current


Executive Chairman of the Board, 
Cogint, Inc.


Past
To view Michael H. Brauser's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
61

 
 


Michael H. Brauser's Biography



Mr. Michael Brauser, 61, has served as a director of the Company and our Executive Chairman since June 2015. Since 2003, Mr. Brauser has been the manager of, and an investor with, Marlin Capital Partners, LLC, a private investment company. From 1999 to 2002, he served as president and chief executive officer of Naviant, Inc. (eDirect, Inc.), an internet marketing company. He also was a founder of Seisint, Inc. (eData.com, Inc.). Mr. Brauser served as co-chairman of the board of directors of InterCLICK (now a part of Yahoo Inc.), from August 2007 to December 2011. Mr. Brauser also served as co-chairman of the board of directors of ChromaDex Co ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Michael Brauser, 61, has served as a director of the Company and our Executive Chairman since June 2015. Since 2003, Mr. Brauser has been the manager of, and an investor with, Marlin Capital Partners, LLC, a private investment company. From 1999 to 2002, he served as president and chief executive officer of Naviant, Inc. (eDirect, Inc.), an internet marketing company. He also was a founder of Seisint, Inc. (eData.com, Inc.). Mr. Brauser served as co-chairman of the board of directors of InterCLICK (now a part of Yahoo Inc.), from August 2007 to December 2011. Mr. Brauser also served as co-chairman of the board of directors of ChromaDex Corp., an innovative natural products company, from October 2011 to February 2015. The Nominating Committee believes that Mr. Brauser's experience as a director on various public company boards of directors and as a manager of an investment company brings extensive business and management expertise to the Board.
		
Source: Cogint, Inc. on 04/28/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Michael H. Brauser's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Michael H. Brauser. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Michael H. Brauser's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Michael H. Brauser's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Michael H. Brauser through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Michael H. Brauser


















Michael H. Brauser's Connections (67)





Sign up now to view Michael H. Brauser's 67 connections »









Mark S. Germain
Board Member, Pluristem Therapeutics Inc.









Daniel MacLachlan
Chief Financial Officer, Cogint, Inc.









Steven D. Rubin
Dir. and Executive Vice President, Administration, Opko Health, Inc.









Nikhil Raman
Former Chief Executive Officer and Director, usell.com, Inc.









Jacky Wang
Former Chief Accounting Officer, Cogint, Inc.









Douglas Feirstein
Former Chief Executive Officer, usell.com, Inc.









Ryan Schulke
Director; Chief Executive Officer, Fluent, LLC, Cogint, Inc.









Thomas C. Varvaro
Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, ChromaDex









Michael Brachfeld
Former Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer, usell.com, Inc.









Phillip Frost
Board Member, Castle Brands Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Meister Brauser Scarab - $100.00 : The Motorsport Collector



















 








 







Home
Log In

 








Back to the Blog
Join Our Email List!








Categories

Estate Classics->
2016 Annual Traditions
1/43 Spark - In Stock
Models by Manufacturer->
Ayrton Senna Collection->
Model PreOrders->
Display Cases->
Artwork->
  |_ Michael Turner
  |_ Alan Fearnley
  |_ Graham Turner
  |_ Michael Turner Christmas Cards
  |_ Nicholas Watts
  |_ Rob Ijbema
  |_ Colin Carter Lithos
  |_ Andrew Kitson
  |_ Bill Neale, AFAS
  |_ Colin Carter Giclees on Canvas
  |_ Craig Warwick
  |_ David Gray
  |_ Jim Swintal
  |_ Juan Carlos Ferrigno
  |_ Kane Rogers
  |_ Nicolas Trudgian
  |_ Paul Kreutziger
  |_ Peter Harholdt
  |_ Robert Taylor
  |_ Ron Kleemann
  |_ Posters
  |_ Greeting Cards
Books->
Turner Giclee Prints->
DVDs->
2017 Formula One Models->
1/18 BBR Ferrari 250 P
2018 Calendars
CLEARANCE->
Memorabilia->
Secondary Market->
2014/15 Annuals->
Estate Sale
TMC Coffee Mugs
Gift Certificates
Specials ...
New Products ...
Featured Products ...
All Products ...




New Products  [more]

Cosworth: The Search for Power - Sixth Edition$90.00




Information


Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Contact Us
Site Map
Gift Certificate FAQ
Discount Coupons
Newsletter Unsubscribe











 Home :: 
  Artwork :: 
  Michael Turner :: 
Meister Brauser Scarab









Michael Turner



Product 30/43
 Previous 
 Return to the Product List 
 Next 




Meister Brauser Scarab






larger image








Shipping Weight: 4lbs







$100.00







Add to Cart:  




by Michael Turner

A Limited Edition of 200 Signed & Numbered Prints.

Each Copy Signed by AUGIE PABST.

Perhaps the most popular American built sports racers of all time were Lance Reventlow's beautifully sculptured Scarabs. In the hands of Augie Pabst, Harry Heuer, Carroll Shelby and others, Scarabs were driven to victory at road courses around the country. In this stunning painting, Michael Turner has captured the excitement and grace of Augie Pabst and the Meister Brauser Scarab at Meadowdale on Labor Day weekend in 1959. The Motorsport Collector has published Turner's painting in a Limited Edition of just 200 signed and numbered prints on fine watercolor paper with a deckeled bottom edge. 

Each copy has been hand signed in pencil by both Michael Turner and Augie Pabst

Overall Print Size: 17.25" x 22.75"






This product was added to our catalog on Monday 05 November, 2007.





Customers who bought this product also purchased...
1967 LeMans (Giclee Print)
Meadowdale Raceways: The Midwest Motorsport Legend
1967 Le Mans
1986 Michael Turner Christmas Cards










More from TMC




Featured  [more]

Dauntless Courage by David Gray$125.00




Have you seen ...




Manufacturers


1320inc
Acme Trading Co..
Action
Amalgam
Art Model
AUTOart
Bang
BBR
Bburago
Behemoth Publis..
Best
Bizarre
Brumm
CanAm
Carousel 1
CarTech Auto Bo..
CMC Classic Mod..
Craig Warwick
Dalton Watson F..
David Bull Publ..
David Gray
Duke Video
ExactDetail
Exoto
Fly
GB Track
GMP
Goodwood
Graham Turner
Greenlight
Haynes
IXO
Jim Swintal
Kyosho
La Mini Miniera
LeMans Miniatur..
LeMans Miniatur..
LookSmart
Mattel Hot Whee..
Michael Turner
Minichamps
Minichamps Ferr..
Monogram
Motorfilms
Nicholas Watts
Nicolas Trudgia..
Ninco
Onyx
Paragon
Quartzo
Rare Sportsfilm..
Redline
Replicarz Exclu..
Revell
Robert Taylor
Scalextric
Schuco
Shelby Collecti..
Spark Model
Technomodel
Terrific Stuff ..
Top Model
Top Speed by TS..
TSM Model
UT Models
Veloce
Vitesse
X-Factor






Currencies

US Dollar
Euro
GB Pound
Canadian Dollar
Australian Dollar
New Zealand Dollar
Yen









Home









Copyright © 2017 The Motorsport Collector. Powered by Zen Cart










Dana Farber Cancer Institute Donors Michael And Betsy Brauser Celebrate Success Of Inoperable Cervical Cancer Clinical Trials 






























PRWeb
Home
News Center
Blog



United States
United Kingdom
France

			Login
		
			Create a free account
		




RSS


Email Newsletters


Put PRWeb on your site




Dana Farber Cancer Institute Donors Michael And Betsy Brauser Celebrate Success Of Inoperable Cervical Cancer Clinical Trials



Share Article

















Michael Brauser and his wife Betsy Brauser celebrate 5 years of Betsy’s participation in a clinical trial at the Dana Farber Cancer Institute. In July, the Institute recognized the ongoing success of treating inoperable cervical cancer with experimental treatments via clinical trials.






boca raton florida (PRWEB)
January 20, 2017
 Michael and Betsy Brauser celebrated 5 years of Betsy’s participation in a clinical trial at the Dana Farber Cancer Institute. For Betsy, the clinical trial  has been life-saving as she has been on the trial for more than six years, and her cancer has not worsened. 
Betsy Brauser was diagnosed with ovarian cancer in 2009. She underwent standard chemotherapy but a year later went to Dana-Farber when new tumors were found in her pelvic area. A biopsy confirmed the cancer had returned in an inoperable form. Betsy and her husband, Michael, were given two options: a standard chemotherapy repeat, or enroll in a new clinical trial comparing the drugs cediranib and olaparib (both in pill form), versus olaparib alone. For the Brausers, it was an easy choice. The clinical trial offered them the best opportunity to look toward the future. 
The clinical trial’s leaders felt confident about its potential based on the two drugs involved. Cediranib is an angiogenesis inhibitor that prevents tumors from forming new blood vessels that help them grow and spread. Olaparib is part of a class of agents known as PARP inhibitors that was then starting to show promise in tumors that had trouble repairing damaged DNA.
QUOTE: “The combination of olaparib and cediranib has shown significant promise in the fight against ovarian cancer, It has been wonderful and very encouraging to see first-hand women like Betsy directly benefiting from this combination and our research here at Dana-Farber,” said  Ursula Matulonis, MD, senior author of the trial and interim director of the Susan F. Smith Center.” 
The study has since been expanded to many more women with recurrent ovarian cancer as a phase 2 trial, the report of which was ranked as the most influential publication of 2014 in breast, gynecologic, and obstetric disorders by the Columbia Hospital for Women Research Foundation.
QUOTE: “The results of these trials have suggested that oral combinations could be a vital part of how to combat ovarian cancer. We have now opened two large NCI-sponsored trials that will examine how the combination of cediranib and olaparib compares to standard chemotherapy as a treatment for the disease, said Dr.  Joyce Liu, director of clinical research for Gynecologic Oncology at the Susan F. Smith Center. “

  Michael and Betsy Brauser donate generously to a number of cancer research organizations. They have contributed $150,000 to the Dana Farber Cancer Institute and the Brigham and Women’s Hospital.

About The Dana Farber Cancer Institute
For nearly 70 years, The Dana Farber Cancer Institute led the world by making life-changing breakthroughs in cancer research and patient care. Each year, patients cross the globe to receive the most advanced care available, including over 700 innovative clinical trials. Their sole mission is to defeat cancer. Dana Farber’s donors and supporter generosity sustains the daily life of the Institute, allows physicians and caregivers to provide patients and families with the most advanced cancer therapies and support available, and encourages scientists to explore new ideas and discoveries. Donations to Dana Farber provides vital support paving the way for scientific discovery and compassionate care.
About  Mr. Michael H. Brauser
Mr. Michael H. Brauser has been the Executive Chairman for Cogint, Inc. formerly IDI, Inc. since June 2015. From 1999 to 2002, he served as president and Chief Executive Officer of Naviant, Inc. (eDirect, Inc.) an internet marketing company. He also was a Founder of Seisint, Inc. (eData.com, Inc.). Mr. Brauser served as co-chairman of the Board of Directors of InterCLICK (now a part of Yahoo, Inc.) from August 2007 to December 2011. Mr. Brauser also served as co-chairman or the Board of Directors of ChromaDex, Inc., an innovative natural products company, from October 2011 to February 2015. Beyond his professional life, Michael Brauser supports his community by contributing to charitable organizations, nonprofits, and community groups. Mr. Brauser cofounded the Betsy and Michael Brauser Charitable Family Foundation, Inc., a charitable foundation that donates funds to a variety of causes.
RELATED LINKS
http://blog.dana-farber.org/insight/2016/07/clinical-trial-helps-florida-patient-betsy-brauser-live-with-ovarian-cancer/



Share article on social media or email:









View article via:
											Pdf
										
											Print
										






Contact Author

Christian Paez
Michael Brauser+1 (305) 985-9107
				Email >
			


									Visit website
								




News Center





Insider Trading - Brauser Michael - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Brauser Michael





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-14Purchase
2016-12-1507:12 am
Cogint Inc.
COGT
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
1,500
$3.293
$4,940
5,000,000(IndirectDirect)
View


2016-12-09Purchase
2016-12-1307:26 am
Cogint Inc.
COGT
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
3,500
$3.429
$12,000
5,000,000(DirectIndirect)
View


2016-11-30Purchase
2016-12-0107:00 am
Cogint Inc.
COGT
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
3,000
$3.35
$10,050
5,000,000(DirectIndirect)
View


2016-11-29Purchase
2016-11-3007:12 am
Cogint Inc.
COGT
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
3,500
$3.71
$12,985
5,000,000(DirectIndirect)
View


2016-11-09Purchase
2016-11-1007:17 am
Cogint Inc.
COGT
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
5,000
$3.69
$18,450
5,000,000(DirectIndirect)
View


2016-11-08Purchase
2016-11-0907:35 am
Cogint Inc.
COGT
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
6,500
$3.79
$24,635
5,000,000(DirectIndirect)
View


2016-11-07Purchase
2016-11-0808:09 am
Cogint Inc.
COGT
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
18,000
$3.637
$65,462
5,000,000(DirectIndirect)
View


2016-08-19Purchase
2016-08-2206:55 am
Idi Inc.
IDI
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
5,700
$4.78
$27,246
5,000,000(IndirectDirect)
View


2016-06-28Purchase
2016-06-2906:42 am
Idi Inc.
IDI
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
2,500
$4.32
$10,800
5,000,000(IndirectDirect)
View


2016-06-20Purchase
2016-06-2107:37 am
Idi Inc.
IDI
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
4,000
$4.54
$18,160
5,000,000(IndirectDirect)
View


2016-06-07Purchase
2016-06-0807:20 am
Idi Inc.
IDI
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
3,000
$4.7
$14,100
5,000,000(IndirectDirect)
View


2016-06-01Purchase
2016-06-0208:06 am
Idi Inc.
IDI
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
3,500
$4.8
$16,800
2,068,945(IndirectDirect)
View


2016-05-24Purchase
2016-05-2506:50 am
Idi Inc.
IDI
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
3,500
$4.84
$16,940
2,065,445(IndirectDirect)
View


2016-05-18Purchase
2016-05-1906:47 am
Idi Inc.
IDI
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
419,530
$5.25
$2,202,532
2,061,945(IndirectDirect)
View


2016-03-28Purchase
2016-03-2907:42 am
Idi Inc.
IDI
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
4,000
$4.91
$19,640
2,061,945(DirectIndirect)
View


2016-02-18Purchase
2016-03-2907:41 am
Idi Inc.
IDI
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
2,000
$4.7
$9,400
1,000,000(IndirectDirect)
View


2016-03-16Purchase
2016-03-1807:22 am
Idi Inc.
IDI
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
2,500
$4.81
$12,025
2,057,945(DirectIndirect)
View


2016-03-15Purchase
2016-03-1708:46 am
Idi Inc.
IDI
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
4,000
$0
$0
2,055,445(DirectIndirect)
View


2016-03-02Purchase
2016-03-0307:04 am
Idi Inc.
IDI
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
4,000
$4.972
$19,890
1,000,000(IndirectDirect)
View


2016-02-25Purchase
2016-02-2607:19 am
Idi Inc.
IDI
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
4,500
$0
$0
1,000,000(DirectIndirect)
View


2016-02-16Purchase
2016-02-1707:43 am
Idi Inc.
IDI
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
5,000
$4.7
$23,500
1,000,000(IndirectDirect)
View


2016-02-10Purchase
2016-02-1107:10 am
Idi Inc.
IDI
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
7,500
$4.45
$33,375
1,000,000(IndirectDirect)
View


2016-01-26Purchase
2016-01-2707:10 am
Idi Inc.
IDI
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
2,000
$4.476
$8,952
1,000,000(DirectIndirect)
View


2016-01-20Purchase
2016-01-2107:36 am
Idi Inc.
IDI
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
2,000
$4
$8,000
1,000,000(DirectIndirect)
View


2016-01-19Purchase
2016-01-2007:00 am
Idi Inc.
IDI
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
6,000
$4.49
$26,940
1,000,000(DirectIndirect)
View


2016-01-15Purchase
2016-01-1906:35 am
Idi Inc.
IDI
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
5,500
$4.965
$27,310
1,000,000(IndirectDirect)
View


2016-01-07Purchase
2016-01-071:51 pm
Idi Inc.
IDI
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
5,000
$6.314
$31,572
1,000,000(DirectIndirect)
View


2015-09-04Purchase
2015-09-0907:40 am
Idi Inc.
IDI
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
2,000
$6.027
$12,054
1,000,000(IndirectDirect)
View


2015-08-21Purchase
2015-08-2407:30 am
Idi Inc.
IDI
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
5,000
$6.278
$31,392
1,000,000(IndirectDirect)
View


2015-07-21Purchase
2015-07-2208:15 am
Idi Inc.
IDI
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
10,000
$6.923
$69,231
1,000,000(IndirectDirect)
View




Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-01Option Award
2016-12-057:05 pm
N/AN/A
Majesco Entertainment Co
COOL
Brauser MichaelDirector
75,000
$0
229,182(Direct)
View


2016-11-04Option Award
2016-11-0808:04 am
N/AN/A
Cogint Inc.
COGT
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
100,000
$0
5,000,000(Direct)
View


2016-11-04Tax Withholding
2016-11-0808:04 am
N/AN/A
Cogint Inc.
COGT
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
27,350
$2.95
5,000,000(Direct)
View


2016-06-01Option Award
2016-06-036:41 pm
N/AN/A
Idi Inc.
IDI
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
5,000,000
$0
5,000,000(Direct)
View


2016-06-01Option Award
2016-06-033:49 pm
N/A2021-06-01
Majesco Entertainment Co
COOL
Brauser MichaelDirectorOther
11,494
$0.87
11,494(Direct)
View


2016-04-25Option Award
2016-04-274:55 pm
N/AN/A
Majesco Entertainment Co
COOL
Brauser MichaelDirectorOther
525,000
$0
1,160,886(Direct)
View


2016-04-25Option Award
2016-04-274:55 pm
N/A2026-04-25
Majesco Entertainment Co
COOL
Brauser MichaelDirectorOther
525,000
$0.8
1,160,886(Direct)
View


2016-03-11Conversion
2016-03-157:19 pm
N/AN/A
Idi Inc.
IDI
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
2,030,945
$0
2,051,445(Indirect)
View


2016-03-11Conversion
2016-03-157:19 pm
N/AN/A
Idi Inc.
IDI
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
954,116
$0
2,051,445(Indirect)
View


2016-03-11Option Award
2016-03-157:19 pm
N/AN/A
Idi Inc.
IDI
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
567,069
$0
2,051,445(Indirect)
View


2016-03-11Option Award
2016-03-157:19 pm
N/AN/A
Idi Inc.
IDI
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
243,030
$0
2,051,445(Indirect)
View


2016-03-11Conversion
2016-03-157:19 pm
N/AN/A
Idi Inc.
IDI
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
2,030,945
$0
2,051,445(Indirect)
View


2016-03-11Conversion
2016-03-157:19 pm
N/AN/A
Idi Inc.
IDI
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
954,116
$0
2,051,445(Indirect)
View


2016-02-22Conversion
2016-02-245:37 pm
N/AN/A
Idi Inc.
IDI
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
20,000
$0
1,000,000(Direct)
View


2016-02-22Conversion
2016-02-245:37 pm
N/AN/A
Idi Inc.
IDI
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
400
$0
1,000,000(Direct)
View


2015-12-18Option Award
2015-12-225:30 pm
N/A2020-12-18
Majesco Entertainment Co
COOL
Brauser MichaelDirector
9,523
$1.05
9,523(Direct)
View


2015-12-08Purchase
2015-12-106:29 pm
N/AN/A
Idi Inc.
IDI
Brauser MichaelExecutive ChairmanDirector
400
$0
400(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Mon, 24 Jul 2017 22:15:18 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  











403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







USEL Michael H. Brauser Insider Trades for usell.com Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































usell.com Inc.

                  OTC: USEL
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

usell.com Inc.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 17, 2017, 5:20 p.m.


USEL

/quotes/zigman/28500927/delayed


$
0.53




Change

-0.22
-29.29%

Volume
Volume 1,533
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/28500927/delayed
Previous close

$
			0.75
		


$
				0.53
			
Change

-0.22
-29.29%





Day low
Day high
$0.53
$0.53










52 week low
52 week high

            $0.43
        

            $1.20
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Michael H. Brauser






Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





08/22/2014
5,100


 
Acquisition at $3.02 per share.


15,402


07/21/2014
108,333


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $3 per share.


324,999


06/16/2014
6,000


 
Acquisition at $3.48 per share.


20,880


10/31/2013
1,000,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/30/2013
25,000


 
Acquisition at $0.15 per share.


3,750


02/07/2013
250,000


 
Acquisition at $0.12 per share.


30,000


12/20/2012
11,000


 
Acquisition at $0.13 per share.


1,430


12/19/2012
9,000


 
Acquisition at $0.11 per share.


990


11/16/2012
40,000


 
Acquisition at $0.18 per share.


7,200


09/20/2012
25,000


 
Acquisition at $0.23 per share.


5,750


09/19/2012
30,000


 
Acquisition at $0.3 per share.


9,000





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Daniel  Brauser 
Executive Chairman




Mr. Nikhil  Raman 
Chief Executive Officer & Director




Ms. Jennifer Rosario Calabrese 
Executive VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer




Mr. Scott A. Tepfer 
Executive Vice President




Mr. Brian M. Tepfer 
Director




Mr. Amitabh  Jhawar 
Independent Director




Mr. Peter Thomas Benz 
Independent Director




Mr. Grant M. Fitzwilliam 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




11:15 PM EDT
July 24, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
10:00pSen. John McCain will return to D.C. for health-care vote
9:43pTrump jams with the Boy Scouts, but can’t decamp from politics
8:19pAlphabet earnings keep Google investors in dark
8:05pThe scientifically proven reason you should stop feeling guilty about ordering takeout
8:04pIs this why United, TSA clashed on Twitter over comic books on planes?
7:20pFed to stick to plans for rate hike, balance-sheet selloff this year
7:02pMLS says no to promotion-and-relegation regime — and $4 billion, to boot 
6:14pBitcoin platform scores key greenlight from Wall Street regulator
6:01pAlphabet falls after earnings beat: Live blog recap
5:48pIs Kushner's Statement a Turning Point for Trump Team?
5:16p30-year Treasury yield snaps six-day streak of declines
5:05pCompanies do better when CEO pay dwarfs average worker, study finds
5:04pAnadarko shares down 3% after company posts wider-than-expected loss
5:00pAlphabet falls after earnings beat: Live blog
4:55pTrump Pushes GOP for Affordable Care Act Repeal
4:52pU.S. will go single-payer route on health care: Jimmy Carter
12:56pOpinion Journal: Congress's Russia Sanctions Calculus
12:55pOpinion Journal: Robert Mueller’s Power Play
12:52pOpinion Journal: Joseph Rago 
12:38pOpinion Journal: Americans Abroad: Beware  
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,513.17

-66.90
-0.31%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,410.81

+23.05
+0.36%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.91

-2.63
-0.11%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






















































