

BRC Investment Management LLC                                                                                            - Greenwood Village                                 , CO         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CO



Greenwood Village



Investment offices, Nec



Investment Offices, Nec



                            BRC Investment Management LLC
                                    



 





















B 


BRC Investment Management LLC                                                                                           
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



8400 E PRENTICE AVE # 1401 GREENWOOD VILLAGE, CO 80111
Get Directions



(303) 414-1100
www.brcinvest.com                                                                                       





Business Info



 Founded 2007
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $1,899,960.00
 Employee Count 11
 Industries Investment Offices, Nec
 Contacts John Riddle                                                                                                             







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2007, Brc Investment Management Llc                                                                                            has been providing Investment Offices, Nec from Greenwood Village. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







B

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Brc Investment Management, LLC | Wealthminder











































Brc Investment Management, LLC


Brc Investment Management, LLC
(CRD# 135061) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Greenwood Village, CO.
They
manage $878,615,207 in 529 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 17 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Brc Investment Management, LLC




8400 East Prentice Avenue, Suite 1401,
Greenwood Village,
CO
80111
303-414-1100
http://www.brcinvest.com




http://www.brcinvest.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

879
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

529
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$1,660,898







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for investment companies (as well as "business development companies")
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




AZ, CA, CO, CT, FL, GA, IL, KS, MI, MN, NE, NJ, NY, OH, OR, TX, WA






Financial Advisors at Brc Investment Management, LLC




Showing 1 - 2 of 2 top financial advisors.





1















Janice R. Kelley



CRD#:
4649788



8400 E. Prentice Ave., Suite 1401,
Greenwood Village,
CO
80111




93

Wealthminder
score








Janice Kelley (CRD# 4649788) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Brc Investment Management, LLC in Greenwood Village, CO and has 
over 14 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Mark F. Jaeger



CRD#:
4730811



8400 East Prentice Avenue, Suite 1401,
Greenwood Village,
CO
80111




90

Wealthminder
score








Mark Jaeger (CRD# 4730811) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Brc Investment Management, LLC in Greenwood Village, CO and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now

























BRC Investment Management LLC | Email CEO @brcinvest.com CFO 

















































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL





















































 




                    BRC Investment Management LLC





brcinvest.com





8400 East prentice Avenue Suite 1401                 
                 
Greenwood Village, CO 80111
Phone: 303-414-1100
Fax: N/A










 














Type:

                    Private                
Employees:

10 - 19

Revenue: 

1 - 2.5 Million

Industry:  
                    Finance->Investment Bank/Brokerage                
SIC Code:  
                     6211  - Security Brokers and Dealers
















View:




Employees



IT Intelligence



News



Currently Hiring




Historical Trends









 IT INTELLIGENCE











No Categories





No Products Found












Helpful Hint
The Inside View displays a list of technologies and products used internally at a company




                        F
                        i
                        r
                        e
                        w
                        a
                        l
                        l
                  








Show All Analytics
CMS
OS










Google Analytics
Google Analytics shows you the full customer picture across ads and videos, websites and social tools, tablets and smartphones. That makes it easier to serve your current customers and win new ones.






WordPress
WordPress - popular blogging platform






Microsoft Windows OS
Microsoft Windows



Sign up to see all













Helpful Hint
The Outside View displays all the technologies and devices which can be seen on the Internet





 NEWS AND BACKGROUND
 NEWS AND BACKGROUND







NO PRESS EVENTS







Background

                                       Full company description is available with the free trial.            


















Name 
Email Address
Department 
Get Data





No Records Found.







Showing 1 to 
                1                                

                                    of 2 entries            









 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION
 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION












 HISTORICAL TRENDS
 HISTORICAL TRENDS

















Weekly


Quarterly









































 
Poll Question
Date Created
Current Result
Votes








Only for logged in user.




Additional Info:
BRC Investment Management LLC, a company that works within the Investment bank/brokerage industry. Their profile on Lead411 presents significant contact information such as cfo contacts, phone numbers, linkedin data, and Brc Investment Management Llc email addresses with the @brcinvest.comdomain format. They have their head office in Greenwood Village, CO.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@brcinvest.com addresses.


Company Background:
Full company description is available with the free trial.


Similar Companies:
Swan Global Investments
Swan Global Investments, is a company that works within the Investment bank/brokerage. This Durango, CO-based business. Their profile on Lead411 presents significant contact information such as cfo contacts, phone numbers, linkedin data, and Swan Global Investments email format addresses with the @swanglobalinvestments.com domain as well as quality contact info regarding Swan Global Investments's CEO . They have their head office in Durango, CO.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@swanglobalinvestments.com addresses.
Denver Investments
Denver Investments, is a company that works within the Investment bank/brokerage. This Denver, CO-based business. Their profile on Lead411 presents significant contact information such as cfo contacts, phone numbers, linkedin data, and Denver Investments email format addresses with the @denvest.com domain as well as quality contact info regarding Denver Investments's CEO . They have their head office in Denver, CO.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@denvest.com addresses.
First Affirmative Financial Network LLC
First Affirmative Financial Network LLC, a company that works within the Investment bank/brokerage industry. Their profile on Lead411 presents significant contact information such as cfo contacts, phone numbers, linkedin data, and First Affirmative Financial Network Llc email addresses with the @firstaffirmative.comdomain format. They have their head office in Colorado Springs, CO.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@firstaffirmative.com addresses.




Company Directory > BRC Investment Management LLC





















BRC Investment Management LLC : Top Money Managers  







BRC Investment Management, LLC












































 















The Money Manager People TM














Money Manager Performance Research Center

















< Research another Money Manager

Performance, Research and Ranking for BRC Investment Management, LLC, Updated 6/30/2017









































Money Manager Reports Include:

Performance Annually
Risk Reward Analysis
Money Manager Review
Money Manager Ranking









Here's how it works:

Fill in the form on this page.
We'll research our database.
Our Wealth Managers will prepare your requested reports and maybe a few additional ones.
Your Money Manager Reports will be delivered to you by email.











Request your FREE Reports










Or call one of our Wealth Managers for more detailed information 
(800) 541-7774Your information is secure. 















In the meantime, here's some basic information about BRC Investment Management, LLC

Company Information:Name:BRC Investment Management, LLCAddress:8400 East Prentice AvenueSuite 1401Greenwood Village, CO 80111Phone:(303)414-1100Website:www.brcinvest.comCompany Products:Large Cap Concentrated EquityLarge Cap (Tax Aware) EquityMid Cap Concentrated EquitySmall Cap Concentrated EquityMega Cap Concentrated Equity


BRC Investment Management, LLC Commentary







< Research another Money Manager











Any money management or investment advisory firms listed on this website are not related entities of WrapManager, Inc. and are listed for convenience and informational purposes only. The listing of a money manager on this website does not imply a solicitation or recommendation of the money manager. WrapManager, Inc. is responsible only for the content of this website and it has no control over other websites that may be accessible from this website, the contents therein or the products/services offered by third parties. Hyperlinks to or from this website do not constitute third party endorsement of, sponsorship by or affiliation with WrapManager, Inc.
 







 



Important Disclosure | Privacy Policy  WrapManager, Inc., 703 Market Street, 18th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94103 (800) 541-7774 toll-free  | (415) 541-9760 fax | Click to email us © 2017 WrapManager, Inc. All Rights Reserved. WrapManager is an SEC-registered investment adviser.  (1) qualified investors are those with $500K or more in investable assets














































 






361 Capital to Acquire Award-Winning BRC Investment Management

































































 











Share
                













Print
            










Home >  > 361 Capital to Acquire Award-Winning BRC Investment Management


361 Capital to Acquire Award-Winning BRC Investment Management






DOWNLOAD PDF >

Adding proven investment experience and institutional clients
DENVER—October 4, 2016—361 Capital, a leading boutique asset manager offering alternative strategies to institutions, investment advisors and their clients, today announced the strategic acquisition of BRC Investment Management, LLC. BRC Investment Management is a global equity asset manager focused on delivering innovative, behavioral-based solutions to its clients. 
BRC Investment Management is a pioneer in developing proprietary algorithms designed to monetize market inefficiencies in order to pursue consistent alpha for client portfolios. BRC Investment Management brings unique and complementary investing skills and time-tested strategies, including large, mid and small cap, as well as Japanese All-Cap Equity to 361’s product offering.
“We are thrilled to be adding BRC Investment Management’s highly experienced team to further our vision of being a world-class investment management firm specializing in distinctive solutions rooted in behavioral finance,” said Tom Florence, President and Chief Executive Officer of 361 Capital. “Incorporating BRC Investment Management into our platform broadens our capabilities and expands our distribution footprint across both institutional and intermediary channels.”
“361 Capital’s highly regarded industry reputation and similar focus greatly expands our opportunity to drive meaningful alpha for our institutional clients and for a wider range of new investor portfolios,” said John Riddle, Managing Principal and Chief Investment Officer of BRC Investment Management. “Both organizations have a strong research-oriented approach and look to capitalize on the many biases and heuristics that drive investor decisions.”
The transaction is expected to close by October 31, 2016, and, upon completion of the acquisition, the firms will combine under the 361 Capital name.
About 361 Capital
361 Capital is an award-winning* boutique asset manager focused on delivering an array of innovative alternative investment strategies to institutions, financial intermediaries and their clients. Founded in 2001, the Firm specializes in creating distinctive portfolio solutions using behavioral-driven, quantitative methods to help advisors and institutions better understand and manage portfolio risk. 361 Capital is majority employee-owned and has strategic investment from Lovell Minnick Partners, a private equity firm specializing in investing in financial and related business services companies, and Lighthouse Investment Partners, which invested in the business in 2014. For more information, call 866.361.1720 or visit 361capital.com.
About BRC
Founded in 2005, BRC Investment Management (Bounded Rationality Concepts) is a global equity asset manager focused on delivering innovative, behavioral-based solutions to its clients. The Firm is a pioneer in developing proprietary algorithms designed to monetize behavioral biases and market factors in order to pursue consistent alpha for client portfolios. BRC was formed as a result of an amicable separation of the U.S. equity investment team from Duff & Phelps Investment Management Co. BRC utilizes the same U.S. equity investment philosophy, process and performance track record that dates back to 1996. 
*Awards: WealthManagement.com 2016 Industry Awards, Winner & 2015 Industry Awards, Finalist: Alternatives Asset Manager, http://awards.wealthmanagement.com. The WealthManagement.com Industry Awards recognizes the alternatives asset manager that has made an ‘outstanding contribution’ in adding a new initiative/program or enhancing an existing platform that improves advisors’ understanding, usage, & portfolio management of alternatives. 
Investment Advisor-Prima Capital’s 8th annual Separately Managed Account Managers of the Year – BRC Investment Management named 2012 U.S. Large-Cap Equity SMA Manager of the Year. The SMA Managers of the Year awards recognize those products that have at least $200 million in assets and have tenured management of at least three years. Products and managers must rate highly according to Prima’s due diligence process, which uses a proprietary, systematic, multifactor manager evaluation methodology that combines both quantitative and qualitative criteria. There are 13 factors that the Prima analysts consider before recommending the finalists for SMA Managers of the Year, including performance, firm, people, process, style, customer service, tax efficiency and composite.
###





  
























Brc Investment Management LLC 1427 Lakeview Ave S Minneapolis, MN Oil & Gas Producers - MapQuest







































































































    Brc Investment Management LLC
  

1427 Lakeview Ave S

Minneapolis
MN
55416




 Reviews



(612) 377-9639
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help





















