




Linda H. Breedlove - Independent Director at First US Bancshares, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Linda H. Breedlove
Independent Director at First US Bancshares, Inc.



Overview
Relationships Paths
Boards & Committees Public Holdings 


Linda H. Breedlove
Independent Director at First US Bancshares, Inc.



 Overview



Age



73
                                  (Born 1944)
                                              




Board Seats



4





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 34 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




James F. House

President & Chief Executive Officer at First US Bancshares, Inc.




Bruce N. Wilson

Senior Partner at Wilson & Drinkard





Jack W. Meigs

Director at First US Bank




Howard M. Whitted

Manager at Whitted Family Holdings





William G. Harrison

Former Chief Executive Officer & Owner at Bedsole Dry Goods




Aubrey S. Miller

President-Shelby County at Alabama Department of Education





R. Steve Briggs

Former Executive Vice President-Life & Annuity Division at Protective Life Corporation




Sheri S. Cook

Senior Vice President-Human Resources at Altec, Inc. - Alabama





Robert Stephen Briggs, Sr.

Independent Director at First US Bancshares, Inc.




Donna Dearman Smith

Former Vice President-Human Resources & Ethics at Alabama Power Co.







See 24 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 24 More 


 


 Paths to Linda H. Breedlove



            Linda H. Breedlove          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Linda H. Breedlove






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Linda H. Breedlove.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Director

                    1997 - Current                  


First US Bank

                    First US Bank, a subsidiary of First US Bancshares, Inc., is a company headquartered in Thomasville, AL, involved in state commercial banks. James F. House has been the CEO since 2011.                  




Independent Director

                    1997 - Current                  


First US Bancshares, Inc.

                    First US Bancshares, Inc. operates as a holding company for First U.S. Bank. It provides services including receipt of demand, savings, individual retirement account and time deposits, personal and commercial loans, safe deposit box services and remote deposit capture through its subsidiary. The company was founded in 1999 and is headquartered in Thomasville, AL.                  




Director

                    Current                  


Acceptance Loan Co., Inc.






Director

                    Current                  


Fusb Reinsurance, Inc.







 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Linda H. Breedlove is affiliated with
                            First US Bank, First US Bancshares, Inc., Acceptance Loan Co., Inc., Fusb Reinsurance, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Linda H Breedlove - Dacula, GA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Linda H Breedlove in Dacula, GA


Linda H Breedlove

                                                                                       Intelius found that Linda H Breedlove  is  a female between 60 and 60 years old from Dacula, GA.  We have connected them to
                10 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Linda J Hinton


Get Report Now

Age

Linda H Breedlove is in her 60s

Linda Has Lived In

Dacula, GA
Snellville, GA
Tucker, GA

Linda's Relatives

John Breedlove
Mildred Breedlove
Connor Breedlove
Wayne Ethridge







Linda H Breedlove



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderFemale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Linda? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Linda, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Linda H Breedlove
Get a Criminal Check on Linda H Breedlove
Get a Public Record Report on Linda H Breedlove
Get a People Search Report on Linda H Breedlove


Linda H Breedlove's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Linda H Breedlove has lived as well as Linda H Breedlove's phone numbers and email addresses.




Linda H Breedlove Has Lived in 1 States
Georgia Address for Linda H Breedlove


2814 M******* C** 

Dacula, GA


Has Lived In

Dacula, GA
Snellville, GA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Linda H Breedlove

(770) ***-**** - Lawrenceville, GA 
(706) ***-**** - Watkinsville, GA 
(770) ***-**** - Snellville, GA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Linda H Breedlove



Get Email Report




Linda H Breedlove's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Linda H Breedlove


Linda H Breedlove's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Linda H Breedlove's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Linda Breedlove
Username Matches

                  LindaBreedlove
                  BreedloveLinda
                  Linda.Breedlove
                  Breedlove.Linda
                  Linda_Breedlove
                  Breedlove_Linda
                  Linda-Breedlove
                  Breedlove-Linda
                  LBreedlove
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
L Breedlove







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.




















Linda H. Breedlove - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Linda H. Breedlove
Board Member at First US Bancshares


View Full Profile
Are you Linda H. Breedlove? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Linda H. Breedlove's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Linda H. Breedlove's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Linda H. Breedlove's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Linda H. Breedlove through your network of contacts.
												








Linda H. Breedlove's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
First US Bancshares


Past
To view Linda H. Breedlove's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
73

 
 


Linda H. Breedlove's Biography



Ms. Breedlove serves as a part-time writer for The South Alabamian, Inc., a newspaper publishing company. She also performs certain bookkeeping functions for The Thomasville Times. She served as Co-Publisher/Editor of The South Alabamian for 29 years until January 2003. Ms. Breedlove was employed with Breedlove Office Supply and Printing from January 2003 until April 2004. 

The Board of Directors believes that Ms. Breedlove's business and management experience gained from her long career in newspaper publishing, as well as her local community and civic leadership roles and involvement and knowledge of the local market, make her a valuable co ...
(Read More)

			Ms. Breedlove serves as a part-time writer for The South Alabamian, Inc., a newspaper publishing company. She also performs certain bookkeeping functions for The Thomasville Times. She served as Co-Publisher/Editor of The South Alabamian for 29 years until January 2003. Ms. Breedlove was employed with Breedlove Office Supply and Printing from January 2003 until April 2004. 

The Board of Directors believes that Ms. Breedlove's business and management experience gained from her long career in newspaper publishing, as well as her local community and civic leadership roles and involvement and knowledge of the local market, make her a valuable contributor to the Board of Directors.
		
Source: First US Bancshares on 03/23/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Linda H. Breedlove's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Linda H. Breedlove. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Linda H. Breedlove's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Linda H. Breedlove's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Linda H. Breedlove through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Linda H. Breedlove


















Linda H. Breedlove's Connections (35)





Sign up now to view Linda H. Breedlove's 35 connections »









Alonzo J. Strickland
Board Member, First US Bancshares









Eric H. Mabowitz
Former Executive Vice President Retail Division, First US Bancshares









Thomas S. Elley
Former Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary; Executive Vice President, First United Security Bank, First US Bancshares









William C. Mitchell
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Acceptance Loan Company, Inc., First US Bancshares









James F. House
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, First US Bancshares









J. Daniel Matheson
Former Investment Officer, United Security Bancshares, Inc.; Sr. VP, Investment Officer of FUSB, First US Bancshares









Anthony G. Cashio
Former Executive Vice President, Credit Division and Chief Credit Officer, First United Security Bank, First US Bancshares









Ray Sheffield
Former Senior Vice President Regional Manager, First US Bancshares









Sheri S. Cook
Board Member, First US Bancshares









William G. Harrison
Board Member, First US Bancshares








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













   Linda Breedlove | South Alabamian | ZoomInfo.com










 













 




ACCEPTANCE LOAN COMPANY, INC. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    ACCEPTANCE LOAN COMPANY, INC.











Company number F14000003490
        

Status Active
        

FEI number 631131381
        

Company Type Foreign for Profit
        

Home State AL
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 8/18/2014
        

Principal Address
            121 WEST CHURCH STREET, JACKSON, 36545
            


Mailing Address POST OFFICE BOX 159, JACKSON, AL, 36545
        
ACCEPTANCE LOAN COMPANY, INC. Principals

Director
                Wilson Bruce
                 


Address
                POST OFFICE BOX 99, GROVE HILL, AL, 36541
                 



Director
                Breedlove Linda H
                 


Address
                100 DOWNING PLACE, JACKSON, AL, 36545
                 



Director
                Whitted Howard M
                 


Address
                11440 QUEENS WAY, THEODORE, AL, 36582
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name DEVINE              MATTHEW       J (p)
        

Agent Address
                200 S. ORANGE AVENUE, ORLANDO, FL, 32801
                

Description
ACCEPTANCE LOAN COMPANY, INC. has been set up 8/18/2014 in state AL.  
The current status of the business is Active. The ACCEPTANCE LOAN COMPANY, INC. principal adress is 121 WEST CHURCH STREET, JACKSON, 36545. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to POST OFFICE BOX 159, JACKSON, AL, 36545. 
The company`s registered agent is DEVINE              MATTHEW       J 200 S. ORANGE AVENUE, ORLANDO, FL, 32801.  
The company`s management are Director - Wilson Bruce, Director - Breedlove Linda H, Director - Whitted Howard M.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
ACCEPTANCE LOVE & FAITH MINISTRIES, INC.
ACCEPTANCE MIAMI GROUP LLC
ACCEPTANCE MORTGAGE CO., INC.
ACCEPTANCE MORTGAGE COMPANY LLC
ACCEPTANCE MORTGAGE GROUP INC.
ACCEPTANCE MORTGAGE, LLC


























Breedlove, Linda

NameAgeState
Linda M Breedlove68 KS
Linda Sue Breedlove62 IL
Linda R Breedlove59 GA
Linda A Breedlove45 AL
Linda L Breedlove49 KY
Linda Kay Breedlove47 OH
Linda D Breedlove51 TX
Linda Jean Breedlove69 IL
Linda J Breedlove56 IL
Linda M Breedlove62 WV
Linda L Breedlove66 WA
Linda June Breedlove60 CA
Linda Lee Breedlove76 TN
Linda P Breedlove66 SC
Linda Darlene Breedlove65 OH
Linda M Breedlove63 FL
Linda L Breedlove60 OH
Linda Denise Breedlove45 FL
Linda C Breedlove74 GA
Linda L Breedlove54 FL
Linda B Breedlove59 AL
Linda Lou Breedlove71 NC
Linda Marie Breedlove70 MD
Linda Breedlove65 GA
Linda Miskovsky Breedlove68 FL
Linda Amick Breedlove73 NC
Linda Katherine Breedlove64 AZ
Linda H Breedlove73 AL
Linda L Breedlove57 MD
Linda G Breedlove66 GA
Linda L Breedlove68 KY
Linda Alice Breedlove73 MO
Linda J Breedlove67 GA
Linda Sue Breedlove69 MO
Linda Lee Breedlove63 WA
Linda H Breedlove42 MS
Linda Faye Breedlove44 NC
Linda M Breedlove66 NY
Linda W Breedlove71 DE
Linda Earsom Breedlove54 CA
Linda Marie Breedlove63 TX
Linda H Breedlove60 GA
Linda G Breedlove54 FL
Linda Caroline Breedlove64 MO
Linda K Breedlove64 NC
Linda D Breedlove57 MO
Linda J Breedlove66 AL
Linda D Breedlove55 GA
Linda C Breedlove59 CO
Linda Breedlove75 TX
Linda L Breedlove71 OH
Linda M Breedlove80 CO
Linda Jewel Breedlove65 ID
Linda L Breedlove51 KY
Linda H Breedlove69 MS
Linda D Breedlove56 MO
Linda C Breedlove67 TX
Linda A Breedlove64 OH
Linda Kay Breedlove66 CA
Linda D Breedlove33 NC
Linda Naomi Breedlove65 NY
Linda S Breedlove64 OH
Linda Fern Breedlove74 CA
Linda Mae Breedlove66 AZ
Linda Pipkins Breedlove65 LA
Linda A Breedlove70 FL
Linda Lou Breedlove65 WY
Linda L Breedlove64 SD
Linda G Breedlove64 AR
Linda J Breedlove73 MO
Linda Breedlove Breedlove62 MO
Linda R Breedlove76 CO
Linda Denice Breedlove65 NE
Linda D Breedlove65 VA
Linda S Breedlove62 VA
Linda Breedlove62 WA
Linda Kay Breedlove66 OK
Linda T Breedlove69 MD
Linda Carol Breedlove64 GA
Linda L Breedlove77 IL
Linda Kay Breedlove60 IN
Linda J Breedlove71 MS
Linda Kathleen Breedlove73 MO
Linda L Breedlove71 GA
Linda Aguilar Breedlove75 MI
Linda Suzie Breedlove51 GA
Linda F Breedlove59 TX
Linda D Breedlove52 GA
Linda Breedlove42 CT
Linda K Breedlove68 DE
Linda Breedlove WA
Linda Breedlove FL
Linda Breedlove IL


FIND MORE PEOPLE


First Name



MI



Last Name




State

All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington D.C.
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming



 


I entered a partial first name above







PHONE NUMBER SEARCH


 (ex. 555-555-5555)



 


 

Linda  Breedlove at InstantPeopleFinder.com
Find information on Linda  Breedlove instantly.


Help | Contact Us | FAQs | Terms & Conditions
Copyright © 2003-2017, LookupAnyone
 






	First US Bank







































































As of 7/21/2017 ( Ticker:FUSB ) Price: $11.27 | Day Change: +0.07 (+0.63%
)



Contact Us


855-736-3008 






About FUSBDirectors













Andrew C. Bearden, Jr.

Chairman of the Board of Directors for First US Bancshares, Inc., formerly United Security Bancshares, Inc., and First US Bank
Certified Public Accountant; Manager of BEACO Consulting, LLC.
 

Mr.Bearden is the Chairman of the Board of Directors. He practices as a Certified Public Accountant and offers consulting services through BEACO Consulting, LLC, in Thomasville, Alabama. He has served extensively at the executive level in the banking industry and has a wide range of accounting, financial, capital markets, and risk assessment skills to USBI. Mr. Bearden's extensive prior experience in the banking industry, specifically his experience and leadership roles with two public companies, and other executive management experience and skills, provide valuable insight and expertise to the Board of Directors.


Linda H. Breedlove
Retired Publisher and Editor of The South Alabamian, Inc.
Ms. Breedlove serves as a part-time writer and proofer for The South Alabamian, Inc., a newspaper publishing company. She also performs certain bookkeeping functions for The South Alabamian, Inc. and The Thomasville Times. She served as Publisher Editor of the South Alabamian, Inc. for 29 years until January 2003. Ms. Breedlove's business and management experience gained from her long career in newspaper publishing, as well as her local community and civic leadership roles and involvement and knowledge of the local market, all make her a valuable contributor to the Board of Directors.


Robert Stephen Briggs
President, Chief Executive Officer, Longevity Quest, Inc.
Mr. Briggs, in 2008, after his retirement from Protective Life Corporation, founded Petra Life Services, Inc. in Birmingham, which provides insurance,financial and investment consulting services, and he currently serves as its President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Briggs has over 40 years of experience in the insurance industry, serving as a field agent, general manager and company executive, and he holds several certifications and licenses. Having been elected in 2014, his vastbusiness experience, along with his involvement in several organizations, will contribute greatly to the Board.


Sheri S. Cook
Senior Vice President of Human Resources, Altec, Inc.
Ms.Cook is currently employed by Altec, Inc. in Birmingham as the Senior Vice President of Human Resources.From April 2008 to July 2013, she servedas Altec’s Director of Corporate Finance.Previously, Ms.Cook worked in the corporatefinance, internal audit, and investor relations departments of Protective Life Corporation, and also for Kinetic Partners, LLC and Sonat, Inc. She is involved with several boards and organizations.Elected in 2014, Ms.Cook’s business experience will be an important factor to the Board.


John C. Gordon
Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors for First US Bancshares, Inc., formerly United Security Bancshares, Inc., and First US Bank
President, Forest Services, Inc.; President, SS&J Land Company, Inc.
Mr. Gordon is Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors and has been self-employed, performing forestry, timberland and investment services for Forest Services, Inc. (land management) since 1994 and for SS & J Land Co., Inc.since 1998.He has been a director since 1997.Mr.Gordon's business management, investment and risk assessment skills obtained from his leadership of these companies and his experience in the forestry business are all valuable to the Board of Directors.


William G. Harrison
Retired Timber Settlements and Records Manager, Linden Lumber Company
Mr. Harrison served as Timber Settlements and Records Manager for Linden Lumber Company from 1999 until his retirement in 2008. For 20 years prior to his position at Linden Lumber Company, he was Chief Executive Officer and sole owner of Bedsole Dry Goods, a department store consisting of department and varietystores.Mr.Harrison's extensive business experience, specifically his understanding of accounts management and credit and collection risk, contributes greatly to the Board of Directors.


James F. House
President, Chief Executive Officer of First US Bancshares, Inc., formerly United Security Bancshares, Inc., and First US Bank
Mr. House joined the company in 2011 as President and CEO bringing with him approximately 40 years of banking experience. Most recently he served as Division President for a community bank with over $2 billion in assets and 51 branches. Prior to that time he held an executive management position with a $53 billion bank headquartered in Alabama. His significant experience in bank management, commercial and consumer lending, risk management and investments contributes greatly to the Board of Directors.


J. Lee McPhearson
County Attorney, Choctaw County, Alabama
Mr. McPhearson is an attorney, currently practicing in Butler, Alabama. He also serves as County Attorney for Choctaw County, Alabama. From 1995 until 2002, Mr. McPhearson served as Circuit Judge for the First Judicial Circuit of the State of Alabama and previously served from 1981 until 1987 as District Attorney for the First Judicial Circuit. Mr. McPhearson is actively involved in timber and real estate enterprises. His legal experience as a practitioner, which involved some representation and advising of business entities, as well as his knowledge and understanding of the communities served by USBI and First US Bank gained through his time on the bench, all contribute greatly to the Board of Directors.


Jack W. Meigs
Retired Circuit Judge, Fourth Judicial Circuit of the State of Alabama
Mr. Meigs has served as Circuit Judge for the Fourth Judicial Circuit of the State of Alabama since 1991. Mr. Meigs' extensive legal experience in the local area, both as a practitioner and as a judge, provides him with a wide range of management skills and knowledge on topics important to business, which contributes greatly to the composition of the Board of Directors.


Aubrey S. Miller
SVP and Chief Development Officer of YMCA of Greater Birmingham;
Retired Executive Director AL Chapter of the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation
Mr. Miller has served as Executive Director of the Alabama Chapter of the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation in Birmingham since 2009. From 2005 to 2008, he was employed as President and Chief Development Officer of the Baptist Health Foundation in Birmingham. While with the Baptist Health Foundation, Mr. Miller was responsible for reorganizing and restructuring the Foundation. He has been involved in several professional and community organizations. Having been elected in 2014, Mr. Miller’s leadership and experience will be important to the Company’s Board."


Donna D. Smith
Retired Vice President of Human Resources and Ethics, Alabama Power Company
Ms. Smith, upon her retirement in February 2014 from Alabama Power, served as the Vice President of Human Resources and Ethics. She was employed by Alabama Power Company or Southern Company for over 25 years and also served on the Board of the Alabama Power Company Foundation. She has participated in several civic and professional organizations and groups. With her extensive business experience, Ms. Smith will be an asset to the Company having been elected to the Board in 2014.


Howard M. Whitted
Retired Forester, Weyerhaeuser Forester, Whitted Family Timberlands
Mr. Whitted was a forester for Weyerhaeuser Company, a forest products and container board manufacturer, from 1968 until his retirement in 2006. He is currently a forester and manager for Whitted Family Holdings. Mr. Whitted's general business experience and specifically his experience in the real estate and forestry industry provide valuable insight to the Board of Directors regarding land and timber valuations and market conditions, which are important to the business of USBI and First United Security Bank.


Bruce N. Wilson
Partner, Law Firm of Wilson & Drinkard
Mr. Wilson is a senior partner in the law firm of Wilson & Drinkard in Grove Hill, Alabama where he has worked since 1993. Through his law practice, Mr. Wilson has represented and continues to represent business and corporate clients throughout all phases of their operations. He counsels clients on various real estate, industrial, economic development, budgetary and auditing issues. Mr. Wilson's experience and understanding of these issues enable him to provide valuable insight to the Board of Directors.











 




Handmade Acoustic Guitars - Acoustic Guitars - Best Handmade Guitars














































Skip to Content









Site Navigation
Instruments


Guitars
Mandolins
Custom Shop










Features

Series
Body Shape
Tonewoods
Distinctive Elements
Finish
Electronics




Guitar Series

Exotic
Masterclass Brazilian
Masterclass
Journey
Legacy
Premier
Frontier Series
Oregon Myrtlewood
Oregon Sitka - Myrtlewood
USA
Stage Exotic
Stage
Solo
Pursuit Exotic
Pursuit
Discovery CE
Discovery

Acoustic Bass Guitars

Browse Acoustic Bass Guitars

Archives

Browse Archives












Archives

Browse Archives












Customize

Acoustic Guitar Pricing Tool






About


The Breedlove Vision
Exotic Tonewoods
Breedlove Promotions
Hear the Difference
The Craftsmen
The Shop
History
Videos
Testimonials

Submit A Testimonial


Reviews & Awards



Artists


Signature Artists
Breedlove Artists



Guitar Gear
Dealers
Support


FAQ
Resources

Artist Application
Downloads
Links


Care & Maintenance
Warranty

Warranty Registration


Contact
Careers

Job Opportunities


Catalogs



Blog
Search

















































The Concerto Body ShapeShaping the future of guitar





Stage Exotic SeriesAll Solid Exotic Woods. Magical Sound and Beauty


The USA SeriesLighter, Livelier Big Sound


Pursuit Exotic SeriesA Collection of Eight Extraordinary Concerts







Download
2017 Catalog





THE DIFFERENCE
DISTINCTIVE ELEMENTS






Follow Us

Business Details on Facebook
Business Details on Twitter
Business Details on Google+
Business Details on YouTube
Business Details on Instagram




Join the Community Promotion
Join our mailing list and enter to win free gear!Get the details!








This field is intended to catch out spammers - please leave it blank.






Support

FAQ
Resources
Care & Maintenance
Warranty
Contact
Careers
Catalogs



Contact Us
61573 American LoopBend, Oregon 97702
877.800.4848




©2015 – 2017 Breedlove Guitars - All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Website designed & developed by ToolStudios
Distinctively Crafted Sound.


















