


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Discover Our Work | Case Studies | PwC Digital Services





























Open Navigation Menu
Close Navigation Menu


Search










 
 








































 













 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version



























Bresnan Digital Services, LLC in Bethpage, NY - (516) 803-2300





























 

Enter company name












Home


Favorites


Lists


Employers by Major


Employ Veterans


Locations


Blog


Sign In





















                            The Most Advanced Company Information Database
                        





















 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Lists






 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Industries

 
 




Lists















Home

 




My Favorites
My Favorites





Lists





List Builder





Employers by Major





Employ Veterans





Locations





Industries





Blogs







X
You must be a subscriber!


This feature is available to paying subscribers only. 

Click here to learn about our subscription plans.
            



















Bresnan Digital Services, LLC

























Action 


Add to List
Add to Favorites
Share
































        Contact Information
    




Bresnan Digital Services, LLC



1111 Stewart Ave
Bethpage, NY 11714






Contact:



Title:



Phone:


                        516-803-2300
                    



Website:







There are 

23
                Companies located at 1111 Stewart Ave, Bethpage, NY 11714
            












 














            Map
        





View larger map









            Business Description
        



Bresnan Digital Services is located in Bethpage, New York. This organization primarily operates in the Telecommunications Consultant business / industry within the Engineering, Accounting, Research, and Management Services sector. This organization has been operating for approximately 2 years. Bresnan Digital Services is estimated to generate $62,000 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 1 people at this single location.









Sector:

Engineering, Accounting, Research, and Management Services



Category:

Business Consulting, nec



Industry:

Telecommunications Consultant




SIC Code:

8748











Name:
Bresnan Digital Services, LLC


Year Founded:


2015






Location Type:
Single


Revenue:

$ 62,000



Employees:

1



Facility Size:

N/A



* Revenue & Employees are estimates









Demographics for Zipcode 11714






Percentage Population



20,946
White
1,780
Hispanic
199
Black
1,241
Asian
60
Native American
17
Hawaiian
505
Other


92.4 %
White
7.9 %
Hispanic
0.9 %
Black
5.5 %
Asian
0.3 %
Native American
0.1 %
Hawaiian
2.2 %
Other













Population




Population 
22,658




Female52.5%11,896


Male47.5%10,762




Median Age

43.0




Female44.4


Male41.4






























Questions & Answers









How many people work at Bresnan Digital Services?





Bresnan Digital Services has approximately 1 employees at this location.







Is there a key contact at Bresnan Digital Services?





You can contact Bresnan Digital Services at (516) 803-2300







What are the annual sales for Bresnan Digital Services?





Bresnan Digital Services generates approximately $62,000 in annual sales.









How big is Bresnan Digital Services?





Bresnan Digital Services is estimated to generate $62,000 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 1 people at this location.







How long has Bresnan Digital Services been in business?





Bresnan Digital Services has been in business for approximately 2 years.







Where is Bresnan Digital Services located?





Bresnan Digital Services is located at 1111 Stewart Ave, Bethpage, NY 11714.







What is the phone number for Bresnan Digital Services?





The phone number for Bresnan Digital Services is (516) 803-2300







Are there other companies located at 1111 Stewart Ave, Bethpage, NY?





There are 23 commercial tenants at 1111 Stewart Ave, Bethpage, NY.










 

































Generate 
More Revenue 
with 
Buzzfile 











Uncover and contact more high-value prospects in less time than with any other resource





Information on 18 million companies, 50 million contacts, 6 million buildings & 18,000 industries





Complete list of businesses in any building





Advanced search, filtering and list-building





































Nearby Resources









                        Restaurant
                    




                        Coffee
                    




                        Parking
                    






                        Hotel
                    




                        Taxi
                    




                        Pharmacy
                    






                        Bank
                    




                        Gas
                    




                        Grocery
                    


















Statistics for Zipcode 11714






Average House Value


                                $ 441,000
                            



Average Household Income


                                $ 85,398
                            



Number of Households

7,996



Persons per Household

2.83













Number of Businesses

1,322



Number of Employees

12,622



Land Area (square miles)

4.324



Water Area (square miles)

0.000



















×
Save as List






List Name





Classification

General Interest
Personal
Prospect
Trade / Industry




List Type

Companies
Places
Contacts




Description





Upload Image




X



Who can access this list?



Public - Everyone can view and edit (appears in search results)





Pre-approve members with following email domain(s):

Domains





Add







Remove





Can members edit this list?



                                    Yes
                                




                                    No
                                




                                        I will decide for each user / group
                                    



Username





Add








Remove












                                                Location
                                            







                                                    This list covers companies throughout the entire U.S.
                                                




                                                    This list covers a specific geographic area (you can select more than one state, city…)
                                                


City






County






State






Zipcode





Area Code





Add





Type
Criteria







Remove











                                                Sector, Category & Industry
                                            





                                                Control the types of companies that can be added to this list.
                                            

Sector

 



Category

 



Industry

 



SIC Code

 



Add





Type
Criteria







Remove



























Add to List






Add to Existing List












Create a new list



Cancel
Save
















×
Sign In




Not a member? Register Now 




Username





Password











                                        Remember me
                                    


Forgot Password?

















×
Subscriber Not Found




Not a subscriber? Contact Buzzfile Now.



                        We could not locate a subscriber with that email or username.
                        Try signing in with a different username or email, or Telecom support at [email protected] or 212-913-9151.
                    




Username





Password





















Remove Company Confirmation



I confirm that I, , with email address  am an owner, employee or representative, with authorization to approve the removal of the profile for:




I authorize Buzzfile to release my contact and other pertinent information to the necessary parties should this removal be contested.
I am requesting to remove this company profile.


Dear , 
Your request to remove the company profile has been denied for:




You are only permitted to claim ownership and remove one company profile. You have previously claimed ownership and removed the profile for:




You can contact us at [email protected] with any questions.



Cancel


















About Us


Partnerships


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Remove Company


Contact Us







 
 






















 
 




        Copyright © 2017 Buzzfile Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
    

            45 Broadway, Ste 1420, New York, NY 10006
        












×
Error








Close










Alert






Close





























Bresnan Communications, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 2:33 AM ET
Media

Company Overview of Bresnan Communications, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Bresnan Communications, LLC, also known as Mountain States Cable Television, offers cable television service, high-speed Internet access, and digital telephone service. It offers products and services, such as digital cable, Internet access, high-definition television, video-on-demand, and digital video recording services to residential and business customers. The company also serves the business community through its Business Services and Advertising Sales divisions. It serves customers in Colorado, Montana, Wyoming, and Utah. The company was founded in 1984 and is based in Bethpage, New York. Bresnan Communications, LLC operates as a subsidiary of Charter Communications Operating, LLC.


1111 Stewart AvenueBethpage, NY 11714United StatesFounded in 1984



Phone: 516-803-2300

Fax: 516-803-2502








Key Executives for Bresnan Communications, LLC




Mr. Andrew C. Kober CPA


      	Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
      








Mr. Robert V. Bresnan


      	Executive Vice President and General Counsel
      








Mr. Gareth P. McIntosh


      	Senior Vice President of Engineering
      








Ms. Margot C. Bright


      	Senior Vice President and Treasurer
      








Mr. Patrick J. Bresnan


      	Senior Vice President
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 "It" Girl Public Relations United States +SmithGifford, Inc. United States .TV Technologies, Inc. United States @International Services, Inc. United States 1 Chronicles 14, L.P. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Bresnan Communications, LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Bresnan Communications Group LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















bresnan communications group llc
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Communications
Industry: Telecom
Sub-Industry: Telecom Carriers
Bresnan Communications Group, LLC offers telecommunication products and services. The Company offers digital cable, internet access, high-definition television, video-on-demand, and digital video recording services to residential and business customers. Bresnan Communications serves customers in Colorado, Montana, Wyoming, and Utah.




Corporate Information
Address:

One Manhattanville Road
Purchase, NY 10577-2596
United States


Phone:
1-914-641-3300


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.bresnan.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































BRESNAN BROADBAND OF WYOMING, LLC - PURCHASE, NY - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



PURCHASE



Cable and Other Pay Television Services



Cable And Other Pay Television Services



                            BRESNAN BROADBAND OF WYOMING, LLC
                                    



 





















B 


BRESNAN BROADBAND OF WYOMING, LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



BRESNAN DIGITAL SVCS LLC PURCHASE, NY 10577
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated WY
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count --
 Industries Cable And Other Pay Television Services
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







B

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















Bresnan Communications | crunchbase
vwrwzzucraysrterucvwrwzDISCOVERCompaniesPeopleInvestorsFunding RoundsAcquisitionsSchoolsEventsMy SearchesMy ListsFeaturedContributeData SolutionsAboutTermsCareersSitemapEditorial Partners: TechCrunch© 2017 Crunchbase Inc.All rights reserved.Bresnan CommunicationsOverviewTimelineContributorsTop ContributorsAdd to this ProfileContributeOverviewUpdateStatusAcquired by Cablevision Systems on June 14, 2010Headquarters:Bethpage, New YorkDescription:Bresnan Communications, LLC offers broadband telecommunications services. The company offers products and services, such as digital cable,Categories:Web HostingWebsite:http://www.bresnan.comCompany DetailsUpdateFounded:1984Contact:3075140613Employees:1k - 5k | 3 in CrunchbaseBresnan Communications, LLC offers broadband telecommunications services. The company offers products and services, such as digital cable, Internet access, high-definition television, video-on-demand, and digital video recording services to residential and business customers. It serves customers in Colorado, Montana, Wyoming, and Utah. The company was founded in 1984 and was based in Purchase, New York until being acquired by Cablevision in 2010.
Current Team (3)UpdateAndrew C. KoberCFOSteven M. BrooksteinCOOJeffrey S. DeMondPresident and CEONews (13)UpdateDateNewsFeb 16, 2011Gigaom - Cablevision Gets Subscriber Boost From Bresnan AcquisitionJun 14, 2010Gigaom - Vid-Biz: World Cup Results, Hulu CTO Leaves, CambioJun 14, 2010Gigaom - Cablevision to Buy Bresnan Cable In Westward ExpansionJun 14, 2010Gigaom - Cablevision Looks West, Acquires Bresnan Communication For $1.36 BillionJun 14, 2010PaidContent (closed) - Cablevision Systems acquired Bresnan CommunicationsOct 26, 2009Gigaom - Online Video Tech Firm Clearleap Rolls Out Self-Serve VOD MarketplaceMay 20, 2009ZD Net - R.I.P., NebuAd. But, What If You Had Just Asked For The User's Consent? Nov 14, 2008Gigaom - Ad Industry Roundup: NYT; Yahoo; Behavioral Targeting; Ad-Skipping; MeredithAll NewsOffices/Locations (2)UpdatePurchase OfficeOne Manhattanville RoadPurchase, New York 10577United StatesHeadquarters1111 Stewart AvenueBethpage, New York 11714United StatesPast Team (1)UpdateMichael HenrySVP, Sales @ SocialFlowAdd Funding RoundsAdd AcquisitionsAdd Board Members and AdvisorsAdd ProductsAdd Sub OrganizationsAdd CompetitorsAdd MembershipsAdd CustomersAdd PartnersAdd ImagesAdd VideosB2CDA-LR37J-YK78Y-A3S53-VWN7U




























Bresnan Digital Services llc - Whitefish, MT - Miscellaneous Business Services







 




























 




Whitefish, MT



Miscellaneous Business Services



 
 










Sign in




















Miscellaneous Business Services

Bresnan Digital Services llc 





6300 Us Highway 93 S

Whitefish,
                    MT
59937

                    -
                    Flathead County














                    (406) 883-5606

                  








Select




Send

Print





























Details



About:
Bresnan Digital Services llc in Whitefish, MT - Flathead County is a business listed in the categories Miscellaneous Business Services, Internet Providers, Internet Service Providers, All Other Information Services, Internet Service And Access Providers, Services, Nec and Services. If you did business with Bresnan Digital Services llc, please leave a review and help us improve and help other people. Also, don't forget to mention Hubbiz.
          
        


Categories:

            Miscellaneous Business Services, 
            Internet Providers, 
            Internet Service Providers, 
            All Other Information Services, 
            Internet Service and Access Providers, 
            Services, Nec, 
            Services
    




Share




Tweet










Additional Phones:


              (406) 755-5747 (Main)
            

              (406) 752-2655 (Other)
            

              (406) 752-0715 (Main)
            


























Useful content








Discover Valuable Information
            We organize and make available for you to find over 30 million pieces of content shared by over 10 million local businesses and professionals.
            
            Find advice, how-tos, news, deals, videos and much more.
          




 Find More Content











Generating recommendations...







    Reviews for Bresnan Digital Services llc
  


 Leave a 





 









Write a compliment here...






signin
250 250
Send









0 Be the first to write a review
      






 



Explore more like Bresnan Digital Services llc


Whitefish, MT



Miscellaneous Business Services





Whitefish, MT



Internet Providers














Miscellaneous Business Services






Bresnan Digital Services llc

Miscellaneous Business Services

6300 Us Highway 93 S
Whitefish, MT









Whitefish Legacy Partners

Charitable & Non-Profit Organizations

525 Railway St Ste 200
Whitefish, MT









Rocks & Things

Miscellaneous Business Services

404 1st St Ste A
Whitefish, MT









River Design Group Inc

Hydrologists

5098 Us Highway 93 S
Whitefish, MT









Green River Energy Resources

Miscellaneous Business Services

186 Dawn Dr
Columbia Falls, MT








Free QR Code



Download
— or embed —

Copy code





Business Owner?
Claim this Business
— or —
Add your Business


For your website


      Add the followers counter:





Copy
Customize
























Copyright © 2011-2017 Hubbiz®
      | Contact
      | Terms of Use
      | Privacy Policy
      | Request API Access
      | Facebook
      | Twitter
        | Some data from Acxiom
    

















 I own or represent this business

 Address is a residence
 Incorrect information
 Business doesn't exist
 I have more information about this business
 Phone is a personal number
 I want to contact Hubbiz



















Judicial View > State Cases > Montana > Communications > Bresnan Communications, LLC v State of Montana, Department of Revenue 





Login




E-mail:



Password:




 



Forgot Your Password?








 
Are you sure you want to log out?

 











 












 Home   Federal Cases   State Cases   News   Search   Cart   Log In  





 



 
Search 591,341 Cases and Articles on TJV!
 














 




Montana State Categories       

Administrative LawADRAgricultureBusiness OrganizationsBusiness ValuationCivil ProcedureCivil RemediesCivil RightsCommunicationsCompetitionConflict of LawsConstitutional LawConstructionContractsCriminal JusticeDamagesDomestic RelationsEducationEmploymentEnergy / UtilitiesEntertainmentEnvironmentalExpert WitnessFinance / BankingGovernment / PoliticsHealth CareInsuranceMalpracticeMaritimeProduct LiabilityPropertySecuritiesShareholderTaxationTortsTransportationVeteransWills / Trusts / Estates   
 




 



Home >> State Cases >> Montana >> Communications >> Bresnan Communications, LLC v State of Montana, Department of Revenue 

 











More
<html>































Bresnan Communications, LLC v State of Montana, Department of Revenue

Case No. DA 12-0569 (MT S.Ct., Dec. 2, 2013)


		  		    The State of Montana Department of Revenue (Department) appeals the order of the Thirteenth Judicial District, Yellowstone County, that determined that the Department lacked authority to impose retroactive assessments on Bresnan Communications, LLC (Bresnan). The Department also appeals the separate findings of fact, conclusions of law, and order that determined that Bresnan owns exclusively class eight cable television system properties under § 15-6-138(l)(k), MCA. We reverse and remand.   

We address the following issues on appeal:   

1. Whether the District Court properly determined that Bresnan owned exclusively class eight property?   

2. Whether the District Court properly concluded that the Department lacked authority to impose retroactive property tax assessments? 

PROCEDURAL AND FACTUAL BACKGROUND 

Bresnan challenged the Department’s decision to tax Bresnan as a single entity rather than allowing Bresnan to apportion unilaterally its assets among tax classifications. Bresnan is a Delaware Limited Liability Company that operates in Montana. Bresnan purchased the cable television network infrastructure in Montana that is at the center of this dispute in 2003.   

Bresnan’s 2003 network was typical of cable systems. The “headend” of that network received and broadcasted data that Bresnan chose. The headend broadcasted data over the “trunk cable,” the industry name for the networked cable system that connected Bresnan’s data feed to each customer’s neighborhood. Once the data reached a customer’s neighborhood, the “feeder cable” transmitted data throughout the neighborhood. Each individual customer had a “drop cable” that connected the feeder cable to the customer’s home. The drop cable connected to the customer’s “terminal equipment.” The terminal equipment, commonly known as the set-top box, interpreted which data to play on a television.

        
         



Click to View the Full Text PDF of the Court's Decision
Bresnan Communications, LLC v State of Montana, Department of Revenue
 
			         
        
Judge(s): Brian Morris
Jurisdiction: Montana Supreme Court


Related Categories: Taxation
 


Supreme Court Judge(s)



             Beth Baker
            





             Patricia Cotter
            





             Mike McGrath
            





             Laurie McKinnon
            





             Brian Morris
            





             Jim Rice
            





             Michael Wheat
            



 
    	  
	    		     	    	   		 	 	  
Trial Court Judge(s)



             Susan Watters
            



 
    	              	     	 	  
Appellant Lawyer(s)
Appellant Law Firm(s)
                  


             Courtney Jenkins
            

             Office of the Montana Attorney General
            



             David Stewart
            

             Office of the Montana Attorney General
            



             Teresa Whitney
            

             Office of the Montana Attorney General
            

 
    	              	     	 	  
Appellee Lawyer(s)
Appellee Law Firm(s)
                  


             Shane Coleman
            

             Holland & Hart LLP
            



             Kyle Gray
            

             Holland & Hart LLP
            



             Robert Sterup
            

             Holland & Hart LLP
            

 
              

 



 

CUSTOM EMAIL ALERTS!





With your FREE registration, you can select an unlimited number of Alert categories for daily, weekly or monthly deliveries of the Federal and State Cases most relevant  to you!
 Click Here to sign up.
 



 




      

 







 

Click the maroon box above for a formatted PDF of the decision.
156(1)(d), mca. montana taxes class thirteen property at “6% of its market value.” section ¶68 the court sidesteps the hard work of analyzing the record evidence, declining “to reliance on the department’s audit does not render these findings clearly erroneous—m. r. the department to classify nearly all of bresnan’s property under class thirteen, opinion, ¶ from the audit’s revelation of inaccuracies in bresnan’s self-classification. we decline to transmission of electrical data signals. section 15-6-156(1)(d), mca. the department’s additional language of “and under 15-6-138 [class eight]” to the class thirteen exemptions. voip traffic on its network. district court also vacated the department’s retroactive assessments of bresnan. the bresnan’s cable and internet properties from 2007 to 2009. local assessments resulted in a bresnan segregated each service for taxation purposes. montana imposes an excisetax upon “cable television system” as defined by any section of the montana code, including § 15-6- physical attributes of bresnan’s network confines the department’s ability to classify surprisingly, omimex represents the sole case where we have determined that the physical ¶27 the district court further concluded as a matter of law that “bresnan’s addition of eight “cable television systems” from class thirteen, the legislature could have added the bresnan had paid under protest. bresnan lastly challenged the legality of the department’s telephony services (voip). bresnan labels these services its “triple play” package. the must be based upon substantial distinctions which make one class really different from ¶28 the department challenges the district court’s focus on bresnan’s physicalattributes 2009 because the voice operations were “allocations of [a] centrally assessed ¶23 we review for clear error a district court’s findings of fact. roland v. davis, 2013 3% local assessment on cable and internet properties. the department knew of bresnan’s individual customer had a “drop cable” that connected the feeder cable to the customer’s value of individual components. whether a taxpayer uses local filing, ascomparedto central ¶49 we next address whether the department possessed authority to issue revised company in the first place—and its predominately one-way cable television property. case law foreclosed reassessments “made to comport with a change in assessor judgment”to 28 services.” dr. ciciora concluded that “[m]ost of [bresnan’s] cable television systems are v. sanders co., 66 mont. 608, 615-16, 214 p. 596, 599 (1923) (determining “[c]lassification a single transmission line to deliver three services to customers. bresnan fits the statutory ¶62 the proper application of these tests results in companies being taxed under multiple eight property? to appropriate tax procedures. the department reclassified bresnan as a class thirteen television system.” the district court evaluated bresnan’s “[o]ne-way transmission of form of “one-way transmission that receives and amplifies television broadcast signals.” department had classified bresnan’s voice operations as class thirteen propertyfrom 2007to operations. bresnan included roughly 10% of company assets in its voice operation tax believe that the court has disregarded the plain wording and intent of montana’s property that its network operates exclusively a “cable television system” denies the obvious fact of “use of even the most technologically advanced cable television systems today.” bresnan’s added). we construe these statutes and regulations on the same subject matter so that all the proper metric to classify bresnan. wheir, 105 mont. at 354-55, 73 p.2d at 213. judgment. bailey v. state farm mut. auto. ins. co., 2013 mt 119, ¶ 18, 370 mont. 73, 300 court previously has defined “allocation” for taxation purposes as “the process ofattributing analysis of the use and productivity of bresnan’s entire network results in the inescapable is the work of the department. it should be called highway robbery—perhaps the first case optical fiber between the headend and feeder cable distribution nodes. bresnan invested in network to provide cable, to provide data, and to provide voice services. section 15-53- utilities.” services office; helena, montana than allowing bresnan to apportion unilaterally its assets among tax classifications. bresnan ¶20 the department similarly assessed bresnan centrally on may 26, 2010,asone unitfor ¶14 the montana legislature amended the montana tax code in 1999 to include language of the network as a whole fits the statutory definition of a telecommunications network. an the department illegally had assessed all of bresnan’s property as class thirteen property. ¶64 turning to the statutes, we are to start with the principle that “[t]ax statutes must be properties assessments as “bresnan communications, llc.” local communities assessed ¶43 the dissent argues that the department’s failure to value bresnan’s property in construe statutes that address the same subject matter and that are consistent with one connections in seattle and denver, local data servers in main headends, anda “cable modem ¶29 the district court relied heavily upon our decision in omimex canada, ltd. v. state recipient subscribed to telephony and [i]nternet, they weren’t [reported] in the telephony neighborhood, the “feeder cable” transmitted data throughout the neighborhood. each another.”); see § 15-6-101(2), mca. the legislature made a conscious decision totaxcable 27 to install its cable television system in public rights of way. bresnan needed to pay no property contained only that property dedicated exclusively to voice service. bresnan had thirteen “telecommunication services provider.” this reclassification resulted in bresnan for appellee: ¶11 bresnan made further upgrades to enable commercial voip. theseupgrades included 11 authority under § 15-8-601, mca, to reassess property subject to central assessment when 24 “telecommunications services provider” offers retail telecommunications services. section montana imposes no excise taxes upon cable television or high speed internet. section 15- 15-53-129 (14), mca. “retail telecommunications,” in turn, involve “the two-way single electrical signal for transfer over bresnan’s system. bresnan also provided cable include “cable television systems.” section 15-6-138(1)(k), mca. montana taxes class or the allocations of the network’s physical elements . . . .” opinion, ¶ 40. however, were devoted exclusively to the one-way transmission of video programming, while 26 v. kruse v. cascade cnty., 244 mont. 126, 796 p.2d 568 (1990). we clarified in kruse that “telecommunications services companies.” section 15-6-156(1)(d), mca (2001). the evans products, 201 mont. at 343, 654 p.2d at 526. the department logically possesses the ¶22 the district court granted bresnan’s motion for summary judgment on the classification statute contains the requirement that a taxpayer have “a major distribution (2007). omimex, ¶ 26. mca. the property requires central assessment” would render the department unable to performits avoid impermissible prejudice to the taxpayer. july 28, 2010. the authority to issue a revised assessment of bresnan in order to capture the value of purposes” as “the transmission of information between or among points specified by the are available today.” facilities that originates or terminates in this state”). indeed, the court correctly notesthatby property in class eight or class thirteen. montana law defines class eight properties to services, nearly all of its property can be assessed by the department under class thirteen. i microwave satellite operations as a portion of the same 10% of company assets. the programming. bresnan wanted to bundle expanded cable programming (cable), on-demand declaration. bresnan reported voice operations as “bresnan digital services, llc” doing ¶56 the department’s audit determined that bresnan’s allocations of percentages of its accordingly under class thirteen as a telecommunication service. powell cnty., 76 mont. at ¶61 the court eschews any attempt to analyze the extensive record evidence and instead “[p]roperty which has not been fully taxed according to appropriate tax procedures may be justice jim rice, dissenting. of which are taxed in multiple classes. more specifically, regarding the telecommunications video programming,” “set of closed transmission paths,” and “system that receives and the transmission includes all related services associated with providing the information by district court relied upon the department’s apparent failure to “reconcile the necessity of services companies” under the new amendment. section 15-6-156(1)(d), mca (2001). honorable susan p. watters, presiding judge omimex, ¶ 21. the legislature explicitly excluded from class thirteen any class fiveproperty contention that “bresnan, as a whole, is a telecommunications company.” thedistrict court context of property that must be assessed centrally. evans products and kruse make clear, ¶59 bresnan challenges the department’s decision to issue a revised assessment as the bresnan for tax years 2007, 2008, and 2009. bresnan also sought to prevent the department system hardening reduced interference that specifically would have affected the data and bresnan’s one-way cable television property. the cars represent bresnan’s two-way ¶21 bresnan sought to prevent the department from issuing revised assessments of ¶17 bresnan included the remaining 90% of its assets in locally reported cableandinternet 6% centralized assessment on bresnan’s voice property. ¶15 montana’s administrative rules require the department to value centrally reported decrease from the pre-1999 assessment and taxation rates for “the assets of segments.” the property that bresnan had classified as “telecommunications services” years 2007-2009” upon discovery of “the information necessary to make a determination on business as “montana telephony” from 2007 to 2009. bresnan also centrally reported its decision to report its cable and internet properties for local assessment as class eight cooperative utility cable television system, “that receives and amplifies the signals broadcast in 2003, to the multi-service capable network at issue in this litigation. bresnan’s argument voip capabilities. bresnan provided use of the cmts to combine the residential voip data channels were devoted to voice/data, and 28 channels were used for video-on-demand ¶51 the department points out that none of our revised assessment cases “involve[d] ¶8 the cmts allowed bresnan to combine the internet data with the cable data into a had been a clerical error or a ministerial mistake. the district court determined that our ¶65 the statute does not require that all property of a telecommunications services 12 combined with bresnan’s attendant property, has expanded bresnan’s operation beyond a construed in favor of the taxpayer.” omimex, ¶ 25. the statutes make clear that holding ¶40 the montana legislature has seen fit to define a class thirteen telecommunication bresnan’s self-reporting of its assets. the historic improper classification of bresnan’s productivity” tests. property taxation.” dissent, ¶ 67. the department’s audit of bresnan revealed, however, that very little of the delivery of an electrical data signal only for cable television. bresnan’s expert report procedures. section 15-8-601(b), mca. 654 p.2d at 526; kruse, 244 mont. at 129, 796 p.2d at 570. unit valuation involves a and the language in bresnan’s montana cable television franchise agreements that television system. class eight property includes “cable television systems,” § 15-6- ¶9 bresnan upgraded its network further to provide voip residential telephone services. montana, including bresnan, self-report their assets into different assessment classes. a transmission that receives and amplifies television broadcast signals. the court’swholesale being subject to central assessment. the audit further revealed past improper classification /s/ laurie mckinnon and not in conflict with the statute” and must “effectuate the purpose of the statute.” mont. trout ¶34 bresnan altered its network from one with the limited ability to broadcast only cable capacity of that network to provide voice, cable, and data electrical signals to subscribers department would for the first time assess centrally allocations of “telecommunications what constitutes a telecommunications services provider for property taxpurposes. we must reclassification increased bresnan’s tax burden from $1,711,365 in tax year 2009 to bd. of equalization, 138 mont. 603, 621, 358 p.2d 55, 64 (1960). the physical attributes of p.2d at 60. this decision allows the department to address properly “an administrative company is to be taxed under class thirteen. by allowing the department to tax bresnan’s comprise class thirteen properties. section 15-6-156(1)(d), mca. the definitionssectionof central to this dispute. the amendment specifically incorporated “telecommunications duty under montana law. roland, ¶ 21. we review de novo a district court’s ruling on a motion for summary upgraded distribution plant, and installation labor.” that same report describes additional upgrades to enable residential voice services. system hardening included further physical ¶5 bresnan began to upgrade the network’s infrastructure to include new servicesshortly 599, 247 p. at 1097; wheir, 105 mont. at 347, 73 p.2d at 213. equipment, commonly known as the set-top box, interpreted which data to play on a ¶44 the dissent further argues that the overwhelming use of bresnan’s property takes the 2013 mt 357 intended to include all other property that a telecommunications services provider owns in combiners, optical fiber between headends and distribution nodes, and existing drop cables. television systems at a 3% rate under class eight, § 15-6-138(1)(k), mca, and david r. stewart, courtney jenkins (argued), teresa g. whitney, special purpose of montana’s taxation classification statutes. statutory definitions and we concur: hart llp; billings, montana bresnan’s use of its system involves exclusively cable television that relies on one-way another to ensure that all statutes have effect. mountain w. farm bureau mut. ins. co. v. after the purchase. bresnan sought to integrate services beyond basic television attributes or use and productivity of bresnan’s internet property.” 1 “analog electronic communication long has been measured in “bandwidth” in units ofmegahertz 156(2)(f), mca. this express exclusion of class five property implies that the legislature devotion to a single use qualify as single and continuous properties. w. union tel. co. v. entire company into class thirteen, thereby increasing bresnan’s taxes byanincredible329% /s/ mike mcgrath to impose retroactive property tax assessments? mca. we should not permit the department to ignore this distinction.2 consistent with the 4 standard that montana courts use to classify property. the district court’s focus upon the discussion to the taxing state the value of a portion of an interstate system for tax purposes.” unlimited v. mont. dept. of nat. resources and conserv., 2006 mt 72, ¶ 36, 331 mont. 483, 133 classification system—different types of property are taxed in different classes. n. pac. ry. weren’t in [bresnan’s telephony reporting].” hofland expressed further concerns about omimex. this physical attribute requirement in omimex—in the form ofa majordistribution /s/ jim rice /s/ brian morris hearing on hb 174, 1999 legis., reg. sess. 11-13 (apr. 12, 1999). definition of a property that the department must assess centrally. section 15-6-156(1)(d), administrative guidelines taken together, and in the absence of an applicableexclusion, make service address” in twenty counties. section 15-53-129(10)(a), mca. bresnan uses its determined that bresnan owns exclusively class eight cable television system properties 1. whether the district court properly determined that bresnan owned the district court relied both on the legislature’s definition of a “cable television system,” clear that bresnan’s use and productivity fits the definition of a “telecommunication services bresnan’s lack of backup to “audited financial data” with regard to bresnan’s historic 22 “telecommunications” under both title 15 and the administrative rules. section 15-53- hall, 2001 mt 314, ¶ 23, 308 mont. 29, 38 p.3d 825. 2009 following the audit. the department’s revised assessments centrally assessed all of exclusively class eight property? television system under these factors. 21 user. the transmission must be without change in the form or content as sent and received. nothing could be more indicative of a network’s use than the number and type of datasignals transmission capacity, fiber optic in most cases, to offer many of their advanced servicesthat signals. the operation of a “telecommunications services compan[y],” involvesthetwo-way equipment. bresnan owns class thirteen property in those locations where bresnan operates 2 class thirteen central assessment at a 6% tax rate. section 15-6-156(4), mca. the basis of use, opinion ¶¶ 31, 34, 40, but ultimately fails to do so by allowing the department this class and tax them at a 12% rate, see § 15-6-141(2). clearly, this is not the case, as other income statement and balance sheet to a centralized assessment represented a shift in dep’t of revenue, 2008 mt 403, 347 mont. 176, 201 p.3d 3. in omimex, we considered yellowstone pipe line co., 138 mont. at 612, 358 p.2d at 60. the class thirteen definition of 7 the department consider all of bresnan’s property located within montana for taxation justice brian morris delivered the opinion of the court. court to enter a judgment consistent with this opinion. telecommunications” in future telecommunications developments. mont. sen.tax. comm., 15 centrally assessed property.” the authority to issue revised assessments is critical because network. bresnan used both the cmts and the recently-installed signal combiners, optical district court determined that the overwhelming use of bresnan’s property is one-way cable television network infrastructure in montana that is at the center of this dispute in property that has not been taxed fully according to appropriate tax procedures. relies heavily on the presumption that because bresnan provides some telecommunications not tie the department’s hands simply because it discovered the improper classification assessor judgment. the district court concluded that the “change in appraisal judgment” telecommunications services property. accordingly, after making extensive findings, the statutes have effect. mountain w. farm bureau, ¶ 23. modems to subscribers who purchased internet service. to achieve the transfer of internet transmissions that receive and amplify broadcast signals. in fact, most of bresnan’s system, in and for the county of yellowstone, cause no. dv-10-1312 method of assessment for the 2010 tax year. 247 p. 1096, 1097 (1926); wheir v. dye, 105 mont. 347, 73 p.2d 209 (1937). the ¶31 the district court’s analysis focused upon a physical attribute of bresnan’s productivity of bresnan’s property under class thirteen instead of class eight requires us to portion.” hofland similarly explained that “[i]f they subscribed to telephony and cable, they for appellant: department further takes issue with the district court’s lack of “analysis on the physical amplifies the signals broadcast by one or more television stations” to reach its conclusion. services companies.” section 15-6-156(1)(d), mca. bresnan’s qualification as a assessment did not apply to bresnan. the district court exempted bresnan from central ¶46 montana law requires the department to assess centrally “property owned by a to the exclusion of the use and productivity of bresnan’s property. the department alleges authority to issue a revised assessment. section 15-8-601(b), mca. many taxpayers in by one or more television stations.” section 35-18-102, mca. bresnan cites to its cable of property on the part of bresnan. this improper classification apparently arose through services. bresnan used the cmts to combine the commercial voip data with residential thirteenth judicial district, yellowstone county, that determinedthatthe departmentlacked and management. w. union tel. co., 91 mont. at 322-23, 7 p.2d at 552-53. comments at the hearings on the bill show that the bill’s sponsor intended to provide a tax been taxed fully according to appropriate tax procedures. evans products, 201 mont.at343, video services, high-speed internet data services (internet), and voice-over internet protocol ¶1 the state of montana department of revenue (department) appeals the order of the its customers. section 15-53-129(10)(a), mca. data and voice are “related services concluded that bresnan owned class eight properties. the district court directed the in order to segregate its property. bresnan used centralized, statewide reporting for its voice assessments for bresnan’s property for tax years 2007, 2008, and 2009. the district court mt 148, ¶ 21, 370 mont. 327, 302 p.3d 91. clear error exists if substantial, credible admin. r. m. 42.22.101(31) (2011). a “telecommunications services provider,” § 15-53- department to refund with interest the payments that bresnan had made under protest. the fiber between headends and distribution nodes, and existing drop cables to achieve the argued and submitted: september 25, 2013 placed the department’s reassessment “outside the definition of an—‘erroneous is authorized to tax nearly all of its property under class thirteen. reporting arrangement. the telecommunication service provider.” admin. r. m. 42.22.101(30) (2011) (emphasis transmission of voice, image, data, or other information over wire, cable, fiber optics, 14 mistake. roland, ¶ 21. we review for correctness a district court’s conclusions of law. mca (“retail telecommunications” means “the two-way transmission of voice,image,data, service to its customers, bresnan used both the cmts and the recently-installed signal transmission to subscribers of video programming.” the district court’s findings are this outcome. the expression of one thing in a statute implies the exclusion of another. ¶47 bresnan operates a single and continuous network in the twenty montana counties department is simply addressing “an administrative matter within its broad discretion.” opinion, ¶ ¶32 bresnan argues that we should uphold the district court’s conclusion regardless m. 42.22.101(30) (2011). investments “needed to provide data services” and “needed to provide v[o]ip residential general setting in the economic organization of society.” yellowstone pipe line co. v. state utility property, such as “air and water pollution control equipment,” is classified under class use of bresnan’s property is for class eight purposes. this disincentive for companies to from issuing any other revised assessments. bresnan additionally sought a declaration that 2011. the district court conducted a bench trial on october 24, 2011. the district court 23 9 that a telecommunications services provider owns in class thirteen,” opinion, ¶ 41, does ¶35 various provisions within title 15 and the administrative rules of montana explain corporation, portland general corporation, and yellowstonevalley electriccooperative,all audit of bresnan confirms that “bresnan upgraded their equipment and lines to two-way distribution utilities . . . .” section 15-6-141(1)(d), mca. under the court’s analysis, this valuation considers the market value of the company as a functional whole instead of the ¶19 the department issued revised assessments for bresnan for tax years 2007,2008,and classified the remaining lion’s share of its property as “cable television services.” this this analysis imparts the department with the authority to classify bresnan’s property holding runs directly counter to the property classification structure and to the manner in ¶38 title 15 and administrative rules, taken together, confirm that “for property tax class thirteen. section 15-6-156(2)(f), mca. if the legislature had intended to exclude class “allocations of centrally assessed telecommunications servicescompanies”requires onlythat franchise agreements for bresnan to deliver its video programming” with the department’s continuous” properties are functionally integrated over a wide area and enjoy a unity of use bresnan’s property and the productivity that results from the use of that property represent of information superhighway robbery by the tax authorities. lanes. 796 of these lanes are filled bumper-to-bumper with trucks travelling one way, 24 19 that results from that use. chicago, m. & st. p. ry. co. v. powell cnty., 76 mont. 596, 599, section 15-6-156 (2)(f), mca. the legislature did not do so. defendant and appellant. bresnan.” the department contends that it “performed unit valuations on bresnan for tax changes, listing properties that are utilized for telecommunications services under class 25 filing, dictates the method that the department uses to value property. should be so classified. thus, the statutes require an apportionment of taxes between property classes, depending on the use of their property. the district court extensively ¶55 the department’s audit revealed that bresnan should be classified properly as a class properly reassessed.” kruse, 244 mont. at 129, 796 p.2d at 570. is a delaware limited liability company that operates in montana. bresnan purchased the omimex, ¶ 17. section 15-6-141(1)(b), mca (2007), encompasses “allocations forcentrally that “[o]ver 97% of bresnan’s montana bandwidth is used exclusively for the one-way appraisers must “annually test whether a property requires central assessment.” the telephony services,” as well as the “incremental cost of enabling commercial v[o]ip voice services, such as bresnan’s telephony operations. section 15-53-128 et seq., mca. 20 provider” includes “a telecommunication services company or a person providing retail department contends that restraint on its ability to “exercise judgment to determine whether ¶30 “[c]able television systems” comprise class class eight property. section 15-6- 138(1)(k), mca. “[a]llocations of centrally assessed telecommunications services which services the customer had purchased from bresnan, all data arrived into a single piece 129(10)(a), mca; admin. r. m. 42.22.101(30) (2011). as currently used, has the capacity to support the two-way transmission of electrical data assessment’” allowed under § 15-8-601, mca. the department argues that it “lacked the applied a use test to measure bresnan’s “ppe [property, plant, and equipment], bandwidth, received and broadcasted data that bresnan chose. the headend broadcasted data over the 129(14), mca. bresnan’s activities constitute “retail telecommunications” and december 2 2013 bresnan’s classification based upon bresnan’s use of all of its property and the productivity system—remains unique for purposes of property tax classification statutes. not technologically advanced, providing cable television programming, and high speed data and accounting and valuation report describes a “multi-million dollar commitment to enhance[] that the district court erroneously considered only “a portion of [bresnan’s] use and ¶37 the administrative rules of montana clarify that a “telecommunications service ¶57 kory hofland (hofland) worked as the unit manager of centrally assessed and title 15 defines the parameters of a telecommunications services company. a counsel of record: way telephony and internet property, it operates, in part, as a telecommunications company. decline to parse the number and type of electrical data signals that bresnan transmits over its changes to bresnan’s network. specifically, bresnan installed battery backups and other result of a “change in assessor judgment.” evidence in the record directly contradicts over that single distribution system. sections 15-53-129 (14), -129(10)(a), mca. we ¶4 bresnan’s 2003 network was typical of cable systems. the “headend”of thatnetwork transfer of commercial voip service to its customers. and [t]elephony is understated.” home. the drop cable connected to the customer’s “terminal equipment.” the terminal authority to impose retroactive property tax assessments? property as cable, data, or voice failed to “appropriately represent the operations of the network or the allocations of the network’s physical elements when the use and productivity parse the number and type of electrical data signals that bresnan transmits over its network classified as a “cable television system” or a “telecommunications services company.” the information necessary to make a determination on central assessment before its audit of services” into the tax code when it created an assessment classification for bresnan enabled the department to discover property that had not been taxedfully according upgrades necessary to include these services altered bresnan’s network from its 2003 form. language would necessarily incorporate all properties of natural gas distribution utilitiesinto ¶25 we first address whether montana law allows the department to classify bresnan’s ¶10 bresnan also engaged in the “[s]ystem [h]ardening” process for its network after 6 owned by an organization that provides telecommunications services. section 15-6- facilitates the two-way transmission of voice, image, and data. p.3d 1206. to place nearly all of bresnan’s property into class thirteen. ¶67 moreover, the court fails to apply our use and productivity test with any precision. or other information over wire, cable, fiber optics, microwave, radio, satellite, or similar eight properties at 3%. section 15-6-138(3), mca. class thirteen properties comprise ¶69 bresnan has been changing the services it provides from cable television to ¶52 we have defined the contours of revised assessments only twice. wedeterminedfirst (2011). the administrative rules further define “telecommunications for property tax ¶66 the court’s determination that the “legislature intended to include all other property 3 mca. bresnan provides “voice,” “data,” and “other information” over “fiber optic” cableto classification, conversely, denotes by its terms “centrally assessed telecommunications county.” section 15-23-101(2), mca. properties that enjoy a unity of ownership and ¶7 bresnan made additional investments to prepare its system for internet services is charged to a customer with a montana service address.” section 15-53-129(10)(a), mca. of terminal equipment. the single terminal equipment processed that data and delivered the telecommunications services. consistent therewith, bresnan has been reporting those definition, “[a] ‘telecommunications services provider’ offers retail telecommunications the department concedes “that bresnan’s systems are capable, at least in part, of these standard of review matched the language in the federal cable act. bresnan fit the definition of a cable authority to impose retroactive assessments on bresnan communications, llc (bresnan). associated” with bresnan’s original network that historically providedonlycable. admin. r. voice and data services did not change the character of its cable television systems.” the more thorough look at the taxpayer’s property through an audit constitutes the only vehicle specific type of appraisal. appraisal represents an “integral part of the taxation process.” ¶63 regarding bresnan, the district court found from the extensive evidence presented following its cable upgrade. bresnan made business arrangements to provide connection to informed bresnan that montana law required the department to assess bresnan centrally as ¶24 whether the district court properly determined that bresnan owned exclusivelyclass new terminal equipment provided an integrated experience to customers. regardless of the department determines that such property has not been taxed fully according to telecommunications service company requires us to determine whether class thirteen § 15-23-101, mca, “omits any reference to cable television system[s].” a class thirteen bresnan communications, llc, 129(14), mca, in turn, offers “[r]etail telecommunications.” section 15-53-129(10)(a), self-reports. the department completed its audit of bresnan in 2009. the actual use and productivity of bresnan’s upgraded network. this upgraded network, ¶50 the district court reasoned that the department’s shift away from bresnan’s prior decided: december 2, 2013 investment in system engineering, costly new equipment, upgraded distribution plant, and bresnan puts its network. nothing restricts the use and productivity of bresnan’s networkto new switches in select headends and data servers for commercial subscriber voicemail the audit found that “[u]sing this methodology [bresnan’s] [c]able operations areoverstated apportion bresnan’s property among montana’s various property tax classifications. this ¶2 we address the following issues on appeal: or more television stations.” section 35-18-102, mca. ¶53 neither evans products, nor kruse, specifically examined revised assessments in the supported by substantial evidence and have not been overturned. the court’s approach is bresnan’s entire property in proportion “to its use, its productivity, its utility, [and] its microwave, radio, satellite, or similar facilities that originates or terminates in this state and the setting of market value, is an integral part of the taxation process.” evans products, 201 receiver dishes, installed signal combiners, optical laser transmission equipment, and added assessed natural gas companies having a major distribution system in this state.” omimex’s state bd. of equalization, 91 mont. 310, 322-23, 7 p.2d 551, 552-53 (1932). “single and bresnan’s argument. the department’s discovery and subsequent reclassification arose their montana property under class eight, including sprint nextel, qwest, and centurytel.” termination system” (cmts). determined that § 15-8-601(b), mca, controlled its analysis. the district court interpreted voip, cable, and internet data into a single electrical signal for transfer over bresnan’s system in this state,” similar to the provision in § 15-6-141(1)(b), mca (2007), at issue in telecommunications services property at a 6% rate under class thirteen, § 15-6-156(1)(d), ¶6 bresnan’s expert accounting and valuation report describes bresnan’s “significant net2phone provided most of the necessary capital and software to bring about residential appeal from: district court of the thirteenth judicial district, to bresnan. bresnan paid parts of the assessments under protest. ¶42 to limit bresnan’s classification to a “cable television service” fails to achieve the television system.” the district court further reasoned that the central assessment statute, lack of a major distribution system within montana excluded it from § 15-6-141(1)(b), mca $7,337,692 in tax year 2010. bresnan filed this declaratory judgment action in response on ¶45 our determination that the department appropriately classified the use and ¶58 the department’s audit of bresnan and hofland’s testimony indicate that the auditof 17 video-on-demand servers and upgraded distribution node equipment. bresnan also tax procedures due to a misclassification on the taxpayer’s part as a mere “changein assessor central assessment.” used in section 15-8-601, mca.” evans products, 201 mont. at 342, 654 p.2d at 526. we filed: ¶13 although bresnan functionally had bundled its triple play services for consumers, the internet and upgraded its physical system to affect the addition of internet services. 15-6-156(4), mca. distributed new set-top boxes to customers. data feed to each customer’s neighborhood. once the data reached a customer’s evidence fails to support the findings of fact, if the district court misapprehended the great harm to not only bresnan, but potentially to the property tax system as a whole. this 16 where bresnan delivers three services. bresnan operates in an integrated fashion. bresnan’s characterize the discovery of property that has not been taxed fully according to appropriate telecommunication services as provided in 15-53-129, mca.” admin. r. m. 42.22.101(31) 13 procedural and factual background bresnan further asked the district court to require the department to refund taxes that assessed telecommunications services company. analyze the assessment of class thirteen property. the district court determined that central district court concluded as a matter of law that bresnan’s property qualified as a “cable fiber between headends and distribution nodes, and existing drop cables to achieve the ¶48 whether the district court properly concluded that the department lacked authority “allocations of centrally assessed telecommunications services companies.” section 15-6- department of revenue, ¶3 bresnan challenged the department’s decision to tax bresnan as a single entity rather 26 conclusion that bresnan uses a single transmission line to deliver three separate services. 8 “a clerical error falls under the plain language meaning of ‘erroneous assessment’ as it is ¶12 bresnan lastly began to provide the same terminal equipment to customers in 2010, judgment.” we will not presume bresnan’s bad faith in self-allocation. we similarly will however, the court gets sidetracked by then deducing that § 15-6-156(1)(d), mca, allows 2 the court argues that by classifying nearly all of bresnan’s property under class thirteen, the central assessment under class thirteen also report and are assessed locally for certain of 2003. __________________________________________ robert l. sterup (argued), kyle anne gray, shane p. coleman, holland & applied to companies such as montana dakota utilities, northwestern energy, avista p.3d 1149. voice.” da 12-0569 “trunk cable,” the industry name for the networked cable system that connected bresnan’s /s/ michael e wheat ¶36 “[a]llocations of centrally assessed telecommunications services companies” telecommunications and services compan[y].” the class thirteen classification resulted in a ¶16 bresnan unilaterally apportioned company assets when bresnan made its tax reports ¶18 the department audited bresnan in december 2008 for tax years 2007and2008. the receiver of [bresnan’s] services that only had telephony.” hofland explained that “[i]f that physical upgrades included data switches in each headend to interface with the internet telecommunication services provider, subject to central assessment, in order to value the full state of montana, bresnan’s two-way transmission property—which demarcatesatelecommunicationsservices classification of bresnan would be appropriate under the “centrally assessed” element of further noted that “[t]he bulk of authority and prior montana case law suggest that appraisal, department’s ability to issue retroactive assessments in a written order on september 26, §15-6-156(1)(d), mca. central assessment under class thirteen while reporting its cable television properties for attributes of a taxpayer’s property alone govern property tax classification. omimex, ¶ 26. properties from 2007 to 2009. without consideration of which services the customer had purchased from bresnan. this industry, the district court found that “[t]elecommunications companies that report for productivity.” the department argues that the district court should have evaluated the court found that the cable & communications corporation, a company that provides 18 compan[y],” § 15-6-156(1)(d), mca, “provid[es] retail telecommunication services.” ¶39 bresnan’s transmissions terminate in the homes of “customer[s] with a montana dissent, ¶ 65. nothing in the classification statutes requires, however, that the department identifies that both parties’ experts agree that bresnan operates a cable television system. franchise agreements with montana cities to bolster its position. bresnan also correctly report its property as a single entity rather than as three separate entities. the department one unit, and to classify bresnan’s property under class thirteen as allocations of a centrally whether a natural gas company’s property fell within § 15-6-141(1)(b), mca (2007). mont. at 343, 654 p.2d at 526. this court analyzed revised assessments more recently in p.3d 224 (citation omitted) (discussing an agency’s rulemaking authority). department determined upon completion of the audit in august 2009 that bresnan should simply to assume that because bresnan has telecommunications capabilities, thedepartment one-way property under class thirteen, the court disregards the basic premiseof ourproperty evidence’s effect, or if we have a definite and firm conviction that the district court made a through an audit when the taxpayer self-reports. local assessment under class eight.” appropriate service to the customer. unspecified equipment to identify and reduce interference for residential voip service. actually being transmitted over it. in sum, the court claims to be classifying property on the in the supreme court of the state of montana transfer of residential voip service to its customers. industrial properties at the department. bresnan deposed hofland. hofland described because bresnan qualifies as a “cable television system” under the definition of a rural from dr. walter stanley ciciora describes cable as the “predominant,” but not exclusive, clerk overnight, from $1.7 million to $7.3 million, even though the overwhelmingly predominant ¶41 the legislature’s exemption of certain properties from class thirteen further supports assessment based upon its determination that bresnan qualified as a class eight “cable property represents property that escaped full taxation according to appropriate tax services.” opinion, ¶ 36 (citing § 15-53-129(14), mca). because bresnan holds sometwo- 2. whether the district court properly concluded that the department lacked television. installation labor” in order to expand its cable programming. bresnan improved its satellite subscribers, or revenue” to “conclude that bresnan owns property subject to [c]lass [e]ight franchise fees, however, for high speed internet or telephony. the department also appeals the separate findings of fact, conclusions of law, and order that ¶70 i dissent. the 2010 tax year. the 2010 assessment subjected all of bresnan’s montana properties to 138(1)(k), mca, which by definition “receive[] and amplif[y] the signals broadcast by one [cable] that required a significant investment in system engineering, costly new equipment, ¶60 we reverse the decision of the district court. we remand and direct the district transmission of video programming.” further, “[s]tate-wide, 917 [of bresnan’s] channels during oral argument, bresnan analogized its property to a superhighway consisting of 800 only property that actually meets the definition of telecommunications services property bresnan contracted with net2phone, a joint venture partner, to effect this upgrade. six (6) mhz.” with the cable and internet data into a single electrical signal for transfer over bresnan’s civ. p. 52(a)(6) requires that we “give due regard to the trial court’s opportunity to judge the plaintiff and appellee, 40, when in reality, only some of that property—a very small fraction of it—actually purposes,” admin. r. m. 42.22.101(30) (2011), a class thirteen “telecommunicationservices corporation . . . operating a single and continuous property operated in more than one property that had not been taxed fully. hofland identified that bresnan had limited its provider.” bresnan, as a result, remains subject to assessment under class thirteen. /s/ beth baker 10 assistant attorney generals, montana department of revenue, legal purposes. section 15-6-156(1)(d), mca; yellowstone pipe line co., 138 mont. at 612, 358 matter within its broad discretion.” state v. hornstein, 2010 mt 75, ¶ 16, 356 mont. 14, 229 expand their telecommunications services was not created or intended bythe legislature,but classification statutes and failed to properly apply the “physical attributes” and “use and thirteen. however, the department of revenue got up one morning and decided to flip the cellular telephone and cable television services, “reports its cellular telephone properties for hours per day, 365 days per year. the remaining 4 lanes contain cars travelling two ways. commercial property that facilitates the two-way transmission of voice, image, and data qualifies an entity as a telecommunications services company. see § 15-53-129(10)(a), found that bresnan’s properties “primarily were and are used to provide the one-way 43. however, we have also held that an agency’s implementation of a statute must be “consistent companies” comprise class thirteen properties. section 15-6-156(1)(d), mca. neither property through the unit method of valuation. admin. r. m. 42.22.111 (2011). unit under § 15-6-138(l)(k), mca. we reverse and remand. however, that § 15-8-601, mca, allows the department to reassess property that has not property that would be assessed centrally by “only reporting [to class thirteen] property of a customers pay one bill for the purchase of all three services. bresnan manages its operations these cars do not move all the time, only sporadically. the trucks in this analogy represent classification system as a whole and the duty to construe the statutes in favor of the taxpayer, appropriate tax procedures. 53-128 et seq., mca. bresnan paid separate franchise fees to local governments for theright from the network operations center in billings. customers use a single piece of terminal ¶26 these statutory definitions pose the question of whether bresnan’s property should be network. bresnan used both the cmts and the recently-installed signal combiners, optical (“mhz”). the federal communications commission (“fcc”) historically defined a “channel” as property taxes due on bresnan’s property. section 15-8-601, mca, grants the department 138(1)(k), mca. different classes “disregards the basic premise of our property classification system.” bresnan’s property under class thirteen. the department submitted the revised assessments ¶54 the department must “discover” property that has escaped assessment before it has department appeals. for the department to “discover” property that has escaped assessment when the taxpayer  analyzed and entered findings about this system, including the property tax classifications /s/ patricia cotter justice laurie mckinnon joins in the dissenting opinion of justice rice. witnesses’ credibility.” both parties’ experts testified that bresnan operates a cable 5 which telecommunications companies—and other companies—are actually taxed. for services company in a manner that encompasses distribution networks whose owners usethe in evans products co. v. missoula cnty., 201 mont. 337, 342, 654 p.2d 523, 526(1982),that five and taxed at a rate of 3%. see § 15-6-135(1)(b), (5). our revised assessment case law to allow reassessment only in circumstances where there ¶33 this definition of a “cable television system” fails to capture all of the uses to which property—the transfer of electrical data signals. physical attributes do not represent the substantially larger portion included any property that involved cable or data in any way. (which also is one-way video transmission).”1 to summarize its lengthy findings, the court example, class nine property includes “allocations for centrally assessed natural gas 
 All Content © 2007-2012 The Judicial View, L.L.C. All Right Reserved.
About The Judicial View ®  | Privacy Policy
          |  Terms of Use    |  Contact Us  | 
          Advertise











 Bresnan in Kalispell, Montana with Reviews - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeKalispell, MTBresnanKalispell, MT BresnanAbout Search ResultsAbout Search ResultsYP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. “Preferred” listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions. YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.Sort:DefaultDefaultDistanceRatingName (A - Z)Sponsored LinksAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection1. Bresnan Communications333 1st Ave EKalispell, MT 59901(406) 686-3274Data Communication ServicesWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection2. Bresnan Digital Services6300 Us Highway 93 SWhitefish, MT 59937(406) 755-1734Internet Service Providers (ISP)Sponsored LinksShowing1-2
of 2resultsMap ViewSponsoredDISH Network Authorized Retailer New Customer LineServing the Kalispell area.(800) 495-7713DISH Network New Customer PromotionsMore InfoCenturyLink290 N Main St, Kalispell, MT 59901(888) 867-2356WebsiteSpecial OffersDirectionsMore InfoU-verse - AT&T - Authorized RetailerServing the Kalispell area.(888) 265-8656WebsiteCouponsSee Special OffersMore InfoXfinity By Comcast DGS - New Customer SpecialsServing the Kalispell area.(888) 303-5790Receive up to $400 Visa Prepaid CardWebsiteCouponsSee Special OffersMore InfoCenturyLinkFind a Location(855) 585-4230Check out our website for latest special offers!WebsiteSpecial OffersMore InfoTime Warner Cable Authorized Retailer - New Customers OnlyServing the Kalispell area.(888) 246-5144Order Online or Call NowWebsiteCouponsSee Special OffersMore InfoCharter, Time Warner, Comcast, Cox, AT&T Authorized Retailer Local Deals(1)Serving the Kalispell area.(888) 230-9918WebsiteCouponsMore InfoTime Warner Cable Authorized Retailer - New Customers OnlyServing the Kalispell area.(888) 246-5144Order Online or Call NowWebsiteCouponsSee Special OffersMore InfoSatellite Internet From HughesNet(3)Serving the Kalispell area.(844) 525-7272Find All Internet Options In One PlaceWebsiteCouponsMore InfoLocal Cable Deals - DGSServing the Kalispell area.(888) 287-8406WebsiteSee Special OffersMore InfoDISH Network Authorized Retailer New Customer LineServing the Kalispell area.(800) 358-2488DISH Network New Customer PromotionsMore InfoBest Satellite TVServing the Kalispell area.(877) 206-8691More InfoTime Warner, Comcast, Cox, Charter, AT&T Authorized Retailer Local Deals(1)Serving the Kalispell area.(888) 381-7756WebsiteCouponsMore InfoCox Communications - Authorized RetailerServing the Kalispell area.(888) 273-6213Call Now For Special Offers!WebsiteCouponsSpecial OffersMore InfoCharter Spectrum Authorized Retailer - New Customer SpecialsServing the Kalispell area.(888) 718-9622WebsiteCouponsSpecial OffersMore InfoDish InstallationsServing the Kalispell area.(866) 349-5037Lowest All-Digital Price In AmericaMore InfoTime Warner Cable - Time Warner Cable Authorized RetailerServing the Kalispell area.(888) 261-6359Contact Us for InformationWebsiteSee Special OffersMore InfoCharter Spectrum Authorized Retailer - New Customer SpecialsServing the Kalispell area.(888) 718-9622Call Now for New Customer Specials!WebsiteCouponsSpecial OffersMore InfoRCN - Authorized RetailerServing the Kalispell area.(888) 289-0801RCN Bundle Deals @$89.99/Mo. Cable, Phone & Internet. Call Now!WebsiteCouponsMore InfoMediacom Authorized RetailerServing the Kalispell area.(888) 352-3630Xtream 100 Silver By Mediacom, Offers Digital TV, Internet & Phone For As Low As 99.98/mo.WebsiteMore InfoWindstream Communications Authorized RetailerServing the Kalispell area.(888) 474-9984High Speed Internet & Phone, Prices guaranteed for life.WebsiteCouponsMore InfoCharter Spectrum - Charter Communications Authorized RetailerServing the Kalispell area.(888) 782-5099Contact Us for InformationWebsiteCouponsSee Special OffersMore InfoDidn't find what you were looking for?magnifying glass 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Discover Our Work | Case Studies | PwC Digital Services





























Open Navigation Menu
Close Navigation Menu


Search










 
 





























