 


Richard J. Brezski | InterDigital.com







































×


Find Out How

















Media
Investors
Careers
Contact






About
Wireless
IOT
Sensors
Vault
Blog









Leadership







Licensing 
Leadership
Technical Advisory Council 




Leadership




Home / 

About / 

Leadership / 
Richard J. Brezski























Richard J. Brezski
Chief Financial Officer
RICHARD J. BREZSKI is InterDigital’s Chief Financial Officer, responsible for overseeing the organization’s finance, accounting, audit, tax, treasury, IT and facilities functions, including the company’s internal and external financial reporting and analysis.
Mr. Brezski joined InterDigital as Director and Controller in 2003. In 2006, Mr. Brezski was promoted to Sr. Director and in 2007 was appointed Chief Accounting Officer. In 2009, Mr. Brezski was promoted to Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, and in 2011 he was appointed to the additional post of Treasurer. In May 2012, Mr. Brezski was appointed Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining InterDigital, Mr. Brezski served as an audit manager for PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) in PwC’s technology, information, communication and entertainment practice where he provided business advisory and auditing services to product and service companies in the electronics, software and technology industries.
Mr. Brezski earned a bachelor's degree in accountancy from Villanova University and an executive master's degree in business administration from Hofstra University.


 Back to list























Related Content





EdgeLink™ Solution
PRESENTATION / Jun 2017
              
              
            
EdgeLink™ solution is a SDN controlled multi-hop mesh network of mmWave transport nodes.


Microsoft Azure Case Study: InterDigital
DATA SHEET / Jun 2017
              
              
                /
IoT, 
                
                transport, 
                
                oneTRANSPORT

Discover how through Microsoft Azure, InterDigital is enabling the oneTRANSPORT initiative, a public-private consortium unifying data sources from four U.K. counties and a highways agency. 


MICROSOFT AZURE APP BUILDER PROFILE: InterDigital
DATA SHEET / Jun 2017
              
              
                /
IoT, 
                
                transport, 
                
                Microsoft

InterDigital’s intelligent transport solution enables governments and enterprises to consolidate varied and disparate transport data feeds. An open platform and data marketplace enable transport applications that include multi-modal travel, parking optimization, event management, traffic congestion mitigation, incident management, and many others.







IoT Software: Basic Components of the Platform
WEBINAR / Jul 2017
                    
                    
                      /
iot







SDN/NFV: Time for Real Innovations
WEBINAR / Jul 2017
                    
                    
                      /
5G







oneTRANSPORT: Watford Case Study
VIDEO / Jun 2017
                    
                    
                      /
IoT, 
                      
                      oneTRANSPORT, 
                      
                      oneM2M








Hillcrest Announces FSM300 Launch
BLOG / Jul 2017
                    
                    
                      /
ar/vr, 
                      
                      hillcrest
/ Posted By: rachel.rorke





InterDigital Legal Honored as Legal Department of th...
BLOG / Jun 2017
                    
                    
                     / Posted By: Kelly Capizzi





InterDigital and CTTC Collaborate on 5G New Radio Re...
BLOG / Jun 2017
                    
                    
                      /
5G
/ Posted By: Kelly Capizzi














About InterDigital
InterDigital develops mobile technologies that are at the core of devices, networks, and services worldwide. We solve many of the industry's most critical and complex technical challenges, inventing solutions for more efficient broadband networks and a richer multimedia experience years ahead of market deployment.
Read More




From The Blog

Hillcrest Announces FSM300 Launch
InterDigital Legal Honored as Legal Department of the Year
InterDigital and CTTC Collaborate on 5G New Radio Research

Read More




In The News

Read More






© Copyright 2017 InterDigital, Inc. All Rights ReservedLegal Notices | Forward-Looking Statements | Privacy Policy































Richard Brezski, Interdigital Inc/PA: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  
























Feedback





Richard Brezski

CFO/Treasurer,
Interdigital Inc/PA






Career History




CFO/Treasurer
Interdigital Inc, 5/2012-PRESENT


VP/Chief Acctg Ofcr/Controller
Interdigital Inc, 2011-5/2012


VP/Chief Acctg Ofcr/Controller
Interdigital Inc, 1/2009-2011


Chief Acctg Officer/Controller
Interdigital Inc, 7/2007-1/2009


Chief Acctg Officer/Controller
Interdigital Comm Corp, 1/2007-7/2007


Senior Director/Controller
Interdigital Comm Corp, 7/2006-1/2007


Director/Controller
Interdigital Comm Corp, 5/2003-7/2006


Audit Manager:Technology
Pricewaterhousecoopers LLP, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.interdigital.com






Corporate Information
Address:

200 Bellevue Parkway
Suite 300
Wilmington, DE 19809-3727
United States


Phone:
1-302-281-3600


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.interdigital.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Villanova University
Bachelor's Degree, Accounting


Hofstra University
MBA








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data































   Richard Brezski | InterDigital, Inc. | ZoomInfo.com










 













Richard Brezski | InterDigital Inc | Email, CFO, @interdigital.com 









































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Richard Brezski

 InterDigital Inc  CFO


Updated On : 
                    Jun 14, 2017                            

export

















200 Bellevue Parkway

Wilmington, DE 19809


Email format for @interdigital.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Public                
Employees: 
250 - 499

Revenue:  
500 Million - 1 Billion

Industry:  
                        Services->Technology Consulting/Services->Wireless Consulting                    
SIC Code:  
                         3661  - Telephone and Telegraph Apparatus








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    Richard Brezski's email address, phone numbers, linkedin account, wiki may be included in InterDigital Inc's Lead411 profile and other InterDigital Inc email addresses with the @interdigital.com domain format.  He is part of InterDigital Inc where he serves as the CFO.  InterDigital Inc's main office is set in Wilmington, DE. You can check their contact information on Lead411 under the Wireless consulting category.  Some possible email formats for Richard Brezski are RBrezski@interdigital.com, Richard.Brezski@interdigital.com, Richard@interdigital.com, and Richard_Brezski@interdigital.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@interdigital.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Richard B - Pro Services
Richard B is the current Loss Control Consultant. You can find Richard B's linkedin profile, phone numbers, wiki, twitter, and biography on Compass Insurance Services's Lead411 profile, as well as Compass Insurance Services email addresses with the @cisgroup.net domain format. Richard B's email may or may not be inside the profile.  Compass Insurance Services is situated in Hurst, TX. You can find their contact information on Lead411 categorized under Insurance.  Some possible email formats for Richard B are RB@cisgroup.net, Richard.B@cisgroup.net, Richard@cisgroup.net, and Richard_B@cisgroup.net. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@cisgroup.net addresses.
Richard B - Executive
Air Products & Chemicals, Inc's Marketing Manager is where Richard B is employed. On the other hand, the organization's CEO is Seifi Ghasemi. They are based in Allentown, PA, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Chemical manufacturing industry. Richard B's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and contact information, and you can also find other Air Products & Chemicals, Inc email addresses on Lead411 with the @airproducts.com domain.  Some possible email formats for Richard B are RB@airproducts.com, Richard.B@airproducts.com, Richard@airproducts.com, and Richard_B@airproducts.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@airproducts.com addresses.
Richard B - Other
A Staff Engineer I at Waid Environmental based in , , Richard B has a comprehensive profile on Lead411. You can find the entry on Waid Environmental in our Professional services category. The company CEO is . There are email addresses on their profile and may include Richard B' email format too. You can also find other contact information like facebook, phone numbers, biography, wiki, and linkedin for Richard B.  Some possible email formats for Richard B are RB@waid.com, Richard.B@waid.com, Richard@waid.com, and Richard_B@waid.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@waid.com addresses.



Similar Employees:
William Merritt - Executive
William Merritt is InterDigital Inc's CEO. Their CEO/President is William Merritt. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Wireless consulting industry. If you're checking for InterDigital Inc email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @interdigital.com email format and possibly William Merritt's email. InterDigital Inc is based in Wilmington, DE. You can also get William Merritt's linkedin info, twitter, phone numbers, wiki, and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Wireless consulting category.  Some possible email formats for William Merritt are WMerritt@interdigital.com, William.Merritt@interdigital.com, William@interdigital.com, and William_Merritt@interdigital.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@interdigital.com addresses.
Patrick De Wille - Public Relations
Patrick De Wille is the current Chief Communications Officer. You can find Patrick De Wille's linkedin profile, phone numbers, wiki, twitter, and biography on InterDigital Inc's Lead411 profile, as well as InterDigital Inc email addresses with the @interdigital.com domain format. Patrick De Wille's email may or may not be inside the profile.  InterDigital Inc is situated in Wilmington, DE. You can find their contact information on Lead411 categorized under Wireless consulting.  Some possible email formats for Patrick De Wille are PDe Wille@interdigital.com, Patrick.De Wille@interdigital.com, Patrick@interdigital.com, and Patrick_De Wille@interdigital.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@interdigital.com addresses.
Byung Yi - Technology
If you need @interdigital.com email addresses for InterDigital Inc, you can find them on Lead411 as Byung Yi's email might be available. Byung Yi, the company's EVP Inter Digital Labs/CTO, also has extensive contact information, including InterDigital Inc's facebook account, phone numbers, linkedin url, wiki, and biography. Wilmington, DE-based InterDigital Inc can be found on Lead411 under the Wireless consulting industry.  Some possible email formats for Byung Yi are BYi@interdigital.com, Byung.Yi@interdigital.com, Byung@interdigital.com, and Byung_Yi@interdigital.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@interdigital.com addresses.

People Directory > Richard Brezski




















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.






	
        Compensation Information for Richard J. Brezski , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of INTERDIGITAL INC | Salary.com
    


























Enterprise
Small Business
Personal




Contact Us
Log In


































Salaries
Jobs
Education
Advice
























 





Richard J. Brezski 
Executive Compensation
As Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer at INTERDIGITAL INC, Richard J. Brezski  made $1,192,159 in total compensation.  Of this total $375,038 was received as a salary, $435,654 was received as a bonus, $175,000 was received in stock options, $176,270 was awarded as stock and $30,197 came from other types of compensation. This information is according to proxy statements filed for the 2016 fiscal year. 


ENTER AN EXECUTIVE OR COMPANY NAME
New Search


Go



The chart on this page features a breakdown of the total annual pay for Richard J. Brezski ,  Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer at INTERDIGITAL INC as reported in their proxy statements. 
Total Cash Compensation information is comprised of yearly Base Pay and Bonuses. INTERDIGITAL INC income statements for executive base pay and bonus are filed yearly with the SEC in the edgar filing system. INTERDIGITAL INC annual reports of executive compensation and pay are most commonly found in the Def 14a documents.
Total Equity aggregates grant date fair value of stock and option awards and long term incentives granted during the fiscal year.
Other Compensation covers all compensation-like awards that don't fit in any of these other standard categories. Numbers reported do not include change in pension value and non-qualified deferred compensation earnings.



Other Executives at this Company


William J. Merritt 
Scott A. McQuilkin 
Lawrence F. Shay 
James J. Nolan 







Richard J. Brezski 


Base Pay$375,038
Bonus + Incentive Comp$435,654
Total Cash Compensation$810,692


Stock Award Value$176,270
Option Award Value$175,000
Total Equity$351,270



Total Other$30,197



Total Compensation$1,192,159




Browse Executives by First Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z


Browse Companies by Company Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
#



This report is not for commercial use. Thorough reviews have been conducted to assure this data accurately reflects disclosures. However for a complete and definitive understanding of the pay practices of any company, users should refer directly to the actual, complete proxy statement. 
Use of Data / Disclaimer
The information shown here is a reporting of information included in the company's proxy statement. The proxy statement includes footnotes and explanations of this information plus other information that is pertinent in assessing the overall value and appropriateness of the compensation information. For those interested in conducting a detailed compensation analysis, we recommend that you review the entire proxy statement. You may retrieve the full proxy statement by going to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) website at www.sec.gov and entering the company's name and then looking in the first column for an entry of "Form DEF 14A" (or any similar code). You may also find the annual proxy statement by going directly to the company's website.
What is a proxy statement?
A proxy statement (or "proxy") is a form that every publicly traded U.S. company is required to file with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission (SEC) within 120 days after the end of its fiscal year. The proxy must be sent to every shareholder in advance of the company's annual shareholders meeting. All proxy statements are public filings made available to the general public by the SEC.
The proxy statement's main purpose is to alert shareholders to the annual meeting and provide them information about the issues that will be voted on during the annual meeting, including decisions such as electing directors, ratifying the selection of auditors, and other shareholder-related decisions, including shareholder-initiated initiatives. Also, proxies must disclose specific detailed information regarding the pay practices for certain executives.







    





 

 






     

privacy policy
terms of use
about us
contact us

©  Salary.com. All rights reserved.


US Salaries
Canadian Salaries
Purchase a Salary Report
Salaries by Category
Salaries by Income
Salaries by Industry
Popular Salaries
Negotiation Tips
Benefits Calculator
Search Job Openings
Job Openings by State
Job Openings by Category
Education by Career
Education by Level
Education by Major
Cost of Living Calculator
























 



403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.





Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















People: InterDigital Inc (IDCC.O)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologyCommunications & Networking












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				IDCC.O on Nasdaq


				78.55USD
21 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $-1.85


					            (-2.30%)
					        






Prev Close

$80.40


Open

$80.60




Day's High

$80.60


Day's Low

$78.50




Volume

216,340


Avg. Vol

324,538




52-wk High

$102.30


52-wk Low

$56.15










	Brezski, Richard 





	Mr. Richard J. Brezski is the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company. Mr. Brezski responsible for overseeing the company’s finance, accounting, audit, tax, treasury, IT and facilities functions, including the company’s internal and external financial reporting and analysis. Mr. Brezski joined the company as Director and Controller in May 2003. Mr. Brezski was promoted to Senior Director in July 2006 and in January 2007 was appointed Chief Accounting Officer. In January 2009, Mr. Brezski was promoted to Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, and in March 2011 he was appointed to the additional post of Treasurer. In May 2012, he was appointed Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining InterDigital, Mr. Brezski served as an audit manager for PwC in its technology, information, communications and entertainment practice, where he provided business advisory and auditing services to product and service companies in the electronics, software and technology industries. Mr. Brezski earned a Bachelor of Science in Accountancy from Villanova University and an Executive Master of Business Administration from Hofstra University.



Basic Compensation




Total Annual Compensation, USD
810,692


Restricted Stock Awards, USD
176,270


Long-Term Incentive Plans, USD
--


All Other, USD
205,197


Fiscal Year Total, USD
1,192,160








Options Compensation




 
Quantity
Market Value


Exercisable
--
--


Unexercisable
--
--


Exercised
--
--














					Basic Compensation






Name
Fiscal Year Total




							William Merritt

2,711,730




							Richard Brezski

1,192,160




							Jannie Lau

541,461




							Scott McQuilkin

1,579,800




							James Nolan

1,318,010




							Lawrence Shay

1,692,060



As Of 
30 Dec 2016

» View All Officers
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologyCommunications & Networking




















