




















 



 Jude Bricker To Leave Position As Allegiant EVP And Chief Operating Officer 
         










    










 













 











 



















Jude Bricker To Leave Position As Allegiant EVP And Chief Operating Officer
        																																																								
              
















 News provided by
Allegiant Travel Company  
May 26, 2017, 16:30 ET









 Share this article




























































LAS VEGAS, May 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Allegiant Travel Company (NASDAQ:    ALGT) today announced that Jude Bricker has resigned his position as executive vice president and chief operating officer. Bricker has been with Allegiant since 2006 and through a variety of leadership roles has been a key architect of the company's growth and success. 








"I'm honored to have been at the forefront of building the Allegiant model, which has provided millions of travelers an affordable, accessible means to vacation or visit loved ones, while at the same time bringing tremendous business success to the company," said Bricker. "Looking at what we've accomplished in eleven years is amazing, and I'm humbled and proud to have served with such a talented and hard-working team of professionals every step of the way. Though I've made a difficult decision to leave Allegiant, I see a company with a future as bright as it was when I first joined the team."
"Jude has been a tremendous leader and innovator for Allegiant," said John Redmond, Allegiant president. "His efforts were critical to achieving a contract for our pilots – the first collective bargaining agreement in company history – and to designing and implementing a fleet transition which will bring operational efficiencies and economic benefits across the organization."  
"With Jude at the wheel of operations, we've seen network growth of over 200 incremental markets and world-leading profit margins," said Maurice J. Gallagher, Jr., Allegiant chairman and CEO. "We are deeply saddened to lose him, and wish him every success in his future endeavors." 
Bricker will depart his position with Allegiant effective Friday, May 26, 2017. Scott Sheldon, executive vice president and chief financial officer, will act as interim chief operating officer until a successor is selected.
Allegiant.®
Las Vegas-based Allegiant (NASDAQ:    ALGT) is focused on linking travelers in small cities to world-class leisure destinations. The airline offers industry-low fares on an all-jet fleet while also offering other travel-related products such as hotel rooms, rental cars and attraction tickets. All can be purchased only through the company website, Allegiant.com. Beginning with one aircraft and one route in 1999, the company has grown to over 80 aircraft and more than 300 routes across the country with base airfares less than half the cost of the average domestic roundtrip ticket. For downloadable press kit, including photos, visit: http://gofly.us/iiFa303wrtF.
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/jude-bricker-to-leave-position-as-allegiant-evp-and-chief-operating-officer-300464703.html
SOURCE Allegiant Travel Company
 Related Links

http://www.allegiant.com



 

















Jul 06, 2017, 18:23 ET
Preview: Allegiant Travel Company Schedules Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Call




















May 04, 2017, 19:10 ET
Preview: Allegiant Reports April 2017 Traffic








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











Jul 10, 2017, 16:01 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Allegiant Reports June 2017 Traffic








 











Jul 06, 2017, 18:23 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Allegiant Travel Company Schedules Second Quarter 2017 Earnings...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Airlines & Aviation
  Transportation, Trucking & Railroad
  Passenger Aviation
  Travel Industry
Personnel Announcements








 You just read:
Jude Bricker To Leave Position As Allegiant EVP And Chief Operating Officer


 News provided by
Allegiant Travel Company  
May 26, 2017, 16:30 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 














High Flyer Interview: Jude Bricker, COO, Allegiant - Airways Magazine










































































































 

 





















Staff
Advertise
Contact

Register
Log In
My Subscriptions











Airways Magazine













News
Airlines
Airports
Industry
Traveler
Airchive
Newswire
Events
Store














Airways ‘Spot & Greet’ — Boston 2017
Photo Competition
Airways Podcast
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Instagram
 LinkedIn














High Flyer Interview: Jude Bricker, COO, Allegiant

Back To Homepage
Subscribe To RSS Feed 



 Breaking News



Delta Air Lines to Suspend Flights to Caracas, Venezuela
Written by Enrique Perrella and María Corina Roldán MIAMI — Delta Air Lines (DL) submitted a letter to the Venezuelan National Institute of Civil Aviation (INAC) communicating their intention to suspend indefinitely their...


Analysis: Boeing Stock Surges On Strong Earnings
MIAMI — Boeing reported a $1.76 billion net profit for the second quarter (Q2) of 2017, reversing from a net loss of $234 million in the same period in 2016....


Avianca Airlines To Suspend Venezuela Operations
MIAMI – Avianca Airlines has suspended all flights to Venezuela effective August 16, 2017. Both Avianca’s Bogota-Caracas and Lima-Caracas routes will be suspended. The airline also suspended all tickets sales...


Airways ‘Spot & Greet’ — Boston 2017: Flying a DC3 Av-Venture
  NOTE: Once you submit your reservation, an Airways Team member will get in touch with you to finalize arrangements. Please, make sure you include your telephone number and email...



  



High Flyer Interview: Jude Bricker, COO, Allegiant

 



August 02

12:38
2016




Print This Article


 by  Benét J. Wilson 

										0 Comments									











MIAMI — Jude Bricker joined Allegiant in May 2006 as manager of fleet planning. He became the director of fleet planning in 2007 before being promoted to vice president of corporate finance and treasurer in 2010, then senior vice president of planning in 2012.
He was appointed chief operating officer in January 2016, where he oversees all aspects of Allegiant’s flights operations, maintenance and safety, network planning, revenue management and fleet planning. Prior to joining Allegiant, he held various positions with American Airlines and the U.S. Marine Corps.
Bricker spoke with Airways about what Allegiant looks for in cities and airports, the status of its fleet, what its typical passenger looks like and the airline’s goals for the rest of 2016.

Airways: In March, Allegiant announced it was adding 22 nonstop flights, including three new cities. What is the process in deciding on what cities are going to get new flights?

Jude Bricker: We have a network strategy review process that incorporates what our competitors are doing. A lot of the markets we’ve been adding have been back-filling markets deserted by the rest of the industry, like Dayton [Ohio] and Flint [Michigan]. And some of the markets we’ve been adding are markets that have a high level of traffic but no nonstop service in cities like Albuquerque and Austin.
Some of the markets that we have are completely exploratory, [like] Baltimore to Knoxville, which doesn’t have a whole lot of traffic. There’s a ton of traffic from the region in Baltimore, and we think we have a great franchise in Knoxville. I think there’s probably people that want to go there. We just don’t see them on the traffic patterns today, because there’s no nonstop service at low fares. So honestly, we’re doing a lot of stuff that is what we consider experimental. We’re throwing pasta against the wall to what sticks.
The real rigorous part of our process is cutting things that don’t work. I think that’s really refreshing to our airport partners, because we come in, they say ‘hey I think you should try this.’ We’ll say ‘okay, yeah we’ll do that. But if it doesn’t work, we’re not going to do it anymore.’ That’s really good, because most of the conversation that airports have with airlines these day are that no one’s interested in trying anything and they’re just trying to keep what they have.

When you’re looking at airports for service, what are some of the characteristics or features that appeal to you most?

We have not had any success with a city-pair that’s a seven-hour drive alternative. That’s kind of an absolute. We have very few flights, because of the way we schedule our crews, that are longer than four hours. We need to be around 400 miles and up to 1,700 miles, and within that, that’s our range circle that we’re looking at.
We don’t like cities with lots of service, but we’ve had great success in  Cincinnati. We like airports that have connectivity to the road network so that it’s convenient for customers. We tend to do a lot better there. We’ve had great success in Concord, North Carolina, which is right on the interstate that runs into Charlotte. That’s because it’s around a large population center, and it’s right on the main interstate, which allows us to attract a lot of people.
Then there’s a lot of markets that are just outliers. There’s nothing that we can say that 100 percent predicts our success in a market. Typically it’s underserved, it has a population that wants to travel, it’s connected to a road network and it’s within our range span. We’re continuing to find new opportunities that we didn’t plan on in the past.
Destin, Florida, is kind of interesting because as a destination, it really wasn’t on our strategy board a year ago. But now we sit here today and we’re flying several markets out of Destin, and the sales look really good. Baltimore Washington International is certainly interesting, because it’s outside of our box, but we’re looking at it both as a way to sell leisure fares into the D.C. area and originate traffic out of the Baltimore area to go to places like Savannah and Asheville, which in and of themselves are leisure destinations.
Most airlines talk market share, offerings around schedule and flow traffic. We don’t think in those terms. I think there’s plenty of travelers out there that don’t have air travel alternatives at low fares and we’re just trying to go out there and find those folks. Often times, that means offering service that has never existed. so there’s no precedent for it. Most airlines schedule around historic data. We use it, but we don’t use it as an absolute.

Allegiant got Boeing 757s and decided to start service to Hawaii. What do you think you went wrong there?

We’re making a lot of money in Hawaii right now, so I wouldn’t consider it having gone wrong. What we’re doing with the 757 fleet is making a decision on the next six years. We bought the 757s about six years ago and all those aircraft are coming up on major investment periods in maintenance. So the way maintenance works, on the heavy maintenance side, is you consume the goodness of the airplane and then every six years or so, you have to put it in the shop and spend an excess of $5 million on each engine.
But there’s a D check on the airframe, which is also due at the same time. We’d have to spend around $50 million on the [757] fleet. And as we sit here today, we have two Hawaiian markets — Honolulu-Las Vegas and Honolulu-Los Angeles. In our view, those markets will be under pressure going forward, although they’re really good today, based on slower growth in Asia. Hawaiian Airlines is purchasing some Airbus A321neos, which I think will be competitive in those markets.
We have a corporate strategy of simplifying our fleet over this decade. We started the decade with just MD80s. Today we’re at three fleet types. When we end the decade we’d like to be an all-Airbus operator. But the A320 can’t do those [Hawaiian] markets, so maintenance forcing us to make this decision now.




Where are you with the MD80 fleet? When will it be completely gone, and what’s the final fleet going to look like going forward?

Let me use a number of 100 airplanes, because it’s a nice round number. When we get there, it’s going to be driven by the availability of used airplanes and the growth rates that we’d like to do between now and then. So a 100-airplane fleet at Allegiant is an all-Airbus fleet with about two-thirds A320s, and one third A319s. And those are the same type certification, which means pilots can fly either one. That’s the fleet we’re shooting for.
Today, we have a fleet of 85 airplanes. So we have 15 airplanes to buy for growth, and 55 airplanes to buy for replacement. So of those 70 airplanes, we have acquired many of them, but we have another 35 to go. So we’re about halfway there. And I say that because we have 65 total committed A320s. That includes in-service airplanes and planes that we own and lease out to other operators that we intend to operate ourselves when they come back from lease and planes that we’ve committed in the future to purchase.
One of the strengths of Allegiant is the flexibility we have in the network and our fleet. We’re out there constantly buying aircraft in the spot market. So you contrast that with most other carriers, they can go to either Airbus or Boeing, they spend a ton of money and they commit to purchases five to 10 years in the future. They have no idea what the economic conditions will be or what the competitive environment will be when those planes are delivered. I think that’s one of the fundamental problems with the airline industry.
Instead, we go out and we shop for airplanes as we need them. We’re out there shopping right now and we buy airplanes from all over the world. Then we do a bunch of technical standardization initiatives and then we put them into service in really good condition for our passengers.

What do you see as your typical passenger?

There’s not really a typical Allegiant passenger, because we have such a diverse group. Let me draw some contrast between an Allegiant passenger and a typical air traveler. First of all, ours are more of a leisure customer, someone much more likely to be paying with their own money. So much of the revenue generated from a standard U.S. commercial flight is paid for by business customers who are on an expense report. We don’t have that dynamic.
Our customers pay from their own wallets, and so that translates into an incentive for us to offer really low fares and bundle our products. People, because they pay for their own tickets, really like the flexibility that bundled ancillary services allow them. If they don’t want to pay for a bag, they’d still like to have a low airfare.
Also, our customers tend to be older and affluent. We did a study several years ago that showed the average household income of an Allegiant customer and it is six figures. They are retired, and they travel not just for leisure or vacation, but also for visiting friends and relatives. So the incentive for travelers is a little bit different than a business customer.

As Allegiant expands in the larger airports, do you see your business model morphing into more toward the traditional airlines, or are you still firmly in the ultra-low-cost carrier category?

As for morphing, I’d say yes and no. If you think about the progression of network development at Allegiant, we first started out in very small markets going to large destinations that have a lot of cache, like Las Vegas and Orlando. Right now we’re looking at midsize cities to those same destinations. And because of the cache of those markets, we were able to build awareness.
We have closed distribution, so you have to go to Allegiant.com to buy a ticket and know about us, as opposed to going to a travel agent or some kind of aggregator. So we’re able to build a presence because of service to Las Vegas and Orlando, and places like Cincinnati, Indianapolis, Memphis, Raleigh and bigger cities.
The next phase of that is taking those big cities and offering them new leisure destinations that haven’t thus far existed. So you take a look at Cincinnati, which is kind of the model we wanted to export over to our other midsize cities, there’s 14 destinations today. They include New Orleans, Destin, Florida, Savannah, Myrtle Beach, Punta Gorda and Austin, Texas. And many these destinations don’t have any nonstop service. We only serve them twice a week, but no other airline is ever going to be interested in serving those markets.
We’re going to continue to have low levels of competition. It’s been at around 85 percent noncompetitive routes at Allegiant since we went public 10 years ago, and that maintains itself. Because we’re offering a relatively cheap product offering, we can maintain the closed distribution nature of our system. So we’re going to be dependent on [the PR] team to get awareness of our service offerings as we move into new markets, and that’s going to be constant at Allegiant.
So, closed distribution, low frequency product offering and noncompetitive routes — all those characteristics are not changing.  We’re still focused on leisure. So it’s evolved, but it hasn’t changed all that much.

What percentage of Allegiant’s revenue is derived from ancillary fees?

It depends on the month, but it’s about 40 percent, or about $50 per customer segment of ancillary revenue. The airfare is averaging around $70.  If you want to pay $70, travel in such a way to pay only $70. If you want to have an allocated seat and take a bunch of bags and all those things, then you can do that as well.
There’s a difference between us and most other airlines, even ultra-low-cost carriers. Because of our predominantly leisure customer, we’re able to sell a lot of third-party travel products like car rentals and hotels. We save our customers money by offering them those things at a discount relative to what they can get through other channels.

Your CEO acknowledged that 2015 was a bad summer because of maintenance issues. What has changed in the past year to fix this? And what do you think passengers can expect from Allegiant this summer?

The most significant reliability program we have is the transition over to the Airbus. About half our customers will travel on an Airbus this year, which is the highest percentile it has ever been. So we’re flying more often with a more reliable airplane. That obviously helps those things, particularly in the summer months, because the MD-80 is really stressed in hot months, with cabin temperatures and stress to weight ratio. The Airbus is a much better hot weather aircraft and we’re flying it a lot more often.
We’re coming into this summer with higher staffing levels than last summer and we have more spare airplanes, so I’m cautiously optimistic about this summer. We fly mainly to isolated cities with older airplanes, and we route the airplanes so there’s dependencies, so our reliability is always going to be a little bit challenged. We’re not big Southwest Airlines flying 20 flights a day between Burbank and Oakland. If they have a mechanical problem, it’s not a big deal. They can just reaccommodate passengers and move on.



We don’t have those opportunities. So when an airplane has a mechanical issue in an out station, it causes extended problems. We have to call out maintenance that doesn’t live there. There’s a reason that those areas are isolated and a reason why we’re there. So relative to other carriers, we operate a much more difficult network, and a much more difficult fleet, but I think certainly 2016 will be better than 2015.

With your expansion, your new service and new cities, how have you changed your marketing and PR efforts to highlight all of this?

We’ve spent more money. We’re doing a lot of things that we hadn’t traditionally done, not the least of which is the national advertising campaign that we launched eight months ago. We have a lot of PR activity going on this summer, which we’re really excited about. We’re in the process of giving away a $1 million in air fare. That kicked itself off with a tax day promotion that we ran in about seven markets where we refunded the airfare and everything they paid for their trip for all the passengers on any given flight, which was really exciting.
We recognize that when Allegiant showed up in a small market in the past, typically that in and of itself was news. It was more than enough to build awareness, and most of the people that traveled on us had heard about us through word of mouth or free publicity. In a bigger city like Cincinnati, with two and a half million people, the media is obviously more extensive. It forced us into becoming a little more creative in the way we build awareness of our brand.

Allegiant hosts an annual event for airports. First, why did you decide to do this event? And second, what is the message that you’re trying to hammer home with those who attend?

This year we held it in St. Petersburg, Florida. We’ve been doing it about six or seven years. What started the process was we had a team that couldn’t get out to see all of our cities, because they had been getting so many requests from them. So instead, we invited them to come see us, which the airports are usually more than willing to do.
Much of what we do at those conferences is to host airports that we already serve. We talk to them about incremental service opportunities, costs and how competitive they are and service levels. We also update them on the business as a whole. And it’s really efficient for them and for us, because we can do it all at one time in one place.
Second, we bring in airports that we’ve either been negotiating with for a long time, or are newly interested in getting our service. We talk to them about what they need to do in order to get service from us. We also found it’s really helpful to have those new and potential markets interact with existing airports.
We like our airports to follow a deeper departure structure, which sometimes is not what they’re used to. So it’s really about airports getting together and sharing their experiences with Allegiant, which are uniformly positive.
Sometimes we’re the only business that they have. We’re an airline that’s going to try new things, and we know exactly what we want from our airports, which is cost and efficiency. You know who you’re dealing with and I think it resonates really well with airports.
There hasn’t been one of these conferences where we didn’t come out of there with an idea that we didn’t have, where an airport came in and said, ‘hey you should think about this,’ we research it and we end up doing something new that we hadn’t thought of.

What are your main goals for Allegiant for the rest of 2016?

So far, two out of the three goals have been achieved. The first is to have firmed up the fleet plan to allow us to attain our largest corporate initiative over the decade, to transition to Airbus.
Number two has been the signing of the pilot contract with the [International Brotherhood of Teamsters]. I have directly participated in pilot negotiations. Our pilots are underpaid. We would like to get them market pay, and that required us to get a contract. We have worked real hard toward that goal.
Number three is we’re in the process of an [Federal Aviation Administration] FAA investigation, called a Certificate Holder Evaluation Program (CHEP). So far, the feedback from the FAA has been really positive. I’m excited to get through this then start to communicate to the public about the successes and an operation that we’re very proud of.
I think the CHEP is going to be the catalyst, combined with getting the pilot contract, for getting through our negative publicity cycle. If we accomplish those three things, that would be a success.

0






Tags

AllegiantAllegiant Air 





About Author

Scroll Back To Top
More Articles From Author








Benét J. Wilson


Mother, Aviation Queen, Veteran Aviation Journalist, AVgeek since age six, number one fan of the Boeing 747 and Student pilot (can't stick my landings). I would actually pay rent to live in an airport. bwilson@airwaysmag.com @AVQueenBenet





Related Articles

Scroll Back To Top






Mesa Air Continues To Strengthen After Bankruptcy and Ornstein Voices Opinion on 1500 Hour Rule


Special Liveries That Separate Southwest from the Pack


Apollo 11: Behind the Scenes of American’s Landmark Airbus Order






0 Comments

Scroll Back To Top
Write Comment






No Comments Yet!
There are no comments at the moment, do you want to add one?
Write a comment



Only  registered  users can comment. 






















News
Airlines
Airports
Industry
Traveler
Airchive
Newswire
Events
Staff
Contact
Advertise
Airways Podcast
Store
 Cart
 

Airways International, Inc © 2017. All Rights Reserved.











Loading..
Close Window

Loading, Please Wait!
This may take a second or two.





















error: Content is protected !!


























































Allegiant COO Jude Bricker resigns | People content from ATWOnline





































')})();
//-->








Skip to Navigation Skip to Content 

ATWOnline 




Search: 






















      Connect With Us    

TwitterFacebookYouTubeLinkedinRSS 





Subscribe
Renew
Newsletters
About Us
Contact Us
Advertise
Store
 










Register Log In 



Display name or email address: *



Password: *



 Remember me


Forgot Your Password?



close
























 







Aircraft & EnginesAirframes
Avionics
Components
Engines
Leasing
Manufacturers
Materials


Airports & RoutesAir Traffic Management
Open Skies


Cabin Interiors & ConnectivityAircraft Interiors
IFE


Data & Financials2016 World Airline Report
Aircraft Orders & Deliveries
Airline Financials
Airline Traffic
Airports
Airshows Orders
Fuel Costs
Regulatory Data


Operations & TechnologyAeropolitics
Airlines
Eco-Aviation
IT & Distribution
Labor
MRO
People
Safety
Training
Technology


Resources ATW Plus
Webinars
















Advertisement 




Home > Operations & Technology > People > Allegiant COO Jude Bricker resigns
 
Allegiant COO Jude Bricker resigns






May 30, 2017

Mark Nensel 





EMAIL


Tweet


 
Comments 0 



Allegiant Air A320
Rob Finlayson 
Related Media Gallery: Irkut MC-21's first flight 
Ultra-low-cost carrier (ULCC) Allegiant Air EVP and COO Jude Bricker resigned May 26, the Las Vegas-based carrier announced without further explanation. Allegiant EVP and CFO Scott Sheldon will act as interim COO until a successor is announced, the company said.

“Though I’ve made a difficult decision to leave Allegiant, I see a company with a future as bright as it was when I first joined them,” Bricker said in a statement. “I’m honored to have been at the ...


Subscribe to Access this Entire Article
"Allegiant COO Jude Bricker resigns" is part of ATW Plus, our online premium membership. Subscribing will provide you access to exclusive news, carefully researched airline financial, fleet and traffic data, plus the option to receive our popular, award-winning print magazine. To learn more, click here. If viewing via ATW Mobile, please login and click "Read web article" to view fully. Questions? ATWPlus@penton.com.

Subscribe to ATW Plus

            Already registered? Log In here.
          



 


Print

reprints
Favorite
 EMAIL


Tweet


 








Please Log In or Register to post comments. 




Advertisement 



Related ArticlesAllegiant Travel Company appoints new president  
Allegiant posts $220 million 2015 net profit amidst management shakeup  
Allegiant’s Levy resigns as president and COO  
Allegiant Air softens image as it moves into larger markets  
Allegiant Air to reach leisure travelers on Newark routes   
 














        Blogs & Commentary      








 

Jul 24, 2017
blog



New US security rules are a win for common sense 

      The US government’s new security rules for all international flights bound for the US came into effect last week. I experienced them first hand at Auckland airport and, if that experience proves typical, this is a win for safety and for common sense....More 






 

Jul 21, 2017
blog



Joon know your target audience?  ​ 

      Air France has finally given birth to new lower-cost airline Joon, but is the baby too genetically similar to its elderly parent to appeal to millennials?...More 






 

Jul 7, 2017
blog



Wait-and-see approach is still best on new US security requirements 

      The foundation is in place for the new standards to be problematic for airlines down the road....More 





View More Opinions 





Advertisement 





        ATW On-Location      








Jul 24, 2017
Article



UAC: Russian airlines will need 1,170 aircraft by 2036 

        United Aircraft Corp. (UAC) has predicted a need for 1,170 passenger aircraft, worth $135 billion at list prices, by 2036, the Russian manufacturer said during last week’s MAKS Air Show in Moscow....More 





 


Jul 19, 2017
Article



Russia’s MC-21 and IL-114 win new orders at MAKS Air Show 

        Russian-manufactured aircraft—the Irkut MC-21 and Ilyushin IL-114—won new orders on the second day of the MAKS Air Show....More 





 


Jul 18, 2017
Article



Aeroflot firms order for 20 SSJ100s   

        Russia’s Aeroflot has firmed orders for 20 Sukhoi Superjet 100 (SSJ100) aircraft July 18 at the MAKS Air Show....More 





Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location 





Advertisement 





        Visit the ATW Store      

ATW Plus
ATW Magazine Products
ATW World Airline Report
Calendars
 

More
 




 





      Connect With Us    

TwitterFacebookYouTubeLinkedinRSS 













Advertisement 













      ATWOnline.com    

News
Aircraft & Engines
Aeropolitics
Operations
Airports & Routes
Data & Research
Resources
 










Site Features

Subscribe
Renew
Newsletters
RSS
Sitemap
Site Archive
View Mobile Site
ATW Store
 






Penton Corporate

Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
About Us
Advertise
Contact
 


Follow Us

Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Linkedin
RSS
 






Search ATWOnline.com




Search: 











PISCES













      Aviation Week Network    

AC-U-KWIK
Air Charter Guide
Aircraft Bluebook
Aviation Week
SpeedNews
Airportdata.com
 














Advertisement 





Advertisement 





Advertisement 





Advertisement 





Advertisement 





Advertisement 





Advertisement 





Advertisement 





Advertisement 









Copyright © 2017 Penton 





















Jude Bricker To Leave Position As Allegiant EVP And Chief Operating OfficerHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 48 minsS&P 5002,477.83+0.70 (+0.03%)Dow 3021,711.01+97.58 (+0.45%)Nasdaq6,422.75+10.57 (+0.16%)LISTENTop economists debate state of labor marketYahoo Finance's Nicole Sinclair moderates a panel of leading economists at the State of the Labor Market SummitJude Bricker To Leave Position As Allegiant EVP And Chief Operating OfficerPR NewswireMay 26, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareLAS VEGAS, May 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Allegiant Travel Company (ALGT) today announced that Jude Bricker has resigned his position as executive vice president and chief operating officer. Bricker has been with Allegiant since 2006 and through a variety of leadership roles has been a key architect of the company's growth and success."I'm honored to have been at the forefront of building the Allegiant model, which has provided millions of travelers an affordable, accessible means to vacation or visit loved ones, while at the same time bringing tremendous business success to the company," said Bricker. "Looking at what we've accomplished in eleven years is amazing, and I'm humbled and proud to have served with such a talented and hard-working team of professionals every step of the way. Though I've made a difficult decision to leave Allegiant, I see a company with a future as bright as it was when I first joined the team.""Jude has been a tremendous leader and innovator for Allegiant," said John Redmond, Allegiant president. "His efforts were critical to achieving a contract for our pilots – the first collective bargaining agreement in company history – and to designing and implementing a fleet transition which will bring operational efficiencies and economic benefits across the organization." "With Jude at the wheel of operations, we've seen network growth of over 200 incremental markets and world-leading profit margins," said Maurice J. Gallagher, Jr., Allegiant chairman and CEO. "We are deeply saddened to lose him, and wish him every success in his future endeavors."Bricker will depart his position with Allegiant effective Friday, May 26, 2017. Scott Sheldon, executive vice president and chief financial officer, will act as interim chief operating officer until a successor is selected.Allegiant.®Las Vegas-based Allegiant (ALGT) is focused on linking travelers in small cities to world-class leisure destinations. The airline offers industry-low fares on an all-jet fleet while also offering other travel-related products such as hotel rooms, rental cars and attraction tickets. All can be purchased only through the company website, Allegiant.com. Beginning with one aircraft and one route in 1999, the company has grown to over 80 aircraft and more than 300 routes across the country with base airfares less than half the cost of the average domestic roundtrip ticket. For downloadable press kit, including photos, visit: http://gofly.us/iiFa303wrtF. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/jude-bricker-to-leave-position-as-allegiant-evp-and-chief-operating-officer-300464703.htmlReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextPassengers Stranded In Vegas, Stay In VegasInternational Business TimesEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredJohn Elway promoted to president of football operations/GMProFootball Talk on NBC SportsTransport Stocks' Q2 Earnings Due on Jul 26: NSC, ALK & MoreZacksFriends Drive 16 Hours After Airline Leaves Them `Stranded`KFOR - Oklahoma CityDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredKristin Beck, transgender Navy SEAL hero: 'Let's meet face to face and you tell me I'm not worthy'Business InsiderHighest ranking retired transgender officer slams new plan: I think Trump is ‘being influenced by Pence’Business InsiderAnn Coulter reportedly 'railed' at Trump behind closed doorsBusiness InsiderStart Earning Miles With The Best Travel CardWise BreadSponsoredAmazon’s Echo rivaled by Xiaomi and Facebook: rptYahoo Finance VideoMoney Basics: What is a hedge fund?Yahoo FinanceTrump’s big Foxconn announcement will bring jobs — and robotsYahoo FinanceWomen Everywhere Should Carry This Tiny DeviceSiren SongSponsoredMcCain slams Trump's transgender military ban, says it's why 'major policy announcements should not be made via Twitter'Business InsiderAP Exclusive: Boy Scouts chief expected a fiery Trump speechAssociated PressCaitlyn Jenner, Andy Cohen, Joe Biden, and More Denounce Donald Trump’s Transgender Military BanShrek: All who never served in the military...Join the Conversation1 / 53.7k













Allegiant COO, executive vice president Jude Bricker resigns – Las Vegas Review-Journal










































































ad-fullscreen 


 


Skip to content


section-ads_high_impact_1 
 







Business

Allegiant COO, executive vice president Jude Bricker resigns

Jude Bricker resigned Friday as executive vice president and chief operating officer at Allegiant Air after working 11 years with the Las Vegas-based budget carrier, company officials said.









					By Art Marroquin Las Vegas Review-Journal				

					May 26, 2017 - 4:16 pm				






 


Updated May 26, 2017 - 4:23 pm

Jude Bricker, seen in 2016 (Las Vegas Review-Journal)
Jude Bricker resigned Friday as executive vice president and chief operating officer at Allegiant Travel Co. after working 11 years with the Las Vegas-based budget carrier, company officials said.
A reason for Bricker’s departure was not provided by Allegiant executives. Scott Sheldon, Allegiant’s executive vice president and chief financial officer, will temporarily fill Bricker’s role until a replacement is hired.
“I’m honored to have been at the forefront of building the Allegiant model, which has provided millions of travelers an affordable, accessible means to vacation or visit loved ones, while at the same time bringing tremendous business success to the company,” Bricker said in a statement released Friday afternoon.
“Looking at what we’ve accomplished in eleven years is amazing, and I’m humbled and proud to have served with such a talented and hard-working team of professionals every step of the way,” he said. “Though I’ve made a difficult decision to leave Allegiant, I see a company with a future as bright as it was when I first joined the team.”
Bricker was hired by Allegiant in May 2006 as the company’s manager of fleet planning. He rose through the ranks in roles as director of fleet planning, vice president of corporate finance and senior vice president of planning until he was named chief operating officer in January 2016. Prior to working at Allegiant, Bricker worked at American Airlines and served in the Marines from 1996 to 2002.
Maurice Gallagher, Allegiant’s chairman and CEO, said he was “deeply saddened” by Bricker’s resignation.
Allegiant executives on Friday credited Bricker as a “key architect” of the company’s industry-defying strategy to concentrate service at airports in small and midsize cities. When flights are canceled in these far-flung areas, travelers are sometimes forced to wait for several days until the next available plane headed to their desired destination.
During an interview with the Review-Journal last August, Bricker acknowledged the strategy has led to problems with on-time performance.
“Our reliability, which we’ve been very public about, has failed to meet our own expectations,” Bricker said in August. “We’re making all the right investments toward, what I think over time, will be a better customer experience. The important thing is that we recognize it, and we’re making all the right moves to get there.”
The company is in the midst of purchasing used and new Airbus A320 and A319 planes by mid-2019 while retiring its older fleet of McDonnell-Douglas MD-80 and Boeing 757 planes.
Allegiant is also expanding the company’s workforce from the current 550 pilots to employing about 800 pilots by 2019. The move comes as Allegiant enacts its first labor contract reached last summer.
“His efforts were critical to achieving a contract for our pilots — the first collective bargaining agreement in company history — and to designing and implementing a fleet transition which will bring operational efficiencies and economic benefits across the organization,” Allegiant president John Redmond said.
In regular trading, Allegiant shares fell 60 cents, or 0.41 percent, to $145.95. They rose slightly in extended trading.
Contact Art Marroquin at amarroquin@reviewjournal.com or 702-383-0336. Follow @AMarroquin_LV on Twitter.

“With Jude at the wheel of operations, we’ve seen network growth of over 200 incremental markets and world-leading profit margins,” Maurice Gallagher, Allegiant chairman and CEO, said about the resignation of Jude Bricker as the company’s second-in-command.
 







 


ads-in_article_1 


 


 



section-ads_high_impact_4 
 







TOP NEWS 
 



 







 
 



Business



Cybersecurity business ReliaQuest bringing tech talent to Nevada

By Nicole Raz / RJ






 



 







 



Tourism



McCarran reports busiest June traffic on record

By Art Marroquin / RJ






ad-315×600 






 







 



Casinos & Gaming



Las Vegas Sands investments in Asia push revenue over $3B

By Richard N. Velotta / RJ














 



Business



Metro Chamber names Seidman VP of marketing, brand strategy

By Bailey Schulz / RJ






 



 
News Headlines






Military


Weather ‘curveballs’ fail to halt Red Flag exercise at Nellis
By Keith Rogers / RJ

 





Downtown


Crash severs gas line in downtown Las Vegas
By Rachel Hershkovitz / RJ

 





Nation and World


1 dead in ride malfunction at Ohio State Fair
The Associated Press

 





Raiders/NFL


Raiders sign safety Obi Melifonwu; Gareon Conley yet to reach terms
By Michael Gehlken / RJ

 





News


Vending machine brings clean water to tiny California town
By Henry Brean / RJ

 





Homicides


Man arrested in shooting death in east Las Vegas
By Mike Shoro / RJ

 





Business


More distribution operations headed to North Las Vegas
By Wade Tyler Millward / RJ

 





Politics and Government


Senate Republicans fail in bid to repeal Obamacare
By Gary Martin / RJ Washington Bureau

 





Las Vegas


City of Las Vegas wants $270K of back pay from Neonopolis
By Jamie Munks / RJ

 





Nation and World


Utah man charged with starting Brian Head fire
The Associated Press

 





Shootings


Ex-boyfriend faces charges in northeast Las Vegas shooting
By Mike Shoro / RJ

 





Business


Off-Strip Las Vegas hotel sells for $50.5M
By Eli Segall / RJ

 





Science and Technology


Musk calls Zuckerberg’s knowledge of robots ‘limited’
By David Ingram Reuters

 





North Las Vegas


NY Yankees honor fallen North Las Vegas officer Chad Parque
By Isabelle Delgado / RJ

 





Nation and World


Amazon looking to fill 50K positions across US
The Associated Press

 
 





 







 



Local Las Vegas



Parent of Las Vegas-based Allegiant Air sees big profit drop

By Eli Segall / RJ






pos-2 — ads_infeed_1 






 







 



Energy



Winners chosen in $10k NV Energy contest

By Sean Whaley / RJ Capital Bureau






post-4 — ads_infeed_2 






 







 



Local Las Vegas



Workers take pies for the teams in Las Vegas fundraiser — VIDEO

RJ














 



51s/Baseball



Late rally can’t keep 51s from losing 7th straight

By Ben Gotz / RJ






 



Local Spotlight







 











Business Video










 
 



Business



Cybersecurity business ReliaQuest bringing tech talent to Nevada

By Nicole Raz / RJ














 
 



Pot News



Plans for Las Vegas marijuana bus tours hit legal roadblock

By Art Marroquin / RJ














 
 



Science and Technology



Wisconsin retail tech company offers to microchip its staff

By Ivan Moreno The Associated Press








 
high_impact_5 
 





Home Front Page Footer Listing 

Check out what's for sale or rent in the Las Vegas valleyHOMES
Explore life stories, offer condolences & send flowers.OBITUARIES
Buy, Sell or just browse to see what's for saleCLASSIFIEDS
Your best source of local jobs and career trainingJOBS
Browse to see cars & trucks for sale from local dealersAUTOS



Circular 


You May Like 
You  May Like

 











 



 





























 



 Sun Country Airlines® Appoints New President And CEO, Jude Bricker 
         










    










 













 











 



















Sun Country Airlines® Appoints New President And CEO, Jude Bricker
        																																																		
              
















 News provided by
Sun Country Airlines  
Jul 10, 2017, 20:20 ET









 Share this article




























































MINNEAPOLIS, July 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Sun Country Airlines (Sun Country) announced today that it has appointed Jude Bricker to be its new president and chief executive officer. Bricker previously served as the COO and EVP of Allegiant Airlines. Bricker was with Allegiant Airlines from May 2006 through May 2017. Bricker started with Allegiant as manager of fleet planning, then served as director of fleet planning, vice president of corporate finance and senior vice president of planning. Bricker was promoted to the COO position at Allegiant in January 2016.  










 







							 		Jude Bricker
							  



 

 
 



"We are pleased to have Jude Bricker joining us at Sun Country to lead our organization going forward," commented Marty Davis, Chairman of Sun Country. "Sun Country is composed of a tremendously experienced group of employees. Our ongoing challenge is to grow this business in the most optimal manner, and do so within the market opportunities before us. Jude will lead that effort."
Bricker replaces Zarir Erani who was asked to step down from the position of president and chief executive officer of Sun Country. Erani will be involved in other activities within Cambria Company. 
"I am excited to be joining Sun Country. This team has established Sun Country as a preeminent name in travel in Minnesota," stated Bricker. "I look forward to continuing the tradition of customer focus while delivering safe and reliable service to top destinations." 
Bricker and his wife Ty have three children: Jack (16), Anna Grace (14), and Ella (12). The family will be moving to Minnesota from Las Vegas in the near future.
About Sun Country Sun Country Airlines (MN Airlines, LLC d.b.a. Sun Country Airlines) is based in Minneapolis/St. Paul, Minnesota. The award-winning airline, which flies to popular destinations across the U.S., Mexico, Costa Rica and the Caribbean, has earned a reputation for offering world-class service at an affordable price. The airline offers vacation packages through Sun Country Vacations, a program that allows travelers to book airfare, hotel, rental cars and more in a single, convenient transaction. Minnesota's Hometown Airline™ also offers Sun Country Charters—taking your private charter group virtually anywhere with a commitment to reliable and customized service. For more information, visit suncountry.com. 
Sun Country, Sun Country Airlines, Sun Country Vacations, Minnesota's Hometown Airline and the Compass logo are registered trademarks of MN Airlines, LLC d/b/a Sun Country Airlines.
CONTACT: Kelsey Dodson-Smith, kelsey.dodsonsmith@suncountry.com
 
View original content with multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sun-country-airlines-appoints-new-president-and-ceo-jude-bricker-300485674.html
SOURCE Sun Country Airlines
 Related Links

https://www.suncountry.com/booking/search.html



 


















May 10, 2017, 14:00 ET
Preview: Sun Country Airlines® Announces New Service To Aruba And Tucson, Arizona








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











May 10, 2017, 14:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Sun Country Airlines® Announces New Service To Aruba And Tucson,...








 











Apr 11, 2017, 12:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Sun Country Airlines® Announces Hometown Lakes Project,...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Airlines & Aviation
  Travel Industry
Personnel Announcements








 You just read:
Sun Country Airlines® Appoints New President And CEO, Jude Bricker


 News provided by
Sun Country Airlines  
Jul 10, 2017, 20:20 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 









Request Product Information about Jude Bricker To Leave Position As Allegiant EVP And Chief Operating Officer from Allegiant Airlines




























































				
				Channels			
			





Aircraft





Engines & Components





Tools & Equipment





Education & Training





Airports





Tech & Security





AOA





FBOs/Tenants





Airlines





Ground Handling





GSE





Buyer's Guide












Go







Menu



Channels



Aircraft





Engines & Components





Tools & Equipment





Education & Training





Airports





Tech & Security





AOA





FBOs/Tenants





Airlines





Ground Handling





GSE





Buyer's Guide


Additional Resources


Magazines




Media Center




Events




Industry Insider




Classified/RFP




GSE expo




Careers




Webinars


User
Log Out
Register
Log In
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Site Tools
Contact Us
Advertise





















Request More Information:

Jude Bricker To Leave Position As Allegiant EVP And Chief Operating Officer
               from
               Allegiant Airlines


               If you already have an account with AviationPros.com you can
               Login
               to speed up your request.
            





Email
Required




Confirm Email
Required




First Name
Required




Last Name
Required




Job Title
Required




Company Name
Optional




Phone #
Optional




Country
Required

Please select...
United States
Canada
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Ascension Island
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cote dIvoire
Cambodia
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, the Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
France, Metropolitan
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic Peoples Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao Peoples Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Zip/Postal Code
Required




When do you have plans to purchase?
Optional

Please select...
Immediately
1-3 months
4-6 months
7-9 months
12 months
No plans. Just researching
































































Select Industry
Required

Please select...
Aircraft Maintenance
Airports
FBOs
Ground Support/Ground Handling
Other




What category best describes your business?
Required

Please select...





What category best describes your job title?
Required

Please select...





DO YOU HAVE DIRECT OR SUPERVISORY INFLUENCE OVER MAINTENANCE WORK? 
Required

Please select...
Yes
No









Comments
Required




Captcha
Required






Accept terms and conditions


Loading...
Processing...







 








Airlines



 Jude Bricker To Leave Position As Allegiant EVP And Chief Operating Officer 


May 26, 2017



   From 
   Allegiant Airlines


		Allegiant Travel Company on May 26, announced that Jude Bricker has resigned his position as executive vice president and chief operating officer. Bricker has been with Allegiant since 2006 and through a variety of leadership roles has been a key...
	








 































Aircraft





Engines & Components





Tools & Equipment





Education & Training





Airports





Tech & Security





AOA





FBOs/Tenants





Airlines





Ground Handling





GSE





Buyer's Guide



Log Out
Register
Log In
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Contact Us
Advertise
Sitemap




 









Jude Bricker To Leave Position As Allegiant EVP And Chief Operating Officer | PressReleasePoint






















































































Jump to Navigation











PressReleasePoint


Free Press Release Distribution Website
 



Main menuBusiness
Technology
Health
Education
Entertainment
Environment
Hospitality
Human Interest
Social Issues
Labor
Law
Politics
Religion
Sports
Disaster
War Conflict
Weather
  

Secondary menuUSA
Canada
Australia
UK
India
South Africa
New Zealand
Singapore
More Countries
 
 




PressReleasePoint MainPressReleasePoint Main
PressReleasePoint Free


Submit Press ReleaseSubmit Press Release
Submit Free Press Release
Press Release Dos and Don'ts
Press Release How To


Free PR Website List
PR ResourcesPR Articles
eBooks
PR Agencies
Media Directory
PR Videos
Search PR Sites
Social Book Marking Sites


Press ReleasesAll Press Release
Most Viewed PR (Today)
Popular PR (30 days)
Popular PR (365 Days)
Popular PR (All Time)
PR Most Liked on FB (30 days)
Popular PR on FB
User Press Release
Interesting Press Release
Priority Release Page


Our ServicesSubmit press release 50+ free PR sites
Track and Publish Press Release
Distribute Press Release to Media
Press Release Writing Service
Free Trial: Submit to 20 PR Sites


About UsPressReleasePoint
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
Site Analytics and Traffic Graph
Copyright
Privacy Policy


Contact Us




 


Jude Bricker To Leave Position As Allegiant EVP And Chief Operating Officer
View
Devel





Posted May 26th, 2017 for Allegiant Air 






Printer-friendly version
LAS VEGAS, May 26, 2017 / / -- Allegiant Travel Company (NASDAQ: ALGT) today announced that Jude Bricker has resigned his position as executive vice president and chief operating officer. Bricker has been with Allegiant since 2006 and through a variety of leadership roles has been a key architect of the company's growth and success. 



"I'm honored to have been at the forefront of building the Allegiant model, which has provided millions of travelers an affordable, accessible means to vacation or visit loved ones, while at the same time bringing tremendous business success to the company," said Bricker. "Looking at what we've accomplished in eleven years is amazing, and I'm humbled and proud to have served with such a talented and hard-working team of professionals every step of the way. Though I've made a difficult decision to leave Allegiant, I see a company with a future as bright as it was when I first joined the team."
"Jude has been a tremendous leader and innovator for Allegiant," said John Redmond, Allegiant president. "His efforts were critical to achieving a contract for our pilots – the first collective bargaining agreement in company history – and to designing and implementing a fleet transition which will bring operational efficiencies and economic benefits across the organization."  
"With Jude at the wheel of operations, we've seen network growth of over 200 incremental markets and world-leading profit margins," said Maurice J. Gallagher, Jr., Allegiant chairman and CEO. "We are deeply saddened to lose him, and wish him every success in his future endeavors." 
Bricker will depart his position with Allegiant effective Friday, May 26, 2017. Scott Sheldon, executive vice president and chief financial officer, will act as interim chief operating officer until a successor is selected.
Allegiant.®
Las Vegas-based Allegiant (NASDAQ: ALGT) is focused on linking travelers in small cities to world-class leisure destinations. The airline offers industry-low fares on an all-jet fleet while also offering other travel-related products such as hotel rooms, rental cars and attraction tickets. All can be purchased only through the company website, Allegiant.com. Beginning with one aircraft and one route in 1999, the company has grown to over 80 aircraft and more than 300 routes across the country with base airfares less than half the cost of the average domestic roundtrip ticket. For downloadable press kit, including photos, visit: http://gofly.us/iiFa303wrtF.
 


To view the original version on  , visit:http://www. .com/news-releases/jude-bricker-to-leave-position-as-allegiant-evp-and-chief-operating-officer-300464703.html 

Search PR Sites
Printer-friendly version
 

      Copy this html code to your website/blog to embed this press release.
      <a href="http://www.pressreleasepoint.com/jude-bricker-leave-position-allegiant-evp-and-chief-operating-officer" class="active">Jude Bricker To Leave Position As Allegiant EVP And Chief Operating Officer</a>



Comments

Post new comment


Your name: *



E-mail(Not Displayed): *





Math test to stop spam: *
9 + 1 =  


Comment: *







To prevent automated spam submissions leave this field empty.










This press release is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License. Read full copyright information here.  


 


Like this site on Facebook





Distribute Press Release


Just $15, Post your press release to list of 40+ free press release websites 

Effortlessly publish all your press releases with our automated pickup and submission  service.
Write a basic press release for $10.





Search




Search this site: 










Tags

Business FinanceAviationEconomy of the United StatesEnterpriseNASDAQLas VegasPresidentAllegiant AirMaurice J. Gallagher, Jr.airline offers industry-low farestravel-related productsAllegiant Travel CompanyJohn RedmondJude BrickerMaurice J. Gallagher , Jr.Scott Sheldon 




User login


Login/Register
Username or e-mail: *



Password: *



 Remember me

Forgot userid / email id? Request new password




To prevent automated spam submissions leave this field empty.







Like & Share This Page

Google Plus One
Tweet Widget
 Forward
 del.icio.us
 Digg
 StumbleUpon
 Technorati
 Reddit
 Newsvine
 Diigo
 


Page traffic

 


Allegiant Air Press Release ...







Allegiant Travel Company Schedules Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Call




Allegiant Announces 28 New Routes And Service From 3 New Cities With Fares As Low As $29




Allegiant And ALAFCO Announce Lease Agreement For Thirteen Airbus A320 Aircraft




Allegiant Reports May 2017 Traffic




Jude Bricker To Leave Position As Allegiant EVP And Chief Operating Officer




"Allegiant Honors" Program Supports U.S. Military & Veterans With Select Free Services




Allegiant Reports April 2017 Traffic




Allegiant Reports March 2017 Traffic




Allegiant Travel Company Schedules First Quarter 2017 Earnings Call




Allegiant Announces Ponder Harrison as EVP & Chief Marketing Officer



 


    More Allegiant Air Press Release  





 

Free Press Release Distribution Website. Write Press Release. Submit Press Release. Distribute Press Release.
 
 






 







    Jude Bricker | Allegiant Travel Company | ZoomInfo.com


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.



























Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip




















Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v























