

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bright House Networks, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 2:53 AM ET
Diversified Telecommunication Services

Company Overview of Bright House Networks, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Bright House Networks, LLC owns and operates cable systems that provide video, high-speed data, home security, and automation and voice services in the United States. It offers a portfolio of video, voice, data, and cloud-based solutions to the small and medium business segments; and fiber-based telecommunication services to industry verticals in the mid-market and carrier segments, including cloud-based hosted voice, managed security, and cell backhaul to wireless carriers. The company also provides bundle services; TV services, including sports, movies on demand, and premium and international channels; and Internet services, including Wi-Fi, home networking, and Internet security. In addit...
Bright House Networks, LLC owns and operates cable systems that provide video, high-speed data, home security, and automation and voice services in the United States. It offers a portfolio of video, voice, data, and cloud-based solutions to the small and medium business segments; and fiber-based telecommunication services to industry verticals in the mid-market and carrier segments, including cloud-based hosted voice, managed security, and cell backhaul to wireless carriers. The company also provides bundle services; TV services, including sports, movies on demand, and premium and international channels; and Internet services, including Wi-Fi, home networking, and Internet security. In addition, it offers phone services that include international calling plans; home security and control solutions that include equipment and batteries; and advertising solutions, including geo-targeted digital online advertising. The company serves residential customers, small and medium businesses, and enterprises, as well as healthcare, insurance and real estate, food and beverage, professional services, personal services, architecture and construction, and other industries. Bright House Networks, LLC was formerly known as TWEAN Subsidiary, LLC and changed its name to Bright House Networks, LLC in April 2003. The company was founded in 2002 and is based in East Syracuse, New York. It has technologically advanced systems in Florida, Alabama, Indiana, Michigan, and California. Bright House Networks, LLC operates as a subsidiary of Charter Communications Operating, LLC.
Detailed Description


5000 Campuswood DriveSuite 1East Syracuse, NY 13057United StatesFounded in 2002



Phone: 315-438-4100

Fax: 315-438-4643

brighthouse.com







Key Executives for Bright House Networks, LLC




Mr. John N. Rigsby


      	President of Bright House Networks Florida Group Office
      


Age: 70
        







Mr. Mike Robertson


      	President of Tampa Bay Division
      


Age: 63
        







Mr. Joe Schoenstein


      	President of Bakersfield Division
      








Mr. Leo Cloutier


      	Senior Vice President of Strategy and Business Development -Syracuse N Y
      








Mr. Craig Cowden


      	Senior Vice President of Network Engineering & Operations, and Enterprise Solutions
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Bright House Networks, LLC Key Developments

Bright House Networks Enterprise Solutions Connects Tampa's Barrymore Hotel Tampa Riverwalk
Apr 26 16
Bright House Networks Enterprise Solutions announced that it will provide Tampa's new Barrymore Hotel Tampa Riverwalk with a number of hospitality solutions, including Video, Internet, Managed WiFi, and Voice services. Bright House Networks Enterprise Solutions offers a comprehensive portfolio of video, voice, data, cloud, and managed services that can be customized to meet the communications needs of any organization. The company offers scalable solutions for clients to expand their level of service as needed, all delivered over its extensive and secure facilities-based IP core fiber network, which it owns and operates for best in class performance and reliability. The company also offers local 24x7x365 support, and dedicated local sales executives and solutions engineers.


Bright House Networks Enterprise Solutions Signs Agreement
Jan 25 16
Bright House Networks Enterprise Solutions has signed an agreement to provide voice, dedicated Internet access, metro Ethernet and enterprise trunking services to Associates in Dermatology.


Bright House Networks Announces Launch of Robust New Whole House DVR Solution
Sep 16 15
Bright House Networks announced that it is launching a robust new whole house DVR solution. The company announced that it has launched Voyager, a new DVR service that combines the advanced recording capabilities of its Enhanced DVR with the convenience of its Whole House DVR to stream programs simultaneously throughout the home. With Bright House Networks new Voyager service, the Enhanced DVR can be networked to up to seven other cable boxes in the home. Then enjoy the convenience of being able to record up to six shows at once, and enjoy the flexibility of watching these recordings on any cable box in the network. Voyager also allows viewers to store dozens of episodes of their favorite shows, as well as the ability to start watching a program in one room and then finish watching it in another. Bright House Networks is the sixth large owner and operator of cable systems in the US and the second large in Florida, with technologically advanced systems located in five states including Florida, Alabama, Indiana, Michigan and California and two of the top 20 DMAs. It serves approximately 2.5 million customers who subscribe to one or more of its video, high-speed data, home security and automation and voice services.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1 Com, Inc. United States 1-800-RECONEX, Inc. United States 123.Net Inc. United States 1800Prepaid United States 186 Communications, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Bright House Networks, LLC, please visit brighthouse.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Bright House Networks LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback



























bright house networks llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Communications
Industry: Media
Sub-Industry: Entertainment Content
Bright House Networks LLC provides digital media services. The Company offers cable, phone, and high speed internet services for families and communities. Bright House Networks provides its products and services in the States of California, Alabama, Michigan, Indiana, and Florida.




Corporate Information
Address:

5000 Campuswood Drive
Suite 1
Syracuse, NY 13057-4250
United States


Phone:
1-315-438-4100


Fax:
1-315-463-4127


Web url:
www.mybrighthouse.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Steven A Miron


Chief Executive Officer




Kimberly Maki


VP:Corporate Communications




Marva Johnson


VP:Government & Industry Affairs




Lorelie Johnson


Investor Relations







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






































BRIGHT HOUSE NETWORKS INFORMATION SERVICES (INDIANA), LLC, 2004100800046 | Indiana-register.com












































BRIGHT HOUSE NETWORKS INFORMATION SERVICES (INDIANA), LLC
12405 Powerscourt Drive, Saint Louis, MO, 63131, USA


















 
+
0
-



BRIGHT HOUSE NETWORKS INFORMATION SERVICES (INDIANA), LLC is an entity registered at Indiana with company number 2004100800046. Company is incorporated on7th October 2004. Current status of the company is Active. The company's agentis CORPORATION SERVICE COMPANY, 251 E OHIO STREET, STE 500, INDIANAPOLIS, IN, 46204, USA The company's manageris Charter   Communications, Inc. , 400 Atlantic Street, Stamford, CT, 06901, USA
Company information


Company name
BRIGHT HOUSE NETWORKS INFORMATION SERVICES (INDIANA), LLC


Address
12405 Powerscourt Drive, Saint Louis, MO, 63131, USA


Status
Active


Company number
2004100800046


Company type
Foreign Limited Liability Company


Domicile state
Delaware


Formation Date
08/23/2004


Incorporation Date
7th October 2004


Expiration Date
Perpetual


Business Entity Report Due Date
2018-10-31T01:00:00+01:00



					Agent
				


Name
CORPORATION SERVICE COMPANY


Address
251 E OHIO STREET, STE 500, INDIANAPOLIS, IN, 46204, USA



					Manager
				


Name
Charter   Communications, Inc. 


Address
400 Atlantic Street, Stamford, CT, 06901, USA






Related companies

BRIGHT HOUSE NETWORKS, LLC
BRIGHT HUB, LLC
BRIGHT HVAC LLC
BRIGHT IDEA CREATIONS, INC.
BRIGHT IDEA ENERGY SOLUTIONS, LLC
BRIGHT IDEA INVESTMENTS LLC
BRIGHT IDEA STUDIOS LLC
BRIGHT IDEAS  LLC
BRIGHT IDEAS ACADEMY LLC
BRIGHT IDEAS ELECTRIC INC.


BRIGHT HOUSE NETWORKS ADMIN, LLC
BRIGHT HOUSE APPRAISAL LLC
BRIGHT HORIZONS INC.
BRIGHT HORIZONS GROUP, INC.
BRIGHT HORIZONS FOUNDATION, INC.
BRIGHT HORIZONS DEVELOPMENT LLC
BRIGHT HORIZONS CORPORATION
BRIGHT HORIZONS CHILDREN'S CENTERS, INC.
BRIGHT HORIZONS CHILDREN'S CENTERS LLC
BRIGHT HORIZONS CAPITAL CORP

Similar company number

NTK SERVICES, INC.
CUMBERLAND POINTE HOMEOWNERS' ASSOCIATION, INC.
MADINGER MANAGEMENT, LLC
KENSINGTON CARRIAGE HOMES, LLC
INTERNATIONAL FORENSIC SCIENCE LABORATORY AND TRAINING CENTRE, LTD.
ATCO MANUFACTURING COMPANY
SHADY WOODS, LLC
HASTE THE DAY, LLC
PONDAROSA ASSOCIATES, LLC
CASE, LLC


LINCOLN PARK OPEN MRI, LLC
HANOVER NORTH HOMEOWNERS' ASSOCIATION, INC.
CROSSROADS REALTY INVESTMENTS, LLC
ACCC CO., LLC
GPT EVANSVILLE, LLC
MET-TEK, LLC
CMAT 1999-C2 FORTUNE CIRCLE, LLC
REGIONAL TITLE SERVICES, LLC
IN TIME DELIVERY, LLC
MULTIMEDIA SPECIALTIES CORPORATION

























Landing Page

























Call Back



FAQ



Save Your Cart



Order Status







                        Improve your Experience
                    




                            We’re sorry. It appears your browser isn’t supported and we want you to have the very best experience possible.
                        

                            Please update to one of the trusted browsers below.
                        










                                Chrome
                            

                                Supported 38 and higher
                            








                                FireFox
                            

                                Supported 32 and higher
                            








                                Internet Explorer
                            

                                Supported 9 and higher
                            








                                Safari
                            

                                Supported 7 and higher
                            






Feel free to call us at


                            1-855-261-7646
                        

←

                                Return to Spectrum.com
                            







Guide Narration Available

         Customers with visual disabilities can engage in digital TV content more easily than ever before.
         Call 1-844-762-1301 to request the new audible TV guide.
Learn about accessibility




Serviceable areas only. Some restrictions apply. Products and price of equipment and services subject to change. Product and Offer Disclaimers.

                © 2017 Charter Communications. All rights reserved.
                Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Bright House Networks' parent, Charter Communications Operating, LLC.
| Your California Privacy Rights |
 Service Rates |









Bright House Networks - Wikipedia





















 






Bright House Networks

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the UK retailer BrightHouse, see BrightHouse (retailer).

Bright House Networks LLC





Former type

Subsidiary


Industry
Telecommunication


Fate
Acquired by Charter Communications


Successor
Spectrum


Founded
2003; 14 years ago (2003)


Defunct
2016; 1 year ago (2016)


Headquarters
Syracuse, New York, United States



Key people

Steve Miron (CEO)[1]
Nomi Bergman (President)[1]
Bill Futera (EVP and CFO)


Products
Digital cable
Home phone service
Business phone service
High-speed Internet
Business data solutions
Home security and automation


Parent
Advance Publications
(2003–2016)
Charter Communications
(2016–present)


Website
www.spectrum.com


Bright House Networks LLC was an American telecom company. Prior to its purchase by Charter Communications, it was the tenth-largest multichannel video service provider and the 6th largest cable internet provider (based on coverage) in the United States.[2] The company served more than 2.2 million customers.[3]
Bright House Networks' primary service offerings included digital television, high-speed internet, home security and automation and voice services.[3]
Bright House Networks also owned and operated two 24-hour local news operations; Central Florida News 13 serving the Orlando area, and Bay News 9 serving the Tampa Bay area.[4]



Contents


1 History
2 Service area
3 Naming rights
4 Carriage disputes
5 See also
6 References
7 External links



History[edit]
Prior to 1994, some of the systems were fully owned by Advance/Newhouse under the names Vision Cable and Cable Vision (no relation to Cablevision in the New York City metro area), while in other areas, Bright House Networks is the successor to TelePrompTer Cable TV, Group W Cable, Strategic Cable, Paragon Cable, Shaw Communications and the Tampa Bay/Orlando Time Warner Communications (previously Time Inc.'s American Television & Communications before the Time Warner merger) systems in Florida.
All of the systems that eventually came to be owned by Bright House Networks were previously owned by the Time Warner Entertainment–Advance/Newhouse Partnership. Bright House Networks, LLC was formerly known as TWEAN Subsidiary, LLC and changed its name to Bright House Networks, LLC in April 2003.[5] Under a deal struck in 2003, Advance/Newhouse took direct management and operational responsibility for a portion of the partnership cable systems roughly equal to their equity. Bright House Networks offers video, high-speed data, home security and automation and voice services. In addition, Bright House Networks operated two regional local news channels – Bay News 9 in the Tampa Bay market, and News 13 in the Orlando market. Bright House Networks had an extensive fiber optic network in the Florida area and used it to provide commercial services including dedicated Internet access, VPN services, and private network transport as well as telecom facilities such as SIP trunking and PRI service.
On March 31, 2015, Charter Communications announced it would acquire Bright House in a $10.4 billion deal, contingent on Time Warner Cable waiving its right of first refusal to acquire the latter company, which was not expected to be exercised given the then-pending Comcast–Time Warner Cable merger.[6] On May 26, 2015, after Comcast had abandoned its plans to buy Time Warner Cable, Charter announced its own plans to merge with TWC, as well as a renegotiated arrangement for the purchase of Bright House. If both deals are completed, Advance/Newhouse will gain a stake of roughly 14 percent in the combined company.[7] On April 25, 2016 regulators approved both mergers. As a result of the deal, the Bright House and Time Warner Cable brands will be phased out and eliminated completely, with both services amalgamated under Charter's Spectrum brand over the coming months.[8]
Service area[edit]
The company provided service to areas including Indianapolis, Central Florida (Orlando / Daytona Beach areas), Tampa/Lakeland area, Birmingham–Hoover area, west suburban Detroit, and Bakersfield. Most of its former business was concentrated in Central Florida.
Naming rights[edit]
Bright House Networks owns the naming rights to UCF's Bright House Networks Stadium (now Spectrum Stadium) in Orlando, Florida; Bright House Field (now Spectrum Field) in Clearwater, Florida, the spring training home of the Phillies; and the Bright House Networks Amphitheatre in Bakersfield, California. They formerly served as title sponsor of the Futures Tour Bright House Networks Open golf tournament, held in Lakeland, Florida.
Carriage disputes[edit]
When Bright House Networks was separate from Time Warner Cable, most of its carriage deals were still negotiated on its behalf by Time Warner Cable.[9] Thus, Bright House customers were affected whenever there were carriage disputes between TWC and a content provider, which has happened several times.




Bright House Networks Spectrum



From its inception in 2003, Bright House's systems in central Florida, including Orlando, refused to carry Fox Sports Florida. This dated back to when the central Florida cable franchise was held by Cablevision, and then Time Warner Cable. As Bright House is by far the largest cable provider in central Florida, this left most of the Orlando area without most Orlando Magic games. The dispute ended in 2009, when Bright House added Fox Sports Florida to its lineup.
On September 15, 2008 Bright House temporarily dropped stations owned by the LIN TV Corporation on its Pensacola, DeFuniak Springs and Indiana systems. Affected stations were WALA-TV in Mobile, Alabama, WISH-TV/WNDY-TV/WIIH-CA in Indianapolis and WANE-TV in Fort Wayne, Indiana. Even though the controversy was focused on Time Warner Cable systems, Bright House was included in the dispute, in areas where they were formerly owned by Time Warner. With both companies factored in, a total of 15 markets were affected.[10]
On December 31, 2008, Time Warner Cable and Viacom's MTV Networks had not agreed to renew any Viacom channel beyond the end of year. Therefore, Time Warner and Bright House Networks would have lost all 19 Viacom channels (including Comedy Central and Nickelodeon) starting on January 1, 2009.[11][12] This blackout was narrowly avoided when a zero-hour deal was reached shortly after 12 Midnight ET on January 1, 2009.[13]
In December 2009, the Fox Broadcasting Company announced that a dispute with Time Warner Cable could lead to Fox's owned and operated affiliates to be pulled from Bright House systems in the Detroit, Tampa Bay, Orlando and Gainesville markets, along with Fox's cable and sports channels in all markets served by Bright House. The carriage protests were announced shortly before Fox was to carry the Bowl Championship Series, which included the Florida Gators in the Sugar Bowl. The dispute excluded Fox News Channel, Fox Business Network and some regional sports channels, which are on separate contracts.[14][15] Shortly before the 12 midnight ET deadline on December 31, 2009, Fox granted Time Warner Cable and Bright House a brief extension during New Year's Day as talks continued, so viewers would not miss the Sugar Bowl, though the other bowl games and the NFL lineup remained at risk.[16] A settlement between the two parties was reached the evening of January 1, 2010, though no terms were disclosed; during the discussions that day, none of Fox's channels or stations were blacked out.[17]
In July 2010, ABC's parent company, Disney, announced that Disney was involved in a carriage dispute with Time Warner Cable for the first time since 2000 (because Bright House Networks deals are negotiated by Time Warner Cable, Bright House customers were also affected). In Bright House-served areas, the dispute involved the Disney Channel, Disney XD, ABC Family, and all the networks of ESPN. Despite word of an early agreement on August 30, 2010,[18] it was not until the evening of the September 2 deadline that an agreement was reached between Disney and Time Warner Cable.[19][20][21]
On July 9, 2012, Hearst Television removed its stations from Time Warner Cable and Bright House Networks systems when the parties failed to reach a deal.[22] In the interim, WESH Orlando was replaced on Bright House systems in Central Florida with WBRE-TV Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, a station owned by the Nexstar Broadcasting Group,[23] while other Hearst stations on Bright House were replaced with other cable channels offered by Bright House. Nexstar complained that Bright House has used WBRE's signal outside their markets without permission, while Bright House argued it was within its rights to use that station's signal as a replacement until a deal with Hearst was reached.[24] According to Time Warner Cable, the dispute stemmed from Hearst's demand of a 300% increase in its retransmission fees.[22] The substitutions lasted until July 19, 2012, when the deal was reached between Hearst and Time Warner.[25]
On August 2, 2013 at 5 pm, the carriage deal between CBS and Time Warner Cable expired, with no renewal deal being reached until a month later. Time Warner had major markets affected by the blackout, while only a few Bright House markets lost access to CBS and CW stations owned by CBS Television Stations, as well as cable channels FLIX and The Smithsonian Channel; Bright House's territory includes CBSTS-owned broadcast stations Tampa CW station WTOG-TV and Detroit's WKBD-TV and WWJ-TV on their Livonia, Michigan system, which were blacked out.[26]) Premium channels Showtime and The Movie Channel, which are also owned by CBS, were similarly pulled from the cable lineup, including the corresponding Video On Demand services. Bright House said that CBS withdrew permission to air Showtime, while CBS denied that and called the blackout a "punitive" measure by TWC.[27]

See also[edit]

List of United States telephone companies
Pivot Wireless

References[edit]



^ a b CableFAX: 31. Family Affair: Bob Miron, Steve Miron, Nomi Bergman
^ NCTA Top 25 MSO's
^ a b "About Bright House Networks". Bright House Networks. Retrieved 2014-04-28. 
^ "About Bright House Networks". Bay News 9. Retrieved 2014-04-28. 
^ https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=9316967
^ "Charter to buy Bright House cable". Orlando Sentinel. March 30, 2015. Retrieved April 1, 2015. 
^ "Charter Communications Agrees to Acquire Time Warner Cable". The New York Times. Retrieved 26 May 2015. 
^ "Charter completes purchase of Time Warner Cable, Bright House". Los Angeles Times. May 18, 2016. Retrieved June 25, 2016. 
^ "Bright House viewers lose WTOG, Showtime". TampaBay.com. 
^ LIN TV Corp.: Time Warner Contract Expires October 2 Archived October 3, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Viacom May Pull Channels Off Time Warner Cable in Contract Spat
^ "Time Warner may cut ‘Colbert,’ ‘Spongebob’". msnbc.com. 
^ Los Angeles Times: "Viacom, Time Warner Cable settle contract dispute", 1/1/2009.
^ keepfoxon.com, Fox's official carriage protest site Archived January 25, 2012, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Reuters: "Fox says Time Warner Cable may drop Fox TV shows", December 18, 2009.
^ AP (via Chicago Tribune): "Fox grants 'brief extension', keeps signal going as dispute with Time Warner Cable continues", January 1, 2010.
^ ABC News: "NFL, 'Idol' After All: Time Warner Cable, Fox Announce Deal on Broadcasts; Football Fans Breathe Easier as Cable Giants Reach an Unspecified Agreement", January 1, 2010.
^ New York Post: "Time Warner Cable, Disney set TV deal", August 30, 2010. Archived October 20, 2012, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "ABC, ESPN stay on air as Disney-Time Warner talks continue". September 2, 2010. 
^ Riddell, Kelly (September 2, 2010). "Disney Keeps Channels on Time Warner Cable as Talks Extend Past Deadline". Bloomberg. 
^ "Business News, Personal Finance and Money News". ABC News. Retrieved 2012-07-25. 
^ a b Adweek: "Hearst and Time Warner Cable Part Ways Over Retrans", July 10, 2012.
^ Adweek: "Imported Signals in Retrans Fight Raise Regulatory Questions", July 10, 2012.
^ Tampa Bay Times: "Hearst dispute with Bright House pulls WMOR-Ch. 32 and digital THIS TV off Tampa Bay cable system", July 10, 2012.
^ Broadcasting & Cable: "Hearst TV, Time Warner Cable End Viewer Blackout", July 19, 2012.
^ "Local 6 issues programming alert". ClickOrlando.com. 
^ "Showtime off Bright House in fee dispute". The Orlando Sentinel. 



External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


Cable, satellite, and other specialty television providers in the United States



Cable MVPD



Adams Cable
Allegiance Communications
Altice USA

Optimum
Suddenlink Communications


Armstrong
Atlantic Broadband
Blue Ridge Communications
Blue Stream
Broadstripe
Buckeye Broadband
Cable One
Charter Spectrum
Comcast Xfinity
Consolidated Communications

FairPoint Communications


Cox Communications
Docomo Pacific
Emery Telcom
Full Channel
GCI
Hargray
Layer3 TV
Mediacom
Midco
Northland Communications
OneLink Communications
Satview Broadband
Service Electric
SRT Communications
TDS Telecom
TPG

Grande Communications
RCN Corporation
Wave Broadband


TruVista Communications
WOW!





Satellite MVPD



Claro
Dish Network
DirecTV
Glorystar
Headend in the Sky
Home2US





Fiber MVPD / IPTV



AT&T U-verse
CenturyLink Prism TV
Cincinnati Bell FiOptics
Claro
Consolidated Communications

FairPoint Communications


EPB
Frontier FiOS
Google Fiber
GTA Teleguam
Hawaiian Telcom
Layer3 TV
Midco
NEP Datastream TV
TDS Telecom
Verizon FiOS
Windstream Kinetic





Virtual MVPD



DirecTV Now
FuboTV
Hulu with Live TV
PlayStation Vue
Skitter TV
Sling TV
YouTube TV





Over-the-top



Amazon Video
Anime Network
Apple TV (iTunes Store)
CBS All Access
Crackle
Crunchyroll
CW Seed
CuriosityStream
DramaFever
Fandor
Feeln
FunimationNow
go90
HBO Now
History Vault
Hulu
iON (IPTV)
Lifetime Movie Club
Netflix
Noggin
Pluto TV
Roku
Seeso
Showtime
StarzPlay
Tribeca Shortlist
Tubi TV
Univision NOW
Yupptv





Defunct cable



Adelphia Communications Corporation
Alameda Power and Telecom1
Astound Broadband
AT&T Broadband

MediaOne / Continental Cablevision
Tele-Communications Inc.


Baja Broadband

US Cable


Bresnan Communications
Bright House Networks
Cablevision
Champion Broadband
Cobridge Communications
Community Home Entertainment
Graceba Total Communications
Insight Communications
Jones Intercable
King Videocable
Knology
Marcus Cable
NPG Cable
Paragon Cable
Rapid Communications
TelePrompTer / Group W Cable
Time Warner Cable
UA-Columbia Cablevision
Windjammer Communications

1 – Still in operation, but no longer offers cable or Internet as part of its services




Defunct satellite



AlphaStar
GlobeCast World TV
PrimeStar
United States Satellite Broadcasting
Voom HD Networks





Defunct IPTV



Sky Angel
Virtual Digital Cable





Defunct terrestrial



Aereo
USDTV
MovieBeam





See also



Radio spectrum pollution












v
t
e


Additional resources on North American television



North America



List of local television stations in North America
DTV transition
North American TV mini-template





Canada



Canadian networks
List of Canadian television networks
List of Canadian television channels
List of Canadian specialty channels
Local Canadian TV stations
List of United States stations available in Canada
2001 Vancouver TV realignment
2007 Canada broadcast TV realignment





Mexico



Mexican networks
Local Mexican TV stations





United States



American networks
List of American cable and satellite networks
List of American over-the-air networks
Local American TV stations (W)
Local American TV stations (K)
Spanish-language TV networks
1994 United States broadcast TV realignment
2006 United States broadcast TV realignment
List of Canadian television stations available in the United States
Insular Areas TV











Africa, Asia, and Oceania
Americas
Europe










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Bright_House_Networks&oldid=792313017"					
Categories: Defunct telecommunications companies of the United StatesCable television companies of the United StatesDefunct media companies of the United StatesDefunct companies based in Syracuse, New YorkDirect broadcast satellite servicesPrivately held companies based in New YorkCharter CommunicationsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksOfficial website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 25 July 2017, at 20:22.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 

































































TV


















 


Residential


 


Business 


Small Business

Medium Business

Enterprise

Hospitality

Channel Partner


 


Spectrum Reach


 







 Pay Bill
            




 My Services
            




 Contact Us
            













                Have a Question for us?1-877-424-9246
















 


                            Services 












 
BUNDLES









 
VOICE









 
INTERNET









 
TV









 


                            Industries 












 
HEALTHCARE









 
INSURANCE & REAL ESTATE









 
FOOD & BEVERAGE









 
PROFESSIONAL SERVICES









 
PERSONAL SERVICES









 
ARCHITECTURE & CONSTRUCTION









 
OTHER









 


                            Business Stage 












 
STARTUP









 
GROWTH









 
ESTABLISHED









 



                            About Us 













ABOUT US









CAREERS









NEWSROOM









OUR POLICIES









 



                            Resources
                        

 



                            Support 













BROWSE SUPPORT TOPICS









FAQ









HOSTED VOICE SUPPORT









CONTACT SUPPORT









 


X
Questions?
Call us at
1-877-424-9246
or Contact Us 
via our online form.



















Services






Bundles|Voice|Internet|TV










TV








  > Services > TV



Tune In to Business TV
News. Sports. Entertainment.

Adding TV is easy and affordable. It’s a nice perk for your employees and customers, with channel lineups they want to see.






BUSINESS TV
No extra equipment to purchase exclusives
Premier, Standard and Basic service levels






BUSINESS TV



No extra equipment to purchase exclusives
Premier, Standard and Basic service levels








Better Functioning Through Bundling
View this infographic to learn all the benefits of bundling your Voice, Internet and TV plans.
View Infographic




Infographic





Better Functioning Through Bundling
View this infographic to learn all the benefits of bundling your Voice, Internet and TV plans.







Contact Us


QUICK LINKS

FAQ & Newsroom Links



• FAQ 




• Newsroom 








Resources



Learn More


Resources





















 

FOLLOW US:
 
  
  
  



 











        SERVICES

Bundles

Voice

Internet

TV






        INDUSTRIES

Healthcare

Insurance & Real Estate

Food & Beverage

Professional Services

Personal Services

Architecture & Construction

Other






        BUSINESS STAGE

Startup

Growth

Established






        RESOURCES

Guides

Info Sheets

Infographics






        SUPPORT

Support Topics

FAQ

Referral Program

App Center

Contact Us






        ABOUT US

About Us

Careers

Newsroom

Our Policies






        ENTERPRISE

Enterprise Solutions

Industries

Voice Solutions

Data Solutions

Cloud Solutions

Managed Services Solutions

Resources

About Us






©2017 Charter Communications. All Rights Reserved. Not all products, pricing, and services are available in all areas. Pricing and actual speeds may vary. *Promotional offers available for new customers only. Restrictions apply. Subject to change without notice. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Bright House Networks’ parent, Charter Communications Operating, LLC. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Site Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.





Your California Privacy Rights

//

Acceptable Use Policy

//

Terms and Conditions






















































Bright House Enterprise Solutions - 2015 Service Provider of the Year  | Spectrum













        Skip to main content
    




Residential

Business

Small Business
Medium Business
Enterprise
Hospitality


Media Strategies


Pay Bill
1-855-222-0102


































Loading...

change








Go


View The Areas We Serve 




Services not available in your zip code. Please enter the zip code or city where services will be needed. If this zip is correct, visit cablemover.com or call 1-866-270-9466 to find the provider serving your area.








 View Cart
            




 Restore?
            




Get the My BHN App to manage your account and pay your bill from your mobile device.





































Bright House Newsroom













Bright House Networks Enterprise Solutions Named InfiniSys Service Provider of the Year
Back





04/19/2016
Orlando, FL
Bright House Networks Enterprise Solutions announced today that it has been named the 2015 Service Provider of the Year by InfiniSys, the multifamily industry’s leader for independent, innovative technology expertise. Infinisys’ Service Provider of the Year award recognizes the top service provider in the nation who has gone above and beyond to meet customer expectations.
InfiniSys has designed SmartApartment® and NetworkedAparment® infrastructure for more than 400,000 units across the country. The company’s projects have been recognized among the best of the best, garnering four Consumer Electronic Association "Mark of Excellence" awards. Bright House Networks worked closely with InfiniSys to provide industry-leading Video, Managed Ethernet and Managed WiFi services to a number of student housing facilities represented by InfiniSys.
“It is a true honor to be named InfiniSys’ Service Provider of the Year,” said Craig Cowden, chief network officer and senior vice president of Enterprise Solutions, Bright House Networks. “Like InfiniSys, Bright House Networks is dedicated to providing the state-of-the-art products and services that the multifamily and hospitality industries need to meet today’s consumer expectations and demands.”
“Bright House Networks advanced communications solutions help us ensure we are delivering the best possible services to our multifamily clients, and sets them apart as a service provider,” said Richard Holtz, CEO, InfiniSys. “We are pleased to recognize them as our top Service Provider of the Year for 2015.”
Bright House Networks Enterprise Solutions offers a comprehensive portfolio of video, voice, data, cloud, and managed services that can be customized to meet the communications needs of any organization.  The company offers scalable solutions for clients to expand their level of service as needed, all delivered over its extensive and secure facilities-based IP core fiber network, which it owns and operates for best in class performance and reliability. The company also offers local 24x7x365 support, and dedicated local sales executives and solutions engineers.
For more information about all the products and services provided by Bright House Networks Enterprise Solutions, visit www.brighthouse.com/enterprise.

About Bright House NetworksBright House Networks is the sixth largest owner and operator of cable systems in the U.S. and the second largest in Florida, with technologically advanced systems located in five states including Florida, Alabama, Indiana, Michigan and California and two of the top 20 DMAs. Bright House Networks serves approximately 2.5 million customers who subscribe to one or more of its video, high-speed data, home security and automation and voice services. Bright House Networks Business Solutions offers a strong portfolio of video, voice, data, and cloud-based solutions to the small and medium business segments. In addition, Bright House Networks Enterprise Solutions provides advanced, fiber-based telecommunication services to key industry verticals in the mid-market and carrier segments, including cloud-based hosted voice, managed security, and cell backhaul to wireless carriers. The company was recently re-certified as a Cisco® Master Service Provider under the Cisco Cloud and Managed Service Program, and was the first cable operator in the United States to achieve this designation. Bright House Networks also owns and operates exclusive, award-winning, local news and sports channels in its Florida markets. 

Further Information


Lorelie Johnson
Lorelie.Johnson@mybrighthouse.com
407-210-3188







































Charter Spectrum® Official - Internet, Cable TV, and Phone Service
























































































            Search
        










Search
















            Contact Us
        










            My Account
        










            Support
        


















            ${/spectrumresidentialprofile/zipcode}
        













 
Your current location is ${/spectrumresidentialprofile/zipcode}. If this is incorrect, please update your ZIP Code.










GO















 
We were unable to detect your location. Please enter your ZIP Code.









GO















 
Your current location is ${/spectrumresidentialprofile/zipcode}. If this is incorrect, please update your ZIP Code.









GO















 
Your current location is ${/spectrumresidentialprofile/zipcode}. If this is incorrect, please update your ZIP Code.









GO















 
Your current location is ${/spectrumresidentialprofile/zipcode}. If this is incorrect, please update your ZIP Code.









GO













You do not have cookies enabled. In order for us to serve you better, please enable cookies.





You have entered a zip code of less than 5 digits. Please enter a 5 digit zip code.




























            ZIP Code
        













 
Your current location is ${/spectrumresidentialprofile/zipcode}. If this is incorrect, please update your ZIP Code.










GO















 
We were unable to detect your location. Please enter your ZIP Code.









GO















 
Your current location is ${/spectrumresidentialprofile/zipcode}. If this is incorrect, please update your ZIP Code.









GO















 
Your current location is ${/spectrumresidentialprofile/zipcode}. If this is incorrect, please update your ZIP Code.









GO















 
Your current location is ${/spectrumresidentialprofile/zipcode}. If this is incorrect, please update your ZIP Code.









GO













You do not have cookies enabled. In order for us to serve you better, please enable cookies.





You have entered a zip code of less than 5 digits. Please enter a 5 digit zip code.





































































































            Order
        










            Packages
        










            Cable TV
        










            Internet
        










            Phone
        










            Business
        



















If you're having difficulty reading this page, please visit www.charter.com/access to access our sites optimized for persons with hearing, speech and vision disabilities. Or you can call us at (844) 762-1301.

































































SHOP ONLINE NOW















TV + INTERNET + VOICE
From
$
29
99/mo
each for 12 mos
when bundled*




Stuck in a contract?
We'll buy it out up to $500◊






























test















Combine TV, Internet and Voice for the best deal













TRIPLE PLAY SELECT










            Learn More
        










            125+
        









Channels
 ESPN, Discovery, CNN, Lifetime, TLC, HGTV, and much more!

The Fastest Internet

Unlimited Nationwide Calling





From

$
29
99/mo
Each for 12 mos
when bundled*
















-MOST POPULAR-
 TRIPLE PLAY SILVER










            Learn More
        










            175+
        









Channels
All Select Channels
 PLUS HBO®, Showtime®, Cinemax® and NFL Network

The Fastest Internet

Unlimited Nationwide Calling





SELECT+

$
20
more
per mo
for 12 mos*
















TRIPLE PLAY GOLD










            Learn More
        










            200+
        









Channels
All Silver Channels
PLUS STARZ®, TMC®, STARZ ENCORE®, Epix® and NFL RedZone

The Fastest Internet

Unlimited Nationwide Calling





SILVER+

$
20
more
per mo
for 12 mos*
























































Complete offer, savings and restriction details:








1 Savings claim based on free DVR service on one box or discounted 2-4 boxes to $9.99 for year 1; standard rates apply after year 1; Triple Play required. TV: Equipment required and is extra; DVR receiver required for DVR service and is extra.









^ Limited time offer; subject to change; new customers only; Triple Play required. Bundle price for TV Select, Internet, and Voice is $89.97/mo. for year 1; standard rates apply after year 1. Free DVR service for 1 DVR is for year 1; standard rates apply after year 1. TV: Equipment required and is extra; channel and HD programming availability based on level of service. INTERNET: Available Internet speeds may vary by address; no additional charge for modem. VOICE: Taxes and fees included in price.  Other equipment, install, taxes, fees & surcharges may apply. Services not available in all areas. Restrictions apply. Enter your address to determine availability.






◊ To qualify for the contract buyout program, a customer must order and install a qualifying Triple Play or limited Double Play promotion; offers not available in all areas. Offer available to qualifying customers only who have no outstanding obligations to Charter. Check amount will be determined by the early termination fee on the final bill from the previous provider, not to exceed $500. For contract buyout qualifications, go to Spectrum.com/buyout.






* View all customer disclosures here.
















 








































Are you a senior citizen over 65 with Supplemental Security Income or is your family part of the National School Lunch Program?

You may qualify to save on your Internet with Spectrum Internet Assist. Learn More ›















×



Channel Lineup





















Enter your service address to view the most accurate channel lineup.
Enter your service address to view the most accurate channel lineup.






Check a different address































×



Get Online Only Deals











Enter your address to see which offers are available for your home































 
Oceanic Time Warner Cable
will soon be Spectrum

We’re happy to announce Oceanic Time Warner Cable has merged with Charter Communications to become part of America’s fastest growing TV, Internet and Voice provider.
We’re happy to announce Oceanic Time Warner Cable has merged with Charter Communications.

We’re working hard to complete the transition.

To shop available services in Hawaii, or for existing Oceanic customer support, please visit oceanic.com.








            VISIT OCEANIC.COM
        






 
Continue to spectrum.com
Please note: products and pricing on spectrum.com are not yet available in Hawaii






















Bright House Networks - Wikipedia





















 






Bright House Networks

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the UK retailer BrightHouse, see BrightHouse (retailer).

Bright House Networks LLC





Former type

Subsidiary


Industry
Telecommunication


Fate
Acquired by Charter Communications


Successor
Spectrum


Founded
2003; 14 years ago (2003)


Defunct
2016; 1 year ago (2016)


Headquarters
Syracuse, New York, United States



Key people

Steve Miron (CEO)[1]
Nomi Bergman (President)[1]
Bill Futera (EVP and CFO)


Products
Digital cable
Home phone service
Business phone service
High-speed Internet
Business data solutions
Home security and automation


Parent
Advance Publications
(2003–2016)
Charter Communications
(2016–present)


Website
www.spectrum.com


Bright House Networks LLC was an American telecom company. Prior to its purchase by Charter Communications, it was the tenth-largest multichannel video service provider and the 6th largest cable internet provider (based on coverage) in the United States.[2] The company served more than 2.2 million customers.[3]
Bright House Networks' primary service offerings included digital television, high-speed internet, home security and automation and voice services.[3]
Bright House Networks also owned and operated two 24-hour local news operations; Central Florida News 13 serving the Orlando area, and Bay News 9 serving the Tampa Bay area.[4]



Contents


1 History
2 Service area
3 Naming rights
4 Carriage disputes
5 See also
6 References
7 External links



History[edit]
Prior to 1994, some of the systems were fully owned by Advance/Newhouse under the names Vision Cable and Cable Vision (no relation to Cablevision in the New York City metro area), while in other areas, Bright House Networks is the successor to TelePrompTer Cable TV, Group W Cable, Strategic Cable, Paragon Cable, Shaw Communications and the Tampa Bay/Orlando Time Warner Communications (previously Time Inc.'s American Television & Communications before the Time Warner merger) systems in Florida.
All of the systems that eventually came to be owned by Bright House Networks were previously owned by the Time Warner Entertainment–Advance/Newhouse Partnership. Bright House Networks, LLC was formerly known as TWEAN Subsidiary, LLC and changed its name to Bright House Networks, LLC in April 2003.[5] Under a deal struck in 2003, Advance/Newhouse took direct management and operational responsibility for a portion of the partnership cable systems roughly equal to their equity. Bright House Networks offers video, high-speed data, home security and automation and voice services. In addition, Bright House Networks operated two regional local news channels – Bay News 9 in the Tampa Bay market, and News 13 in the Orlando market. Bright House Networks had an extensive fiber optic network in the Florida area and used it to provide commercial services including dedicated Internet access, VPN services, and private network transport as well as telecom facilities such as SIP trunking and PRI service.
On March 31, 2015, Charter Communications announced it would acquire Bright House in a $10.4 billion deal, contingent on Time Warner Cable waiving its right of first refusal to acquire the latter company, which was not expected to be exercised given the then-pending Comcast–Time Warner Cable merger.[6] On May 26, 2015, after Comcast had abandoned its plans to buy Time Warner Cable, Charter announced its own plans to merge with TWC, as well as a renegotiated arrangement for the purchase of Bright House. If both deals are completed, Advance/Newhouse will gain a stake of roughly 14 percent in the combined company.[7] On April 25, 2016 regulators approved both mergers. As a result of the deal, the Bright House and Time Warner Cable brands will be phased out and eliminated completely, with both services amalgamated under Charter's Spectrum brand over the coming months.[8]
Service area[edit]
The company provided service to areas including Indianapolis, Central Florida (Orlando / Daytona Beach areas), Tampa/Lakeland area, Birmingham–Hoover area, west suburban Detroit, and Bakersfield. Most of its former business was concentrated in Central Florida.
Naming rights[edit]
Bright House Networks owns the naming rights to UCF's Bright House Networks Stadium (now Spectrum Stadium) in Orlando, Florida; Bright House Field (now Spectrum Field) in Clearwater, Florida, the spring training home of the Phillies; and the Bright House Networks Amphitheatre in Bakersfield, California. They formerly served as title sponsor of the Futures Tour Bright House Networks Open golf tournament, held in Lakeland, Florida.
Carriage disputes[edit]
When Bright House Networks was separate from Time Warner Cable, most of its carriage deals were still negotiated on its behalf by Time Warner Cable.[9] Thus, Bright House customers were affected whenever there were carriage disputes between TWC and a content provider, which has happened several times.




Bright House Networks Spectrum



From its inception in 2003, Bright House's systems in central Florida, including Orlando, refused to carry Fox Sports Florida. This dated back to when the central Florida cable franchise was held by Cablevision, and then Time Warner Cable. As Bright House is by far the largest cable provider in central Florida, this left most of the Orlando area without most Orlando Magic games. The dispute ended in 2009, when Bright House added Fox Sports Florida to its lineup.
On September 15, 2008 Bright House temporarily dropped stations owned by the LIN TV Corporation on its Pensacola, DeFuniak Springs and Indiana systems. Affected stations were WALA-TV in Mobile, Alabama, WISH-TV/WNDY-TV/WIIH-CA in Indianapolis and WANE-TV in Fort Wayne, Indiana. Even though the controversy was focused on Time Warner Cable systems, Bright House was included in the dispute, in areas where they were formerly owned by Time Warner. With both companies factored in, a total of 15 markets were affected.[10]
On December 31, 2008, Time Warner Cable and Viacom's MTV Networks had not agreed to renew any Viacom channel beyond the end of year. Therefore, Time Warner and Bright House Networks would have lost all 19 Viacom channels (including Comedy Central and Nickelodeon) starting on January 1, 2009.[11][12] This blackout was narrowly avoided when a zero-hour deal was reached shortly after 12 Midnight ET on January 1, 2009.[13]
In December 2009, the Fox Broadcasting Company announced that a dispute with Time Warner Cable could lead to Fox's owned and operated affiliates to be pulled from Bright House systems in the Detroit, Tampa Bay, Orlando and Gainesville markets, along with Fox's cable and sports channels in all markets served by Bright House. The carriage protests were announced shortly before Fox was to carry the Bowl Championship Series, which included the Florida Gators in the Sugar Bowl. The dispute excluded Fox News Channel, Fox Business Network and some regional sports channels, which are on separate contracts.[14][15] Shortly before the 12 midnight ET deadline on December 31, 2009, Fox granted Time Warner Cable and Bright House a brief extension during New Year's Day as talks continued, so viewers would not miss the Sugar Bowl, though the other bowl games and the NFL lineup remained at risk.[16] A settlement between the two parties was reached the evening of January 1, 2010, though no terms were disclosed; during the discussions that day, none of Fox's channels or stations were blacked out.[17]
In July 2010, ABC's parent company, Disney, announced that Disney was involved in a carriage dispute with Time Warner Cable for the first time since 2000 (because Bright House Networks deals are negotiated by Time Warner Cable, Bright House customers were also affected). In Bright House-served areas, the dispute involved the Disney Channel, Disney XD, ABC Family, and all the networks of ESPN. Despite word of an early agreement on August 30, 2010,[18] it was not until the evening of the September 2 deadline that an agreement was reached between Disney and Time Warner Cable.[19][20][21]
On July 9, 2012, Hearst Television removed its stations from Time Warner Cable and Bright House Networks systems when the parties failed to reach a deal.[22] In the interim, WESH Orlando was replaced on Bright House systems in Central Florida with WBRE-TV Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, a station owned by the Nexstar Broadcasting Group,[23] while other Hearst stations on Bright House were replaced with other cable channels offered by Bright House. Nexstar complained that Bright House has used WBRE's signal outside their markets without permission, while Bright House argued it was within its rights to use that station's signal as a replacement until a deal with Hearst was reached.[24] According to Time Warner Cable, the dispute stemmed from Hearst's demand of a 300% increase in its retransmission fees.[22] The substitutions lasted until July 19, 2012, when the deal was reached between Hearst and Time Warner.[25]
On August 2, 2013 at 5 pm, the carriage deal between CBS and Time Warner Cable expired, with no renewal deal being reached until a month later. Time Warner had major markets affected by the blackout, while only a few Bright House markets lost access to CBS and CW stations owned by CBS Television Stations, as well as cable channels FLIX and The Smithsonian Channel; Bright House's territory includes CBSTS-owned broadcast stations Tampa CW station WTOG-TV and Detroit's WKBD-TV and WWJ-TV on their Livonia, Michigan system, which were blacked out.[26]) Premium channels Showtime and The Movie Channel, which are also owned by CBS, were similarly pulled from the cable lineup, including the corresponding Video On Demand services. Bright House said that CBS withdrew permission to air Showtime, while CBS denied that and called the blackout a "punitive" measure by TWC.[27]

See also[edit]

List of United States telephone companies
Pivot Wireless

References[edit]



^ a b CableFAX: 31. Family Affair: Bob Miron, Steve Miron, Nomi Bergman
^ NCTA Top 25 MSO's
^ a b "About Bright House Networks". Bright House Networks. Retrieved 2014-04-28. 
^ "About Bright House Networks". Bay News 9. Retrieved 2014-04-28. 
^ https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=9316967
^ "Charter to buy Bright House cable". Orlando Sentinel. March 30, 2015. Retrieved April 1, 2015. 
^ "Charter Communications Agrees to Acquire Time Warner Cable". The New York Times. Retrieved 26 May 2015. 
^ "Charter completes purchase of Time Warner Cable, Bright House". Los Angeles Times. May 18, 2016. Retrieved June 25, 2016. 
^ "Bright House viewers lose WTOG, Showtime". TampaBay.com. 
^ LIN TV Corp.: Time Warner Contract Expires October 2 Archived October 3, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Viacom May Pull Channels Off Time Warner Cable in Contract Spat
^ "Time Warner may cut ‘Colbert,’ ‘Spongebob’". msnbc.com. 
^ Los Angeles Times: "Viacom, Time Warner Cable settle contract dispute", 1/1/2009.
^ keepfoxon.com, Fox's official carriage protest site Archived January 25, 2012, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Reuters: "Fox says Time Warner Cable may drop Fox TV shows", December 18, 2009.
^ AP (via Chicago Tribune): "Fox grants 'brief extension', keeps signal going as dispute with Time Warner Cable continues", January 1, 2010.
^ ABC News: "NFL, 'Idol' After All: Time Warner Cable, Fox Announce Deal on Broadcasts; Football Fans Breathe Easier as Cable Giants Reach an Unspecified Agreement", January 1, 2010.
^ New York Post: "Time Warner Cable, Disney set TV deal", August 30, 2010. Archived October 20, 2012, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "ABC, ESPN stay on air as Disney-Time Warner talks continue". September 2, 2010. 
^ Riddell, Kelly (September 2, 2010). "Disney Keeps Channels on Time Warner Cable as Talks Extend Past Deadline". Bloomberg. 
^ "Business News, Personal Finance and Money News". ABC News. Retrieved 2012-07-25. 
^ a b Adweek: "Hearst and Time Warner Cable Part Ways Over Retrans", July 10, 2012.
^ Adweek: "Imported Signals in Retrans Fight Raise Regulatory Questions", July 10, 2012.
^ Tampa Bay Times: "Hearst dispute with Bright House pulls WMOR-Ch. 32 and digital THIS TV off Tampa Bay cable system", July 10, 2012.
^ Broadcasting & Cable: "Hearst TV, Time Warner Cable End Viewer Blackout", July 19, 2012.
^ "Local 6 issues programming alert". ClickOrlando.com. 
^ "Showtime off Bright House in fee dispute". The Orlando Sentinel. 



External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


Cable, satellite, and other specialty television providers in the United States



Cable MVPD



Adams Cable
Allegiance Communications
Altice USA

Optimum
Suddenlink Communications


Armstrong
Atlantic Broadband
Blue Ridge Communications
Blue Stream
Broadstripe
Buckeye Broadband
Cable One
Charter Spectrum
Comcast Xfinity
Consolidated Communications

FairPoint Communications


Cox Communications
Docomo Pacific
Emery Telcom
Full Channel
GCI
Hargray
Layer3 TV
Mediacom
Midco
Northland Communications
OneLink Communications
Satview Broadband
Service Electric
SRT Communications
TDS Telecom
TPG

Grande Communications
RCN Corporation
Wave Broadband


TruVista Communications
WOW!





Satellite MVPD



Claro
Dish Network
DirecTV
Glorystar
Headend in the Sky
Home2US





Fiber MVPD / IPTV



AT&T U-verse
CenturyLink Prism TV
Cincinnati Bell FiOptics
Claro
Consolidated Communications

FairPoint Communications


EPB
Frontier FiOS
Google Fiber
GTA Teleguam
Hawaiian Telcom
Layer3 TV
Midco
NEP Datastream TV
TDS Telecom
Verizon FiOS
Windstream Kinetic





Virtual MVPD



DirecTV Now
FuboTV
Hulu with Live TV
PlayStation Vue
Skitter TV
Sling TV
YouTube TV





Over-the-top



Amazon Video
Anime Network
Apple TV (iTunes Store)
CBS All Access
Crackle
Crunchyroll
CW Seed
CuriosityStream
DramaFever
Fandor
Feeln
FunimationNow
go90
HBO Now
History Vault
Hulu
iON (IPTV)
Lifetime Movie Club
Netflix
Noggin
Pluto TV
Roku
Seeso
Showtime
StarzPlay
Tribeca Shortlist
Tubi TV
Univision NOW
Yupptv





Defunct cable



Adelphia Communications Corporation
Alameda Power and Telecom1
Astound Broadband
AT&T Broadband

MediaOne / Continental Cablevision
Tele-Communications Inc.


Baja Broadband

US Cable


Bresnan Communications
Bright House Networks
Cablevision
Champion Broadband
Cobridge Communications
Community Home Entertainment
Graceba Total Communications
Insight Communications
Jones Intercable
King Videocable
Knology
Marcus Cable
NPG Cable
Paragon Cable
Rapid Communications
TelePrompTer / Group W Cable
Time Warner Cable
UA-Columbia Cablevision
Windjammer Communications

1 – Still in operation, but no longer offers cable or Internet as part of its services




Defunct satellite



AlphaStar
GlobeCast World TV
PrimeStar
United States Satellite Broadcasting
Voom HD Networks





Defunct IPTV



Sky Angel
Virtual Digital Cable





Defunct terrestrial



Aereo
USDTV
MovieBeam





See also



Radio spectrum pollution












v
t
e


Additional resources on North American television



North America



List of local television stations in North America
DTV transition
North American TV mini-template





Canada



Canadian networks
List of Canadian television networks
List of Canadian television channels
List of Canadian specialty channels
Local Canadian TV stations
List of United States stations available in Canada
2001 Vancouver TV realignment
2007 Canada broadcast TV realignment





Mexico



Mexican networks
Local Mexican TV stations





United States



American networks
List of American cable and satellite networks
List of American over-the-air networks
Local American TV stations (W)
Local American TV stations (K)
Spanish-language TV networks
1994 United States broadcast TV realignment
2006 United States broadcast TV realignment
List of Canadian television stations available in the United States
Insular Areas TV











Africa, Asia, and Oceania
Americas
Europe










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Bright_House_Networks&oldid=792313017"					
Categories: Defunct telecommunications companies of the United StatesCable television companies of the United StatesDefunct media companies of the United StatesDefunct companies based in Syracuse, New YorkDirect broadcast satellite servicesPrivately held companies based in New YorkCharter CommunicationsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksOfficial website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 25 July 2017, at 20:22.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.
























Charter Spectrum® Official - Internet, Cable TV, and Phone Service
























































































            Search
        










Search
















            Contact Us
        










            My Account
        










            Support
        


















            ${/spectrumresidentialprofile/zipcode}
        













 
Your current location is ${/spectrumresidentialprofile/zipcode}. If this is incorrect, please update your ZIP Code.










GO















 
We were unable to detect your location. Please enter your ZIP Code.









GO















 
Your current location is ${/spectrumresidentialprofile/zipcode}. If this is incorrect, please update your ZIP Code.









GO















 
Your current location is ${/spectrumresidentialprofile/zipcode}. If this is incorrect, please update your ZIP Code.









GO















 
Your current location is ${/spectrumresidentialprofile/zipcode}. If this is incorrect, please update your ZIP Code.









GO













You do not have cookies enabled. In order for us to serve you better, please enable cookies.





You have entered a zip code of less than 5 digits. Please enter a 5 digit zip code.




























            ZIP Code
        













 
Your current location is ${/spectrumresidentialprofile/zipcode}. If this is incorrect, please update your ZIP Code.










GO















 
We were unable to detect your location. Please enter your ZIP Code.









GO















 
Your current location is ${/spectrumresidentialprofile/zipcode}. If this is incorrect, please update your ZIP Code.









GO















 
Your current location is ${/spectrumresidentialprofile/zipcode}. If this is incorrect, please update your ZIP Code.









GO















 
Your current location is ${/spectrumresidentialprofile/zipcode}. If this is incorrect, please update your ZIP Code.









GO













You do not have cookies enabled. In order for us to serve you better, please enable cookies.





You have entered a zip code of less than 5 digits. Please enter a 5 digit zip code.





































































































            Order
        










            Packages
        










            Cable TV
        










            Internet
        










            Phone
        










            Business
        



















If you're having difficulty reading this page, please visit www.charter.com/access to access our sites optimized for persons with hearing, speech and vision disabilities. Or you can call us at (844) 762-1301.

































































SHOP ONLINE NOW















TV + INTERNET + VOICE
From
$
29
99/mo
each for 12 mos
when bundled*




Stuck in a contract?
We'll buy it out up to $500◊






























test















Combine TV, Internet and Voice for the best deal













TRIPLE PLAY SELECT










            Learn More
        










            125+
        









Channels
 ESPN, Discovery, CNN, Lifetime, TLC, HGTV, and much more!

The Fastest Internet

Unlimited Nationwide Calling





From

$
29
99/mo
Each for 12 mos
when bundled*
















-MOST POPULAR-
 TRIPLE PLAY SILVER










            Learn More
        










            175+
        









Channels
All Select Channels
 PLUS HBO®, Showtime®, Cinemax® and NFL Network

The Fastest Internet

Unlimited Nationwide Calling





SELECT+

$
20
more
per mo
for 12 mos*
















TRIPLE PLAY GOLD










            Learn More
        










            200+
        









Channels
All Silver Channels
PLUS STARZ®, TMC®, STARZ ENCORE®, Epix® and NFL RedZone

The Fastest Internet

Unlimited Nationwide Calling





SILVER+

$
20
more
per mo
for 12 mos*
























































Complete offer, savings and restriction details:








1 Savings claim based on free DVR service on one box or discounted 2-4 boxes to $9.99 for year 1; standard rates apply after year 1; Triple Play required. TV: Equipment required and is extra; DVR receiver required for DVR service and is extra.









^ Limited time offer; subject to change; new customers only; Triple Play required. Bundle price for TV Select, Internet, and Voice is $89.97/mo. for year 1; standard rates apply after year 1. Free DVR service for 1 DVR is for year 1; standard rates apply after year 1. TV: Equipment required and is extra; channel and HD programming availability based on level of service. INTERNET: Available Internet speeds may vary by address; no additional charge for modem. VOICE: Taxes and fees included in price.  Other equipment, install, taxes, fees & surcharges may apply. Services not available in all areas. Restrictions apply. Enter your address to determine availability.






◊ To qualify for the contract buyout program, a customer must order and install a qualifying Triple Play or limited Double Play promotion; offers not available in all areas. Offer available to qualifying customers only who have no outstanding obligations to Charter. Check amount will be determined by the early termination fee on the final bill from the previous provider, not to exceed $500. For contract buyout qualifications, go to Spectrum.com/buyout.






* View all customer disclosures here.
















 








































Are you a senior citizen over 65 with Supplemental Security Income or is your family part of the National School Lunch Program?

You may qualify to save on your Internet with Spectrum Internet Assist. Learn More ›















×



Channel Lineup





















Enter your service address to view the most accurate channel lineup.
Enter your service address to view the most accurate channel lineup.






Check a different address































×



Get Online Only Deals











Enter your address to see which offers are available for your home































 
Oceanic Time Warner Cable
will soon be Spectrum

We’re happy to announce Oceanic Time Warner Cable has merged with Charter Communications to become part of America’s fastest growing TV, Internet and Voice provider.
We’re happy to announce Oceanic Time Warner Cable has merged with Charter Communications.

We’re working hard to complete the transition.

To shop available services in Hawaii, or for existing Oceanic customer support, please visit oceanic.com.








            VISIT OCEANIC.COM
        






 
Continue to spectrum.com
Please note: products and pricing on spectrum.com are not yet available in Hawaii






















Bright House Networks - Wikipedia





















 






Bright House Networks

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the UK retailer BrightHouse, see BrightHouse (retailer).

Bright House Networks LLC





Former type

Subsidiary


Industry
Telecommunication


Fate
Acquired by Charter Communications


Successor
Spectrum


Founded
2003; 14 years ago (2003)


Defunct
2016; 1 year ago (2016)


Headquarters
Syracuse, New York, United States



Key people

Steve Miron (CEO)[1]
Nomi Bergman (President)[1]
Bill Futera (EVP and CFO)


Products
Digital cable
Home phone service
Business phone service
High-speed Internet
Business data solutions
Home security and automation


Parent
Advance Publications
(2003–2016)
Charter Communications
(2016–present)


Website
www.spectrum.com


Bright House Networks LLC was an American telecom company. Prior to its purchase by Charter Communications, it was the tenth-largest multichannel video service provider and the 6th largest cable internet provider (based on coverage) in the United States.[2] The company served more than 2.2 million customers.[3]
Bright House Networks' primary service offerings included digital television, high-speed internet, home security and automation and voice services.[3]
Bright House Networks also owned and operated two 24-hour local news operations; Central Florida News 13 serving the Orlando area, and Bay News 9 serving the Tampa Bay area.[4]



Contents


1 History
2 Service area
3 Naming rights
4 Carriage disputes
5 See also
6 References
7 External links



History[edit]
Prior to 1994, some of the systems were fully owned by Advance/Newhouse under the names Vision Cable and Cable Vision (no relation to Cablevision in the New York City metro area), while in other areas, Bright House Networks is the successor to TelePrompTer Cable TV, Group W Cable, Strategic Cable, Paragon Cable, Shaw Communications and the Tampa Bay/Orlando Time Warner Communications (previously Time Inc.'s American Television & Communications before the Time Warner merger) systems in Florida.
All of the systems that eventually came to be owned by Bright House Networks were previously owned by the Time Warner Entertainment–Advance/Newhouse Partnership. Bright House Networks, LLC was formerly known as TWEAN Subsidiary, LLC and changed its name to Bright House Networks, LLC in April 2003.[5] Under a deal struck in 2003, Advance/Newhouse took direct management and operational responsibility for a portion of the partnership cable systems roughly equal to their equity. Bright House Networks offers video, high-speed data, home security and automation and voice services. In addition, Bright House Networks operated two regional local news channels – Bay News 9 in the Tampa Bay market, and News 13 in the Orlando market. Bright House Networks had an extensive fiber optic network in the Florida area and used it to provide commercial services including dedicated Internet access, VPN services, and private network transport as well as telecom facilities such as SIP trunking and PRI service.
On March 31, 2015, Charter Communications announced it would acquire Bright House in a $10.4 billion deal, contingent on Time Warner Cable waiving its right of first refusal to acquire the latter company, which was not expected to be exercised given the then-pending Comcast–Time Warner Cable merger.[6] On May 26, 2015, after Comcast had abandoned its plans to buy Time Warner Cable, Charter announced its own plans to merge with TWC, as well as a renegotiated arrangement for the purchase of Bright House. If both deals are completed, Advance/Newhouse will gain a stake of roughly 14 percent in the combined company.[7] On April 25, 2016 regulators approved both mergers. As a result of the deal, the Bright House and Time Warner Cable brands will be phased out and eliminated completely, with both services amalgamated under Charter's Spectrum brand over the coming months.[8]
Service area[edit]
The company provided service to areas including Indianapolis, Central Florida (Orlando / Daytona Beach areas), Tampa/Lakeland area, Birmingham–Hoover area, west suburban Detroit, and Bakersfield. Most of its former business was concentrated in Central Florida.
Naming rights[edit]
Bright House Networks owns the naming rights to UCF's Bright House Networks Stadium (now Spectrum Stadium) in Orlando, Florida; Bright House Field (now Spectrum Field) in Clearwater, Florida, the spring training home of the Phillies; and the Bright House Networks Amphitheatre in Bakersfield, California. They formerly served as title sponsor of the Futures Tour Bright House Networks Open golf tournament, held in Lakeland, Florida.
Carriage disputes[edit]
When Bright House Networks was separate from Time Warner Cable, most of its carriage deals were still negotiated on its behalf by Time Warner Cable.[9] Thus, Bright House customers were affected whenever there were carriage disputes between TWC and a content provider, which has happened several times.




Bright House Networks Spectrum



From its inception in 2003, Bright House's systems in central Florida, including Orlando, refused to carry Fox Sports Florida. This dated back to when the central Florida cable franchise was held by Cablevision, and then Time Warner Cable. As Bright House is by far the largest cable provider in central Florida, this left most of the Orlando area without most Orlando Magic games. The dispute ended in 2009, when Bright House added Fox Sports Florida to its lineup.
On September 15, 2008 Bright House temporarily dropped stations owned by the LIN TV Corporation on its Pensacola, DeFuniak Springs and Indiana systems. Affected stations were WALA-TV in Mobile, Alabama, WISH-TV/WNDY-TV/WIIH-CA in Indianapolis and WANE-TV in Fort Wayne, Indiana. Even though the controversy was focused on Time Warner Cable systems, Bright House was included in the dispute, in areas where they were formerly owned by Time Warner. With both companies factored in, a total of 15 markets were affected.[10]
On December 31, 2008, Time Warner Cable and Viacom's MTV Networks had not agreed to renew any Viacom channel beyond the end of year. Therefore, Time Warner and Bright House Networks would have lost all 19 Viacom channels (including Comedy Central and Nickelodeon) starting on January 1, 2009.[11][12] This blackout was narrowly avoided when a zero-hour deal was reached shortly after 12 Midnight ET on January 1, 2009.[13]
In December 2009, the Fox Broadcasting Company announced that a dispute with Time Warner Cable could lead to Fox's owned and operated affiliates to be pulled from Bright House systems in the Detroit, Tampa Bay, Orlando and Gainesville markets, along with Fox's cable and sports channels in all markets served by Bright House. The carriage protests were announced shortly before Fox was to carry the Bowl Championship Series, which included the Florida Gators in the Sugar Bowl. The dispute excluded Fox News Channel, Fox Business Network and some regional sports channels, which are on separate contracts.[14][15] Shortly before the 12 midnight ET deadline on December 31, 2009, Fox granted Time Warner Cable and Bright House a brief extension during New Year's Day as talks continued, so viewers would not miss the Sugar Bowl, though the other bowl games and the NFL lineup remained at risk.[16] A settlement between the two parties was reached the evening of January 1, 2010, though no terms were disclosed; during the discussions that day, none of Fox's channels or stations were blacked out.[17]
In July 2010, ABC's parent company, Disney, announced that Disney was involved in a carriage dispute with Time Warner Cable for the first time since 2000 (because Bright House Networks deals are negotiated by Time Warner Cable, Bright House customers were also affected). In Bright House-served areas, the dispute involved the Disney Channel, Disney XD, ABC Family, and all the networks of ESPN. Despite word of an early agreement on August 30, 2010,[18] it was not until the evening of the September 2 deadline that an agreement was reached between Disney and Time Warner Cable.[19][20][21]
On July 9, 2012, Hearst Television removed its stations from Time Warner Cable and Bright House Networks systems when the parties failed to reach a deal.[22] In the interim, WESH Orlando was replaced on Bright House systems in Central Florida with WBRE-TV Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, a station owned by the Nexstar Broadcasting Group,[23] while other Hearst stations on Bright House were replaced with other cable channels offered by Bright House. Nexstar complained that Bright House has used WBRE's signal outside their markets without permission, while Bright House argued it was within its rights to use that station's signal as a replacement until a deal with Hearst was reached.[24] According to Time Warner Cable, the dispute stemmed from Hearst's demand of a 300% increase in its retransmission fees.[22] The substitutions lasted until July 19, 2012, when the deal was reached between Hearst and Time Warner.[25]
On August 2, 2013 at 5 pm, the carriage deal between CBS and Time Warner Cable expired, with no renewal deal being reached until a month later. Time Warner had major markets affected by the blackout, while only a few Bright House markets lost access to CBS and CW stations owned by CBS Television Stations, as well as cable channels FLIX and The Smithsonian Channel; Bright House's territory includes CBSTS-owned broadcast stations Tampa CW station WTOG-TV and Detroit's WKBD-TV and WWJ-TV on their Livonia, Michigan system, which were blacked out.[26]) Premium channels Showtime and The Movie Channel, which are also owned by CBS, were similarly pulled from the cable lineup, including the corresponding Video On Demand services. Bright House said that CBS withdrew permission to air Showtime, while CBS denied that and called the blackout a "punitive" measure by TWC.[27]

See also[edit]

List of United States telephone companies
Pivot Wireless

References[edit]



^ a b CableFAX: 31. Family Affair: Bob Miron, Steve Miron, Nomi Bergman
^ NCTA Top 25 MSO's
^ a b "About Bright House Networks". Bright House Networks. Retrieved 2014-04-28. 
^ "About Bright House Networks". Bay News 9. Retrieved 2014-04-28. 
^ https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=9316967
^ "Charter to buy Bright House cable". Orlando Sentinel. March 30, 2015. Retrieved April 1, 2015. 
^ "Charter Communications Agrees to Acquire Time Warner Cable". The New York Times. Retrieved 26 May 2015. 
^ "Charter completes purchase of Time Warner Cable, Bright House". Los Angeles Times. May 18, 2016. Retrieved June 25, 2016. 
^ "Bright House viewers lose WTOG, Showtime". TampaBay.com. 
^ LIN TV Corp.: Time Warner Contract Expires October 2 Archived October 3, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Viacom May Pull Channels Off Time Warner Cable in Contract Spat
^ "Time Warner may cut ‘Colbert,’ ‘Spongebob’". msnbc.com. 
^ Los Angeles Times: "Viacom, Time Warner Cable settle contract dispute", 1/1/2009.
^ keepfoxon.com, Fox's official carriage protest site Archived January 25, 2012, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Reuters: "Fox says Time Warner Cable may drop Fox TV shows", December 18, 2009.
^ AP (via Chicago Tribune): "Fox grants 'brief extension', keeps signal going as dispute with Time Warner Cable continues", January 1, 2010.
^ ABC News: "NFL, 'Idol' After All: Time Warner Cable, Fox Announce Deal on Broadcasts; Football Fans Breathe Easier as Cable Giants Reach an Unspecified Agreement", January 1, 2010.
^ New York Post: "Time Warner Cable, Disney set TV deal", August 30, 2010. Archived October 20, 2012, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "ABC, ESPN stay on air as Disney-Time Warner talks continue". September 2, 2010. 
^ Riddell, Kelly (September 2, 2010). "Disney Keeps Channels on Time Warner Cable as Talks Extend Past Deadline". Bloomberg. 
^ "Business News, Personal Finance and Money News". ABC News. Retrieved 2012-07-25. 
^ a b Adweek: "Hearst and Time Warner Cable Part Ways Over Retrans", July 10, 2012.
^ Adweek: "Imported Signals in Retrans Fight Raise Regulatory Questions", July 10, 2012.
^ Tampa Bay Times: "Hearst dispute with Bright House pulls WMOR-Ch. 32 and digital THIS TV off Tampa Bay cable system", July 10, 2012.
^ Broadcasting & Cable: "Hearst TV, Time Warner Cable End Viewer Blackout", July 19, 2012.
^ "Local 6 issues programming alert". ClickOrlando.com. 
^ "Showtime off Bright House in fee dispute". The Orlando Sentinel. 



External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


Cable, satellite, and other specialty television providers in the United States



Cable MVPD



Adams Cable
Allegiance Communications
Altice USA

Optimum
Suddenlink Communications


Armstrong
Atlantic Broadband
Blue Ridge Communications
Blue Stream
Broadstripe
Buckeye Broadband
Cable One
Charter Spectrum
Comcast Xfinity
Consolidated Communications

FairPoint Communications


Cox Communications
Docomo Pacific
Emery Telcom
Full Channel
GCI
Hargray
Layer3 TV
Mediacom
Midco
Northland Communications
OneLink Communications
Satview Broadband
Service Electric
SRT Communications
TDS Telecom
TPG

Grande Communications
RCN Corporation
Wave Broadband


TruVista Communications
WOW!





Satellite MVPD



Claro
Dish Network
DirecTV
Glorystar
Headend in the Sky
Home2US





Fiber MVPD / IPTV



AT&T U-verse
CenturyLink Prism TV
Cincinnati Bell FiOptics
Claro
Consolidated Communications

FairPoint Communications


EPB
Frontier FiOS
Google Fiber
GTA Teleguam
Hawaiian Telcom
Layer3 TV
Midco
NEP Datastream TV
TDS Telecom
Verizon FiOS
Windstream Kinetic





Virtual MVPD



DirecTV Now
FuboTV
Hulu with Live TV
PlayStation Vue
Skitter TV
Sling TV
YouTube TV





Over-the-top



Amazon Video
Anime Network
Apple TV (iTunes Store)
CBS All Access
Crackle
Crunchyroll
CW Seed
CuriosityStream
DramaFever
Fandor
Feeln
FunimationNow
go90
HBO Now
History Vault
Hulu
iON (IPTV)
Lifetime Movie Club
Netflix
Noggin
Pluto TV
Roku
Seeso
Showtime
StarzPlay
Tribeca Shortlist
Tubi TV
Univision NOW
Yupptv





Defunct cable



Adelphia Communications Corporation
Alameda Power and Telecom1
Astound Broadband
AT&T Broadband

MediaOne / Continental Cablevision
Tele-Communications Inc.


Baja Broadband

US Cable


Bresnan Communications
Bright House Networks
Cablevision
Champion Broadband
Cobridge Communications
Community Home Entertainment
Graceba Total Communications
Insight Communications
Jones Intercable
King Videocable
Knology
Marcus Cable
NPG Cable
Paragon Cable
Rapid Communications
TelePrompTer / Group W Cable
Time Warner Cable
UA-Columbia Cablevision
Windjammer Communications

1 – Still in operation, but no longer offers cable or Internet as part of its services




Defunct satellite



AlphaStar
GlobeCast World TV
PrimeStar
United States Satellite Broadcasting
Voom HD Networks





Defunct IPTV



Sky Angel
Virtual Digital Cable





Defunct terrestrial



Aereo
USDTV
MovieBeam





See also



Radio spectrum pollution












v
t
e


Additional resources on North American television



North America



List of local television stations in North America
DTV transition
North American TV mini-template





Canada



Canadian networks
List of Canadian television networks
List of Canadian television channels
List of Canadian specialty channels
Local Canadian TV stations
List of United States stations available in Canada
2001 Vancouver TV realignment
2007 Canada broadcast TV realignment





Mexico



Mexican networks
Local Mexican TV stations





United States



American networks
List of American cable and satellite networks
List of American over-the-air networks
Local American TV stations (W)
Local American TV stations (K)
Spanish-language TV networks
1994 United States broadcast TV realignment
2006 United States broadcast TV realignment
List of Canadian television stations available in the United States
Insular Areas TV











Africa, Asia, and Oceania
Americas
Europe










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Bright_House_Networks&oldid=792313017"					
Categories: Defunct telecommunications companies of the United StatesCable television companies of the United StatesDefunct media companies of the United StatesDefunct companies based in Syracuse, New YorkDirect broadcast satellite servicesPrivately held companies based in New YorkCharter CommunicationsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksOfficial website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 25 July 2017, at 20:22.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 












Twitter / ?















Home →








Sorry, that page doesn’t exist!
You can search Twitter using the search box below or return to the homepage.






العربية
Български език
বাংলা
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Ελληνικά
English
English UK
Español
فارسی
Suomi
Filipino
Français
ગુજરાતી
עִבְרִית
हिन्दी
Hrvatski
Magyar
Bahasa Indonesia
Italiano
日本語
ಕನ್ನಡ
한국어
मराठी
Bahasa Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Русский
Slovenčina
Српски
Svenska
தமிழ்
ภาษาไทย
Türkçe
Українська мова
Tiếng Việt
简体中文
繁體中文


© Twitter 
About
Help Center
Status








需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017








































Contact | Spectrum














        Skip to main content
    




Residential

Business

Small Business
Medium Business
Enterprise
Hospitality


Media Strategies


Pay Bill
1-855-222-0102


































Loading...

change








Go


View The Areas We Serve 




Services not available in your zip code. Please enter the zip code or city where services will be needed. If this zip is correct, visit cablemover.com or call 1-866-270-9466 to find the provider serving your area.








 View Cart
            




 Restore?
            




Get the My BHN App to manage your account and pay your bill from your mobile device.
































 


Contact Us
 
 
 





 







How to Reach a Representative
At Spectrum, we pride ourselves on being there for our customers 24/7. If you want to speak with us, there are many ways to do it.




Call


Call us. We're available anytime.
1-855-222-0102
Looking for services for your business?
  Call 1-877-824-6249

Email

Send us an Email
Chat

Click to Chat
  Chat online with an eCare Specialist.





 












































Bright House Networks - Wikipedia





















 






Bright House Networks

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the UK retailer BrightHouse, see BrightHouse (retailer).

Bright House Networks LLC





Former type

Subsidiary


Industry
Telecommunication


Fate
Acquired by Charter Communications


Successor
Spectrum


Founded
2003; 14 years ago (2003)


Defunct
2016; 1 year ago (2016)


Headquarters
Syracuse, New York, United States



Key people

Steve Miron (CEO)[1]
Nomi Bergman (President)[1]
Bill Futera (EVP and CFO)


Products
Digital cable
Home phone service
Business phone service
High-speed Internet
Business data solutions
Home security and automation


Parent
Advance Publications
(2003–2016)
Charter Communications
(2016–present)


Website
www.spectrum.com


Bright House Networks LLC was an American telecom company. Prior to its purchase by Charter Communications, it was the tenth-largest multichannel video service provider and the 6th largest cable internet provider (based on coverage) in the United States.[2] The company served more than 2.2 million customers.[3]
Bright House Networks' primary service offerings included digital television, high-speed internet, home security and automation and voice services.[3]
Bright House Networks also owned and operated two 24-hour local news operations; Central Florida News 13 serving the Orlando area, and Bay News 9 serving the Tampa Bay area.[4]



Contents


1 History
2 Service area
3 Naming rights
4 Carriage disputes
5 See also
6 References
7 External links



History[edit]
Prior to 1994, some of the systems were fully owned by Advance/Newhouse under the names Vision Cable and Cable Vision (no relation to Cablevision in the New York City metro area), while in other areas, Bright House Networks is the successor to TelePrompTer Cable TV, Group W Cable, Strategic Cable, Paragon Cable, Shaw Communications and the Tampa Bay/Orlando Time Warner Communications (previously Time Inc.'s American Television & Communications before the Time Warner merger) systems in Florida.
All of the systems that eventually came to be owned by Bright House Networks were previously owned by the Time Warner Entertainment–Advance/Newhouse Partnership. Bright House Networks, LLC was formerly known as TWEAN Subsidiary, LLC and changed its name to Bright House Networks, LLC in April 2003.[5] Under a deal struck in 2003, Advance/Newhouse took direct management and operational responsibility for a portion of the partnership cable systems roughly equal to their equity. Bright House Networks offers video, high-speed data, home security and automation and voice services. In addition, Bright House Networks operated two regional local news channels – Bay News 9 in the Tampa Bay market, and News 13 in the Orlando market. Bright House Networks had an extensive fiber optic network in the Florida area and used it to provide commercial services including dedicated Internet access, VPN services, and private network transport as well as telecom facilities such as SIP trunking and PRI service.
On March 31, 2015, Charter Communications announced it would acquire Bright House in a $10.4 billion deal, contingent on Time Warner Cable waiving its right of first refusal to acquire the latter company, which was not expected to be exercised given the then-pending Comcast–Time Warner Cable merger.[6] On May 26, 2015, after Comcast had abandoned its plans to buy Time Warner Cable, Charter announced its own plans to merge with TWC, as well as a renegotiated arrangement for the purchase of Bright House. If both deals are completed, Advance/Newhouse will gain a stake of roughly 14 percent in the combined company.[7] On April 25, 2016 regulators approved both mergers. As a result of the deal, the Bright House and Time Warner Cable brands will be phased out and eliminated completely, with both services amalgamated under Charter's Spectrum brand over the coming months.[8]
Service area[edit]
The company provided service to areas including Indianapolis, Central Florida (Orlando / Daytona Beach areas), Tampa/Lakeland area, Birmingham–Hoover area, west suburban Detroit, and Bakersfield. Most of its former business was concentrated in Central Florida.
Naming rights[edit]
Bright House Networks owns the naming rights to UCF's Bright House Networks Stadium (now Spectrum Stadium) in Orlando, Florida; Bright House Field (now Spectrum Field) in Clearwater, Florida, the spring training home of the Phillies; and the Bright House Networks Amphitheatre in Bakersfield, California. They formerly served as title sponsor of the Futures Tour Bright House Networks Open golf tournament, held in Lakeland, Florida.
Carriage disputes[edit]
When Bright House Networks was separate from Time Warner Cable, most of its carriage deals were still negotiated on its behalf by Time Warner Cable.[9] Thus, Bright House customers were affected whenever there were carriage disputes between TWC and a content provider, which has happened several times.




Bright House Networks Spectrum



From its inception in 2003, Bright House's systems in central Florida, including Orlando, refused to carry Fox Sports Florida. This dated back to when the central Florida cable franchise was held by Cablevision, and then Time Warner Cable. As Bright House is by far the largest cable provider in central Florida, this left most of the Orlando area without most Orlando Magic games. The dispute ended in 2009, when Bright House added Fox Sports Florida to its lineup.
On September 15, 2008 Bright House temporarily dropped stations owned by the LIN TV Corporation on its Pensacola, DeFuniak Springs and Indiana systems. Affected stations were WALA-TV in Mobile, Alabama, WISH-TV/WNDY-TV/WIIH-CA in Indianapolis and WANE-TV in Fort Wayne, Indiana. Even though the controversy was focused on Time Warner Cable systems, Bright House was included in the dispute, in areas where they were formerly owned by Time Warner. With both companies factored in, a total of 15 markets were affected.[10]
On December 31, 2008, Time Warner Cable and Viacom's MTV Networks had not agreed to renew any Viacom channel beyond the end of year. Therefore, Time Warner and Bright House Networks would have lost all 19 Viacom channels (including Comedy Central and Nickelodeon) starting on January 1, 2009.[11][12] This blackout was narrowly avoided when a zero-hour deal was reached shortly after 12 Midnight ET on January 1, 2009.[13]
In December 2009, the Fox Broadcasting Company announced that a dispute with Time Warner Cable could lead to Fox's owned and operated affiliates to be pulled from Bright House systems in the Detroit, Tampa Bay, Orlando and Gainesville markets, along with Fox's cable and sports channels in all markets served by Bright House. The carriage protests were announced shortly before Fox was to carry the Bowl Championship Series, which included the Florida Gators in the Sugar Bowl. The dispute excluded Fox News Channel, Fox Business Network and some regional sports channels, which are on separate contracts.[14][15] Shortly before the 12 midnight ET deadline on December 31, 2009, Fox granted Time Warner Cable and Bright House a brief extension during New Year's Day as talks continued, so viewers would not miss the Sugar Bowl, though the other bowl games and the NFL lineup remained at risk.[16] A settlement between the two parties was reached the evening of January 1, 2010, though no terms were disclosed; during the discussions that day, none of Fox's channels or stations were blacked out.[17]
In July 2010, ABC's parent company, Disney, announced that Disney was involved in a carriage dispute with Time Warner Cable for the first time since 2000 (because Bright House Networks deals are negotiated by Time Warner Cable, Bright House customers were also affected). In Bright House-served areas, the dispute involved the Disney Channel, Disney XD, ABC Family, and all the networks of ESPN. Despite word of an early agreement on August 30, 2010,[18] it was not until the evening of the September 2 deadline that an agreement was reached between Disney and Time Warner Cable.[19][20][21]
On July 9, 2012, Hearst Television removed its stations from Time Warner Cable and Bright House Networks systems when the parties failed to reach a deal.[22] In the interim, WESH Orlando was replaced on Bright House systems in Central Florida with WBRE-TV Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, a station owned by the Nexstar Broadcasting Group,[23] while other Hearst stations on Bright House were replaced with other cable channels offered by Bright House. Nexstar complained that Bright House has used WBRE's signal outside their markets without permission, while Bright House argued it was within its rights to use that station's signal as a replacement until a deal with Hearst was reached.[24] According to Time Warner Cable, the dispute stemmed from Hearst's demand of a 300% increase in its retransmission fees.[22] The substitutions lasted until July 19, 2012, when the deal was reached between Hearst and Time Warner.[25]
On August 2, 2013 at 5 pm, the carriage deal between CBS and Time Warner Cable expired, with no renewal deal being reached until a month later. Time Warner had major markets affected by the blackout, while only a few Bright House markets lost access to CBS and CW stations owned by CBS Television Stations, as well as cable channels FLIX and The Smithsonian Channel; Bright House's territory includes CBSTS-owned broadcast stations Tampa CW station WTOG-TV and Detroit's WKBD-TV and WWJ-TV on their Livonia, Michigan system, which were blacked out.[26]) Premium channels Showtime and The Movie Channel, which are also owned by CBS, were similarly pulled from the cable lineup, including the corresponding Video On Demand services. Bright House said that CBS withdrew permission to air Showtime, while CBS denied that and called the blackout a "punitive" measure by TWC.[27]

See also[edit]

List of United States telephone companies
Pivot Wireless

References[edit]



^ a b CableFAX: 31. Family Affair: Bob Miron, Steve Miron, Nomi Bergman
^ NCTA Top 25 MSO's
^ a b "About Bright House Networks". Bright House Networks. Retrieved 2014-04-28. 
^ "About Bright House Networks". Bay News 9. Retrieved 2014-04-28. 
^ https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=9316967
^ "Charter to buy Bright House cable". Orlando Sentinel. March 30, 2015. Retrieved April 1, 2015. 
^ "Charter Communications Agrees to Acquire Time Warner Cable". The New York Times. Retrieved 26 May 2015. 
^ "Charter completes purchase of Time Warner Cable, Bright House". Los Angeles Times. May 18, 2016. Retrieved June 25, 2016. 
^ "Bright House viewers lose WTOG, Showtime". TampaBay.com. 
^ LIN TV Corp.: Time Warner Contract Expires October 2 Archived October 3, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Viacom May Pull Channels Off Time Warner Cable in Contract Spat
^ "Time Warner may cut ‘Colbert,’ ‘Spongebob’". msnbc.com. 
^ Los Angeles Times: "Viacom, Time Warner Cable settle contract dispute", 1/1/2009.
^ keepfoxon.com, Fox's official carriage protest site Archived January 25, 2012, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Reuters: "Fox says Time Warner Cable may drop Fox TV shows", December 18, 2009.
^ AP (via Chicago Tribune): "Fox grants 'brief extension', keeps signal going as dispute with Time Warner Cable continues", January 1, 2010.
^ ABC News: "NFL, 'Idol' After All: Time Warner Cable, Fox Announce Deal on Broadcasts; Football Fans Breathe Easier as Cable Giants Reach an Unspecified Agreement", January 1, 2010.
^ New York Post: "Time Warner Cable, Disney set TV deal", August 30, 2010. Archived October 20, 2012, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "ABC, ESPN stay on air as Disney-Time Warner talks continue". September 2, 2010. 
^ Riddell, Kelly (September 2, 2010). "Disney Keeps Channels on Time Warner Cable as Talks Extend Past Deadline". Bloomberg. 
^ "Business News, Personal Finance and Money News". ABC News. Retrieved 2012-07-25. 
^ a b Adweek: "Hearst and Time Warner Cable Part Ways Over Retrans", July 10, 2012.
^ Adweek: "Imported Signals in Retrans Fight Raise Regulatory Questions", July 10, 2012.
^ Tampa Bay Times: "Hearst dispute with Bright House pulls WMOR-Ch. 32 and digital THIS TV off Tampa Bay cable system", July 10, 2012.
^ Broadcasting & Cable: "Hearst TV, Time Warner Cable End Viewer Blackout", July 19, 2012.
^ "Local 6 issues programming alert". ClickOrlando.com. 
^ "Showtime off Bright House in fee dispute". The Orlando Sentinel. 



External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


Cable, satellite, and other specialty television providers in the United States



Cable MVPD



Adams Cable
Allegiance Communications
Altice USA

Optimum
Suddenlink Communications


Armstrong
Atlantic Broadband
Blue Ridge Communications
Blue Stream
Broadstripe
Buckeye Broadband
Cable One
Charter Spectrum
Comcast Xfinity
Consolidated Communications

FairPoint Communications


Cox Communications
Docomo Pacific
Emery Telcom
Full Channel
GCI
Hargray
Layer3 TV
Mediacom
Midco
Northland Communications
OneLink Communications
Satview Broadband
Service Electric
SRT Communications
TDS Telecom
TPG

Grande Communications
RCN Corporation
Wave Broadband


TruVista Communications
WOW!





Satellite MVPD



Claro
Dish Network
DirecTV
Glorystar
Headend in the Sky
Home2US





Fiber MVPD / IPTV



AT&T U-verse
CenturyLink Prism TV
Cincinnati Bell FiOptics
Claro
Consolidated Communications

FairPoint Communications


EPB
Frontier FiOS
Google Fiber
GTA Teleguam
Hawaiian Telcom
Layer3 TV
Midco
NEP Datastream TV
TDS Telecom
Verizon FiOS
Windstream Kinetic





Virtual MVPD



DirecTV Now
FuboTV
Hulu with Live TV
PlayStation Vue
Skitter TV
Sling TV
YouTube TV





Over-the-top



Amazon Video
Anime Network
Apple TV (iTunes Store)
CBS All Access
Crackle
Crunchyroll
CW Seed
CuriosityStream
DramaFever
Fandor
Feeln
FunimationNow
go90
HBO Now
History Vault
Hulu
iON (IPTV)
Lifetime Movie Club
Netflix
Noggin
Pluto TV
Roku
Seeso
Showtime
StarzPlay
Tribeca Shortlist
Tubi TV
Univision NOW
Yupptv





Defunct cable



Adelphia Communications Corporation
Alameda Power and Telecom1
Astound Broadband
AT&T Broadband

MediaOne / Continental Cablevision
Tele-Communications Inc.


Baja Broadband

US Cable


Bresnan Communications
Bright House Networks
Cablevision
Champion Broadband
Cobridge Communications
Community Home Entertainment
Graceba Total Communications
Insight Communications
Jones Intercable
King Videocable
Knology
Marcus Cable
NPG Cable
Paragon Cable
Rapid Communications
TelePrompTer / Group W Cable
Time Warner Cable
UA-Columbia Cablevision
Windjammer Communications

1 – Still in operation, but no longer offers cable or Internet as part of its services




Defunct satellite



AlphaStar
GlobeCast World TV
PrimeStar
United States Satellite Broadcasting
Voom HD Networks





Defunct IPTV



Sky Angel
Virtual Digital Cable





Defunct terrestrial



Aereo
USDTV
MovieBeam





See also



Radio spectrum pollution












v
t
e


Additional resources on North American television



North America



List of local television stations in North America
DTV transition
North American TV mini-template





Canada



Canadian networks
List of Canadian television networks
List of Canadian television channels
List of Canadian specialty channels
Local Canadian TV stations
List of United States stations available in Canada
2001 Vancouver TV realignment
2007 Canada broadcast TV realignment





Mexico



Mexican networks
Local Mexican TV stations





United States



American networks
List of American cable and satellite networks
List of American over-the-air networks
Local American TV stations (W)
Local American TV stations (K)
Spanish-language TV networks
1994 United States broadcast TV realignment
2006 United States broadcast TV realignment
List of Canadian television stations available in the United States
Insular Areas TV











Africa, Asia, and Oceania
Americas
Europe










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Bright_House_Networks&oldid=792313017"					
Categories: Defunct telecommunications companies of the United StatesCable television companies of the United StatesDefunct media companies of the United StatesDefunct companies based in Syracuse, New YorkDirect broadcast satellite servicesPrivately held companies based in New YorkCharter CommunicationsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksOfficial website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 25 July 2017, at 20:22.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






