






Brighton Jones LLC Takes Position in Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD) | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Air Products and Chemicals Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Products and Chemicals Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



FY2017 EPS Estimates for UnitedHealth Group Incorporated Boosted by Analyst (UNH)					

Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL) President Glen W. Hauenstein Sells 67,000 Shares					

DXC Technology Company. (NYSE:DXC) CFO Paul N. Saleh Sells 59,824 Shares					

Brighton Jones LLC Takes Position in Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD)					

Farmers National Bank Continues to Hold Position in American Electric Power Company, Inc. (NYSE:AEP)					

Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (SWKS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cowen and Company					

DigitalGlobe, Inc (DGI) Lowered to “Neutral” at Piper Jaffray Companies					

Paychex, Inc. (PAYX) Downgraded by William Blair to Market Perform					

Sage Group Unspon  (SGPYY) Upgraded at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)					

Independent Bank Corp. (INDB) Posts  Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS					

Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Church & Dwight Company, Inc. (NYSE:CHD) Lowered by Jefferies Group					

QUALCOMM Incorporated (NASDAQ:QCOM) Announces  Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.02 EPS					

PhotoMedex (PHMD) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows					

SLM Corporation (NASDAQ:SLM) Releases  Earnings Results, Hits Expectations					

NVE Corporation (NVEC) Posts  Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.02 EPS					

HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Issues FY18 Earnings Guidance					

Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Eagle Rock Energy Partners, L.P. (EROC) Stock Price					

Reviewing pdvWireless (PDVW) and AT&T (T)					

Diana Containerships (DCIX) Receiving Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Finds					

Life Storage (LSI) & Public Storage (PSA) Head to Head Analysis					





 





						Brighton Jones LLC Takes Position in Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD)					

						 July 21st, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Patrick Bannon 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Brighton Jones LLC bought a new stake in  Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund bought 1,981 shares of the basic materials company’s stock, valued at approximately $268,000. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Engineers Gate Manager LP purchased a new position in  Air Products and Chemicals during the first quarter valued at $419,000.  Peoples Financial Services CORP. increased its position in  Air Products and Chemicals by 0.4% in the first quarter. Peoples Financial Services CORP. now owns 9,433 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $1,276,000 after buying an additional 33 shares during the period.  World Asset Management Inc increased its position in  Air Products and Chemicals by 15.3% in the first quarter. World Asset Management Inc now owns 25,607 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $3,464,000 after buying an additional 3,390 shares during the period.  Montag & Caldwell LLC purchased a new position in  Air Products and Chemicals during the first quarter valued at $27,055,000.  Finally, Youngs Advisory Group Inc. increased its position in  Air Products and Chemicals by 1.6% in the first quarter. Youngs Advisory Group Inc. now owns 82,505 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $11,162,000 after buying an additional 1,322 shares during the period. 89.20% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 
Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD) opened at 146.01 on Friday. Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. has a 12 month low of $129.00 and a 12 month high of $150.45. The company’s 50-day moving average is $144.53 and its 200-day moving average is $141.82. The stock has a market capitalization of $31.79 billion, a P/E ratio of 10.10 and a beta of 1.26. 




Air Products and Chemicals (NYSE:APD) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The basic materials company reported $1.43 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.38 by $0.05. Air Products and Chemicals had a return on equity of 19.26% and a net margin of 36.19%. The business had revenue of $1.98 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.84 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $1.82 EPS. Air Products and Chemicals’s revenue for the quarter was up 11.4% compared to the same quarter last year.  Equities analysts anticipate that  Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. will post $6.16 earnings per share for the current year. 
The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, November 13th. Investors of record on Tuesday, October 10th will be paid a dividend of $0.95 per share. This represents a $3.80 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.60%. Air Products and Chemicals’s payout ratio is 26.28%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Brighton Jones LLC Takes Position in Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD)” was originally  reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this article can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/21/brighton-jones-llc-takes-position-in-air-products-and-chemicals-inc-nyseapd.html. 
APD has been the topic of several analyst reports. Deutsche Bank AG raised shares of Air Products and Chemicals from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and lifted their target price for the stock from $148.00 to $160.00 in a research report on Monday, May 1st. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Air Products and Chemicals from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $152.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. Jefferies Group LLC  reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $155.00 target price on shares of Air Products and Chemicals in a research report on Friday, July 14th. Finally, BidaskClub downgraded shares of Air Products and Chemicals from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, June 23rd. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued  a hold rating and seven have assigned  a buy rating to the company. Air Products and Chemicals currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $152.85.
About Air Products and Chemicals
Air Products and Chemicals, Inc, is an industrial gases company. The Company’s Industrial Gases business provides atmospheric and process gases and related equipment to manufacturing markets, including refining and petrochemical, metals, electronics, and food and beverage. The Company is also a supplier of liquefied natural gas process technology and equipment.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding APD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD).






Receive News & Ratings for Air Products and Chemicals Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Products and Chemicals Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 
























































Brighton Jones Wealth Management and Financial Advisory                       Brighton Jones  menu  We’re not just your wealth manager, we’re your Personal CFO. The decisions you make today—large and small—have a ripple effect across your future plans. Having a Personal CFO means having someone who can help you understand and anticipate the impact of those choices. Someone who will listen carefully, speak truthfully, and work proactively in pursuit of your goals. Our investment and planning expertise will help pave the path to your future, but we believe our greatest value lies in helping you live a richer life every day, starting right now.Explore these life scenarios to see what a Personal CFO can do for you.   Email us today—we'd love to hear your story.     Executive compensation We can help you make sense of—and maximize the value of—your comp package.     Complex finances Managing complicated investments, limited partnerships or multi-generational wealth requires a range of expertise.     Long-term planning “Time flies” is a cliché for a reason. Advance planning for college or retirement, or creating a succession plan, always pays off.     Liquidity event Maybe you sold a business or inherited money and you want some strategies to help make the most of it.     Life event Life is full of surprises—career change, weddings, babies, illness. It helps to have support in advance or in the moment.     A different perspective An unbiased second opinion—with no sales pitch—is critically important when the stakes are high and you’re very close to it.   Latest insights Compassion Know Your BodyDeveloping familiarization with our inner sense of self across all dimensions, emotionally, psychologically, and bodily, is essential for a sense of well-being. read more Compassion Finding Flow“The best moments in our lives are not the passive, receptive, relaxing times … The best moments usually occur if a person’s body or mind is stretched to its limits in a voluntary effort to accomplish something difficult and worthwhile.” – Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi Find Your Happy Every month this year we are highlighting simple practices that we read more Long-Term Planning 5 Reasons Why Pro Athletes Go BrokeLet’s stop pointing fingers at people and address the underlying issues.  Jed Collins of the Detroit Lions scores a touchdown against the Carolina Panthers (Grant Halverson/Getty Images) By Jed Collins After seven years in the NFL, I transitioned to a career as a financial advisor.1 The experience has afforded me a new perspective on the read more See ALL  Career Have a passion for collaboration, constant learning, and helping others succeed? Explore open opportunities at Brighton Jones. Learn more      
Meet Our Dedicated Team of Financial & Tax Advisors                   Brighton Jones  menu     Filter by: filter by View AllTeam:Personal CFOTax and Estate PlanningRetirement Plan Advisory ServicesBusiness DevelopmentOperations  Collaboration is part of our culture.We’ve always known that the needs of our clients would be too diverse for any one—or two—individuals to satisfy on their own.By tapping the individual talents of team members across all areas of our business, we better serve our clients and deliver more value. This collaborative approach is not just central to our culture; it’s a key to our success.Please browse through the various segments of our company and the individual experts who handle them. With a diverse team of CFPs®, CPAs, JDs, and MBAs, we’re proud to put the power of collaboration to work for you. Filter by: filter by View AllTeam:Personal CFOTax and Estate PlanningRetirement Plan Advisory ServicesBusiness DevelopmentOperations The Brighton Jones team Adam Akerblom Business Development Coordinator Alex Boeri Advisor Alexandra Umemoto Client Service Coordinator Andrea Cruz Client Service Coordinator Biss McCarthy, CFP® Advisor Brett Carolan, CFP® Advisor Brian Tall Director of Investments Brittany Weiler Regional Retirement Associate Advisor Bryce Baker, CFP® Advisor Calley Ryan Bjorkman, CPA Tax Advisor Carly Sutton Talent Management Associate Charles Brighton, CFP® CEO Chris DeStefano Advisor Christina Sylvester Director of Marketing Clint Christensen, CFP® Advisor Corinn Parks, CPA Lead Advisor Cory Custer Director of Learning & Development Dan Monaghan, Jr., CPA Tax Advisor David Lamp, CFP® Advisor David Peeples Regional Retirement Sales Consultant Debbie DiPiero, JD Tax Advisor Emma Landis Business Development Associate Eric Sholberg, CPA Retirement Plan Advisor Eric T. Strong, CFP® Advisor Eric J. Wikstrom, CPA, JD Tax Advisor Geoffrey Fischback, CPA Tax Advisor Gina Peronto Sr. Talent Management Associate Grant Lyon Business Development Associate Greer Smith, CFP® Advisor Jackie Prideaux, CFP® Advisor James Taylor, CFP® Advisor Jason Shull, CFP® Advisor Jedidiah Collins Advisor Jenah Smith Operations Manager Jens Madsen Executive Assistant Jesica Ray Client Service Coordinator Jessica Allison Client Service Coordinator Jessie McMillan Client Service Coordinator Jimmy MacDonell, CFP®, CPA Advisor John Dougherty Vice President of Marketing Jon Jones CEO Karen Nelson, CPA, JD Tax Advisor Kathy Lin Schlyer Client Service Coordinator Katie Randall Advisor Kaycee Krebs, CFP® Advisor Keith Brennan Business Development Manager Kelly Brown, CFP® Advisor Kenny Bower Business Development Associate Kerry Schoepfle, CDFA® Advisor Kory Leadon, CFP® Advisor Kristi Panza Client Service Coordinator Kristie Garrett, CFP® Business Development Manager Laura Tarbutton Client Service Coordinator Lesley Kalso Client Service Coordinator Liv Freeby, SPHR Director of Talent Management Lori Lansing Client Service Coordinator Lucas Baker Associate Madison Adams Office Coordinator Madison Amsberry Client Service Coordinator Maggie Baty Client Service Coordinator Marc Asmus Marketing Automation Manager Mark Bernazzani, CFP®, CPA Advisor Mark Jansa,CPA, JD Tax Advisor Mark Jones Managing Director, Institutional Asset Management Matt Howell Advisor Matt Mormino, CFP® Lead Advisor Matt Patterson, CFP® Portfolio Manager Matthew A. Camrud, CFP® Advisor Meagan Swingley Accountant Megan Tahl, JD, LLM Tax Advisor Melanie Arena, CFP® Advisor Mercy Masicha Tax Client Service Coordinator Michael Battaglia, CFP®, CIMA Advisor Michael Welk Advisor Nicole Bowers Director of Talent Management Nik Weiler Client Service Coordinator Phil Almonte Senior IT Administrator Sabrina Rosh, CFP® Advisor Sara Pendleton Client Service Coordinator Sarah Chen Salesforce  Business Analyst Sarah Schwan Advisor Scott Schoenfeld Advisor Scott Leber Vice President of Business Development Shalonda Knox-Shelton Tax Client Services Manager Shyanne Render Associate Stan Hall Marketing Associate Steven Hanks Advisor Tabitha Whitesell Tax Client Service Coordinator Taylor McEuen, CPA Tax Advisor Tim Amen, CFP® Advisor Tom Preston Director of Client Service Tyler Harvey Client Service Coordinator Tyler Mayfield COO and CCO Val Grasparil Vice President of Technology Whitney Johnson Client Service Coordinator Zach Olson Business Development Coordinator Zach Smith, CFP® Advisor Stitch Jones Office Dog back to top Adam AkerblomBusiness Development CoordinatorSeattle, WA206.258.5086How do I help our clients live a richer life?  As a member of the business development team, I have the pleasure of working with and supporting a passionate group of individuals who are dedicated to helping others live a richer life. We go above and beyond to ensure that we are developing new client relationships at every level by determining client needs and then building an analysis to help meet them. We recognize that every situation is unique, so we work to build a customized financial plan to further enrich the lives of our clients. How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? In my time outside of the office, I enjoy traveling and seeking out new experiences. I have had the privilege of living in and immersing myself in many diverse and wonderful cultures around the world and am always looking to add a new country to my global resume. I am an avid sports fan of everything Seattle, with the Seahawks and Huskies leading the charge. When time allows, my girlfriend Megan and I enjoy camping and taking in everything the Pacific Northwest has to offer. Alex BoeriAdvisorSan Francisco, CA415.653.8910How do I help our clients live a richer life?  Living a richer life means something different to each person. As an advisor, I work with clients to help them achieve their vision of a richer life by creating and executing a plan specific to their needs. With all of life’s tough decisions, I am proud to be a part of a team that is not only focused on your financial well-being, but also your emotional and social well-being. How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? Outside of Brighton Jones, I enjoy spending my time with friends and family. Being a Bay Area native, I try to take advantage of the weather, beaches, and mountains that surround me. Whether it’s golfing, working out, surfing, hiking, or coaching, I love to be active. As a former baseball player, I spend a lot of my time teaching players, parents, and other coaches fundamentals, drills, techniques, and the life lessons the game has taught me. Alexandra UmemotoClient Service CoordinatorSeattle, WA206.258.5079How do I help our clients live a richer life?  With the support of amazing colleagues around me, I help our clients live a richer life by always trying to be an efficient, warm, and proactive team member for all of their activities with Brighton Jones. Brighton Jones’ role as Personal CFO has many moving parts, and I strive to provide service that makes our clients’ lives easier, simpler, and on track to fit their financial and life goals. I'm proud to work for an organization that truly acts in the client’s best interest in every way. In fact, it motivates me to bring that same level of excellence to my work every day.How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? Most of my time outside of work is spent with my husband and dog, remodeling our home, exploring the wonderful Pacific Northwest, and spending time with friends and family. I'm an active member of the Junior League of Seattle, and spend much of my time volunteering with various local organizations and participating in other league activities. With one parent being a native New Zealander, international travel down under has always been a large part of my life, and I try to travel back at least once every few years. Domestic travel is also a big part of our life, as the United States has so many wonderful destinations to offer! If I'm not travelling or knocking down walls in my house, I can also be found running (slowly), horseback riding, attempting to do yoga, and generally enjoying the outdoors. Andrea CruzClient Service CoordinatorSeattle206.258.5072How do I help clients live a richer life? In my role as a Client Service Coordinator, I help our clients live richer lives by taking care of the everyday tasks that are crucial to helping our clients reach their goals. While offering support to our Lead and Associate advisors, I also thoroughly enjoy being a point of contact for our clients when the unexpected (often) happens in life and adjustments need to be made. My Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from the University of Washington and my extensive customer service experience in the financial services industry help me serve our clients with efficiency, accuracy and always with the clients’ best interests in mind. I am grateful to be on the Brighton Jones team, which means I have the support of intelligent and kind people who all have the same mission at heart: to help every client live a richer life. How do I like to spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? Outside of the office, you will most likely find me in the gym, baking in the kitchen, or with my nose in a good book. I am passionate about my health and fitness; weightlifting and meal prepping have become a cathartic part of my routine. My husband and I also love to play chess and explore the great outdoors (when weather permits). Originally from Bainbridge Island, I love to visit my father there any chance I get. Although I love living in the beautiful PNW, I also will jump at the chance to travel. Most often I will be visiting my mother and her family in Austin, TX, but it is a goal of mine to visit all 50 states!Biss McCarthy, CFP®Advisor Seattle, WA206.258.5060How do I help our clients live a richer life? I help my clients live a richer life by helping them identify and achieve their life goals. I do this by acting as their personal CFO, providing objective advice and creative solutions as it relates to their life plan. I use a consultative process to identify where they are now, where they want to go and how they will get there. I work with a collaborative team of Brighton Jones professionals that help clients make informed decisions around achieving everything that is important to them.
I earned my Bachelor of Science from Washington State University. Also, I’ve earned my Certified Financial Planning designation, CFP ® and hold a Series 65 Investment Advisor Qualification.  How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?I live in Sammamish with my wife and two children. I enjoy skiing, cycling and spending time with my family. I’m very active in the community organizing and coaching youth sports. Also, I sit on the Boards of various not for profit organizations within my community.Brett Carolan, CFP®AdvisorSeattle, WA206.258.5050How do I help our clients live a richer life? I chose this profession because it is rewarding to help people achieve their goals both personally and financially. I enjoy being able to give unbiased, qualified advice and be supported by the high quality group of professionals at Brighton Jones. We work as a team to figure out exactly what a “richer life” means for each individual client.   How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?First and foremost, I like to spend time with family. My wife Amy and I are active in our children’s school, parish, and with our mutual alma mater, WSU. I am able to spend time coaching my children, Quinn and Riley, and their various sports teams. I feel this is important because my life was greatly influenced by the coaches I had in my childhood.
I enjoy volunteering and non-profit work. I feel fortunate in my life, and being able give back is a huge reward. I also like running and getting outdoors with the family whenever our schedules (and the weather) allow.Brian TallDirector of Investments Seattle, WA 206.258.5000How do I help our clients live a richer life? The obstacles confronting individual investors are many. The investment management industry offers a nearly limitless supply of products and strategies, very few of which meet fiduciary standards. Likewise, impersonal advice provided by the widespread distribution of information on the internet and television can be highly suspect. As the Director of Investments at Brighton Jones, I am the researcher of ideas, the filterer of information, and the bouncer that turns away investment solutions that better serve fund managers than end clients. I am responsible for the research and analysis that shapes our investment philosophy and implementation processes; and together with other members of the Investment Committee, I direct firm-wide strategic allocation policies. How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? While I always seem to be thinking about something related to economics and finance, I am a good multitasker so having fun is not mutually exclusive with my inability to turn off the wonkery. In the summer I enjoy barbecuing outside, playing in softball leagues, and trying not to hurt myself in various water sports. During the winter, I enjoy skiing and talking about record breaking winter statistics. In my past, I was fortunate to have the opportunity to travel throughout much of the world and experience different cultures—I look forward to someday going on another adventure to new parts of the world that I have yet to visit.Brittany WeilerRegional Retirement Associate AdvisorSeattle206.258.5017How do I help our clients live a richer life?My role supports our Institutional Asset Management team, enriching client relationships through the management of their employer-sponsored retirement plan(s). We put an emphasis on helping our clients live a richer life by offering customized retirement plan solutions specific to their unique goals and in the sole-interest of their plan(s) and participants—empowering both plan sponsor and participant alike in executing their vision for retirement.How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?Like many of my fellow “Pacific Midwesterners," my time spent outside of the office is focused on immersing myself as a newer resident of the greater Seattle area. My Midwestern interests have grown into Pacific Northwest passions—biking, camping, hiking, and skiing have a whole new meaning when the mountains are just a short drive (and podcast) away. The outdoors aside, I love spending time with family and friends (they are the fabric and fiber of my being) connecting in the kitchen over a great recipe, checking out a brewery, taking in a ballgame, reading and discussing books, exchanging handwritten notes or postcards, and volunteering.Bryce Baker, CFP®AdvisorSeattle, WA206.258.5013How do I help our clients live a richer life?After helping clients articulate their objectives, I work with our planning teams to create, execute, and monitor a dynamic, customized plan that provides the highest probability of success. Our aim goes well beyond providing objective analysis and conflict free advice. I’m proud to work with a team of people who focus on more than just the numbers. By learning about our clients’ passions and what drives them, we’re able to not only provide peace of mind through acting as their Personal CFO, but also afford them the time and freedom they need to pursue what’s most important to them—or as we like to say, live a richer life.  How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?My fiancé, Tia, and I love living downtown and enjoying all Seattle has to offer. I’d say I’m a foodie, but really I just like eating (anywhere) with friends. I’m also a big golfer and enjoy getting out when it’s sunny (or even when it’s not).Calley Ryan Bjorkman, CPATax AdvisorSeattle, WA206.258.5015How do I help our clients live a richer life?  I help our clients live a richer life by being an instrumental part of their tax and financial planning, with the ultimate goal of providing them peace of mind when it comes time to file their family’s tax returns. My experience in individual, trust, gift, estate, and business tax planning provides our clients with a comprehensive view of their tax situation. I earned a bachelor's degree in accounting and finance, as well as a master's degree in accounting, from Washington State University.How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? I enjoy spending my time with my husband, family, and friends. My interests and hobbies include traveling, wine tasting, rooting for the Seahawks and WSU Cougar football teams, and playing tennis.Carly SuttonTalent Management AssociateSeattle, WA206.258.5083How do I help our clients live a richer life?  I have the distinct pleasure of helping to lead the recruiting effort for Brighton Jones, including running our university recruiting programs. While my career started out in human resources, I realized that recruiting had always felt like the best part of my job. I’m so grateful to be able to focus on finding the best talent for a company that I absolutely love! It’s a privilege to provide great service to candidates, and play a small part in their journey to find the role that will help them live a richer life. As a Washington native, I come from a long line of Cougars and received my bachelor’s degree from Washington State University. I recently obtained my Society of Human Resource Management, Certified Professional designation.How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? When I’m not in the office having fun with my team, I enjoy spending time with my husband and our Toto lookalike, Lucy. I love exploring all that our great state has to offer. Lopez Island, Lake Chelan, and Walla Walla are among my happy places. You can often find me wine tasting with friends, cooking or baking a new recipe in the kitchen, or binge watching my latest Netflix obsession. I find joy in meals shared around the table, volunteering, traveling to new destinations, and curling up by the fire with a good book and cup of tea.Charles Brighton, CFP®CEO Seattle, WA 206.258.5000How do I help our clients live a richer life?  Our mission statement is to use our objectivity, creativity, and passion to help our clients, colleagues, and community members live richer lives. As Co-CEO, I have many opportunities to deliver on this statement. With 20+ years of experience working directly with clients, I enjoy putting creative strategies in place that help them along the way and define what “live a richer life” means to them. Indirectly, I am also the firm’s CIO, and this allows me to collaborate with our investment team to ensure that our clients continue to receive unbiased, fee-only investment advice.How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? My life outside of Brighton Jones is centered around family, friends, and the outdoors. My wife Lorie and I have two young boys who are very active, and love all things outdoors. We enjoy biking, skiing, hiking, and just about anything else that lets us take advantage of the fantastic region in which we live. In addition, I enjoy spending time with my friends on the tennis court, the golf course, or even an annual trip riding bikes around Maui. Brighton Jones has a culture of giving back to the communities we work in, and I am privileged to serve on the boards of two wonderful philanthropic organizations.Chris DeStefanoAdvisorSan Francisco, CA 415.673.3632How do I help clients live a richer life?I believe a key part of living a richer life is removing fear, worry and ambiguity associated with the future.  By taking time to thoroughly get to know clients and understand  their hopes, dreams and fears, I strive to build strong relationships.  I feel that establishing this sort of understanding and trust is integral to helping clients achieve financial freedom and peace of mind.Achieving a very real sense of security through exceptional financial management and planning can be life changing.  If I can assist toward that end, then I feel I have done my small part to help our clients live a richer life.   How do I like to spend time outside of Brighton Jones?Originally from Upstate New York, I moved to the San Francisco Bay Area in 2008.  I’ve always had a love of the outdoors and so I took up running as a hobby (and a good excuse to be outside) after moving to the West Coast.  Having been running now for several years I make it a point to do at least one half-marathon per year.  I am also passionate about maintaining the natural beauty that exists in the Bay Area and spend time volunteering with conservation/preservation efforts.More recently I have also taken up sailing as a hobby and have been working toward obtaining my “basic coastal cruising” certification.Christina SylvesterDirector of Marketing Seattle, WA (206) 258-5047How do I help our clients live a richer life? I’m a brand ambassador for Brighton Jones. I like to figure out creative ways to promote the company, which is why my favorite projects entail working on our website and our marketing collateral. I also like to spend time planning events for our offices. It is my job to help share our corporate vision of helping others live a richer life with our clients, prospects and my co-workers. The things I enjoy most about my job are the team of people I get to work with and our dedication in giving back to the community.How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?I enjoy spending time with my 2 teenage sons and husband. I am a soccer mom who enjoys all the craziness that comes along with raising 2 busy boys. On a typical evening you will find me at one of my sons’ soccer games or practices and when they aren’t playing, I’m usually playing indoor soccer myself.  Our family loves to enjoy sports together and enthusiastically support the Seattle Sounders and Seahawks.  When I get the opportunity to relax, I love meeting up with friends to enjoy a microbrew, play golf or ski. And when time allows, I love to travel any place warm and sit by a pool or lounge on the beach.Clint Christensen, CFP®Advisor San Francisco, CA (415) 673-3632How do I help our clients live a richer life? Brighton Jones’ culture embodies the mission of helping clients live a richer life.  When you are a Personal CFO it opens the door to more powerful and connected relationships with our clients and their families.  People come to us with past experiences, existing knowledge, and most importantly goals towards the future.  The resources and tools at Brighton Jones enable us to provide unlimited possibilities on how we can positively impact their life plan. I enjoy helping our clients with tax saving strategies, being the architect of their estate and legacy plan, and managing their assets to meet cash needs goals.  Best of all is when we help define what a “richer life” means to them.    How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?If there’s an opportunity to be outside with friends and family I’ll take it. Cycling, golfing, hiking, running, and skiing are all activities I enjoy when I’m not working. I secretly aspire to be a master chef…maybe someday. I enjoy volunteering my time at several non-profit organizations in the Bay Area. What ultimately excites me most is travel. The experiences you have and people you meet along the way create the best memories. We’ll see how life changes for me as I enter the new and exciting chapter of fatherhood.Corinn Parks, CPALead AdvisorPortland, OR503.594.7407How do I help clients live a richer life?  I enjoy helping clients understand what creative options are available to them regarding tax planning and estate planning.  Often the tax planning details become more complicated with the more wealth a client acquires.  I enjoy helping them understand the details and taking things off their plate to make it easier for them.  Over my thirteen plus years as a CPA, my favorite part of my job is getting to know someone beyond what their tax return says about them. The relationship with a CPA is a very personal partnership.  I strive to be the best partner I can be for example; getting to know multiple generations of their families, walking them through the complicated process of filing an estate return for a beloved family member, delivering tax returns to their homes, or attending events for their favorite charity.How do I like to spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? Travel, exercise, music, sunny beaches and friends/family are my passions.  When I’m in Portland and not at work I am probably eating, exercising or hanging out with my friends.  I’m a BurnCycle fanatic and also love yoga and Barre classes.  I’m really into healthy organic food, and you’ll often see me with a green smoothie or juice.  I like to think the healthy food offsets my crazy addiction to Spicy Nacho Doritos and chocolate.  I also enjoy attending social and charitable functions.  I make full use of all of our vacation days, at which time you can find me somewhere sunny or overseas exploring a foreign country.  Most recently I learned to surf in Bali!  My next vacation is a sailing trip around the islands of Croatia.Cory CusterDirector of Learning & DevelopmentSeattle, WA (206) 258-5045How do I help clients live a richer life? As the Director of Learning & Development my role focuses on employee engagement and possibility.  Fueled by my passion for human potential and performance, I facilitate learning and development in order to create a culture of collaboration, creativity and continuous growth; making Brighton Jones a learning organization and an innovator in the wealth management industry.    How do I like to spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?I have recently completed a Master of Arts degree so I am looking forward to having some more free time.  First order of business:  Getting back in shape and spending time with my family, particularly hiking many of the great trails in the Seattle area.Dan Monaghan, Jr., CPATax AdvisorPortland, OR503.594.7408How do I help our clients live a richer life?In addition to helping clients with tax planning and compliance, I am responsible for overseeing the strategic development of Brighton Jones’ tax service offering.  Whether guiding a client through a transaction or helping Brighton Jones grow as a company I strive to provide great service to those who are relying on me.  Clients can expect a high touch level of service as well as a clear and direct approach when communicating complex information to them. How do I like to spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?I have 4 children and a lovely wife who I love to spend the bulk of my free time with.  My interests include traveling, swimming, golfing, running and cheering on the Mariners or Seahawks.  Usually these activities include my family.  We enjoy vacationing in Hawaii, Europe, Central Oregon and the coast.   David Lamp, CFP®AdvisorSeattle, WA(206) 258-5029How do I help our clients live a richer life? As an Associate Advisor for Brighton Jones my primary responsibility is to make sure that all the aspects of our client’s complex financial lives are being addressed. My day to day activities involve meeting with clients, working with our team of specialists to address client requests in a timely manner, and proactively identifying planning opportunities that may benefit them in the future. Our clients have been successful at creating wealth; my job is to ensure that we are managing that wealth so they can focus on what they are passionate about, allowing them to live a richer life.    How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?My life outside Brighton Jones can be summed up in one word, family. My wife Casie and I have been blessed with three wonderful children. We have a very active lifestyle that involves a lot of team sports, Church activities and time spent with family and friends. Travel can be tough with a young family but when we get a chance, we love to get up to Whidbey Island and enjoy beach life, if only for a few days.David PeeplesRegional Retirement Sales ConsultantSeattle, WA206.258.5067How do I help clients live a richer life? Across industries, Brighton Jones works with businesses and organizations to help improve their retirement plans for their employees. It is my responsibility as a retirement sales consultant to help forge meaningful and effective connections between Brighton Jones resources and our institutional clients who serve as plan sponsors for their valued employees. Brighton Jones’ deep commitment to deliver relevant and impactful retirement planning education and advice, along with the ability to serve as your ERISA 3(38) fiduciary advisor, is central to my personal commitment to help our clients live a richer life. How do I like to spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? I love that we have a very active family, with lots of community, school, and sports activities, family across the country to visit, and the Northwest staples of outdoor cooking, gardening, and beachcombing. When my wife, daughter and I take a break away, it usually includes our Cavalier King Charles Spaniel Cali, friends, and sunny, warm locations.Debbie DiPiero, JDTax AdvisorPortland503.594.7402How do I help our clients live a richer life?My legal training and extensive career have provided me with many opportunities to advise clients with their personal tax, trusts, and estates, as well as their closely-held businesses. I enjoy working with individuals and family groups, assisting them with their tax planning and compliance. My goal is to address each client’s tax need in an efficient and comprehensive manner. I want to provide them with peace of mind, and enable them to spend quality, carefree time pursuing their own interests and passions.How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?I enjoy spending my time with family and friends. On a nice weekend, you’ll find me outside enjoying the sights and sounds of the Pacific Northwest. On rainy days, you can find me enjoying a book from Powell's. One of my favorite places to visit is the Oregon Coast, rain or shine.Emma LandisBusiness Development AssociateSeattle, WA206.258.5052How do I help our clients live a richer life? I support the Business Development team in developing new client relationships by determining client needs and putting them first. We recognize that every situation is unique, so we work to build a customized financial plan to further enrich the lives of our clients. I feel proud to work at a firm that is actively working to become a leader in helping investors put an end to conflicts of interest in the wealth management industry.  How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? Outside of Brighton Jones I like to stay active. I practice yoga and will bring my friends and family to any class I can, though they usually prefer the room cooler than 105 degrees. When I get the chance and the snow’s decent, I’ll go snowboarding with friends at Snoqualmie. I have a 6-year-old pit bull rescue named Willy, who never tires and needs as many runs as he can get. While learning to play the guitar this year, I found out he has some rhythm and can wag his tail to the beat. Eric Sholberg, CPARetirement Plan AdvisorScottsdale, AZ602.674.7001How do I help clients live a richer life? At Brighton Jones, we help our clients, colleagues, and community members live richer lives. I feel privileged to be part of a team contributing to that mission, working with companies to create better retirement plan experiences for their employees. I take satisfaction in knowing that our efforts bring greater peace of mind to individuals who rely on their 401(k) in the years after they stop working.How do I like to spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? I spend most of my time outside of work attending the various activities in which my two children are participating. I also serve on two non-profit boards. When I do find time for myself, I enjoy running, biking, and any activities that are water-related. Eric T. Strong, CFP®Advisor San Francisco, CA 415.673.3632 How do I help clients live a richer life?When I was a kid, my family relied on our neighbor and financial advisor Jim for trusted counsel on matters such as tax, investment planning, and college funding. By following his straightforward and sensible advice, my parents were able put both my sister and I through college, and are now enjoying their financial independence in retirement. It was clear to me early on that I wanted to have the same positive impact on others that Jim had on my family. Today, I'm fulfilling this goal at Brighton Jones. I serve as our client’s trusted advisor within our diversified team of tax, estate, and investment management professionals. Our business is built on advising our clients objectively, which I believe helps cultivate a much healthier client-advisor relationship. Our success is driven solely by the success of our clients.How do I like to spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?I like spending time with my family and friends. My wife Suzanne, a neonatal nurse at UC San Francisco, has all the qualities anyone could ask for in a life partner. We reside in Mill Valley, CA and have three children, Audrey, Thomas, and Elizabeth. I volunteer for the Boys and Girls Club of Southern Sonoma and Marin. I run a few select routes around Mount Tamalpais and occasionally get out on the golf course.Eric J. Wikstrom, CPA, JDTax AdvisorSeattle, WA206.258.5011How do I help clients live a richer life?I oversee a group of individuals who bring passion to their work every day and enjoy working closely with our clients to make a positive difference in their lives. As a team, our tax advisory group provides our clients with good solutions to their tax, charitable, and estate planning needs. I received a B.A. in finance and accounting from Washington State University and earned a J.D. from the University of Kansas School of Law. I am a licensed C.P.A. in both Washington and Oregon, a member of the Kansas Bar, and a member of both the Portland and Seattle estate planning councils.How do I like to spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?My wife Tara and our four children, Olivia, Lucas, Kate, and Henry, are the center of my universe. When I am away from the office, life is always centered around their activities (softball, baseball, basketball, soccer, bike riding, swimming, and some others that I'm likely forgetting) and time together as a family, which couldn’t make me happier.Geoffrey Fischback, CPATax AdvisorSeattle, WA206.258.5069How do I help our clients live a richer life? To me, living a richer life means spending more time with your family and friends, keeping focused on your own personal and professional goals, and worrying less. Helping my clients reach peace of mind concerning their tax and financial situation not only enables them to live a richer life, but awards me the same. As a licensed CPA tax professional, I use my core values of integrity, reliability, and accountability to help my clients with their tax planning and compliance as it relates to their business, individual, charitable, trust, and estate tax needs. My interest in tax comes from the desire to help people with family planning and to achieve financial success. The complexity of the various taxing systems and authorities can be, well, quite taxing and it is my goal to provide my clients the comfort of knowing that they are in the best possible tax situation, and are being well-served and well-taken care of.How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? Having received both my B.B.A. and Masters of Accounting at Gonzaga University, I always enjoy getting together with fellow ZAGS to root on our basketball team during the season. I also enjoy trying new restaurants, playing golf, hiking, traveling, snowboarding, attending musical festivals/concerts, and being close to any type of body of water during the summer. I’ve recently completed a summit climb of Mt. Adams via the North Cleaver and traveled to Ireland and Switzerland, but hope to take on many more adventures soon!Gina PerontoSr. Talent Management AssociateSeattle, WA206.258.5061How do I help our clients live a richer life?  As the talent management associate, I have the privilege of supporting our human resources department in all that we do. We work to find uniquely qualified individuals to contribute to our firm, help them acclimate, ultimately keep them engaged, and support their overall professional well-being. I find passion in helping promote and maintain an environment that encourages collaboration and continuous growth so that our team can focus on helping clients live richer lives. How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? Born and raised in Seattle, I cannot get enough of my ever-evolving city and all it has to offer. On the weekends, you can find me teaching a Bar Method class, trying a new restaurant, visiting a farmers market, or tucked away in my kitchen on a rainy day testing a recipe. I live downtown with my husband Jeremy and our fur-child Ruby, and we balance our busy lives with lots of food, lots of family and friends, and as much travel as we can pack in to our busy schedules.Grant LyonBusiness Development AssociateScottsdale, AZ602.674.7004How do I help our clients live a richer life?  While working on the business development team at Brighton Jones, I help clients live a richer life by seeking to understand what their goals and aspirations are with their money. Utilizing the comprehensive balance sheet approach, I am able to fully integrate myself into the expectations of the client. I would have to say the most rewarding part of my job is to be able to sit on the same side of the table and build a trusting relationship with people. The icing on the cake is to be at a company founded on years of strong financial knowledge and proven results. I consider myself incredibly fortunate to be able to come to work every day with a passion for people and relationships, and I hope our clients get the same feeling from me.   How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?Outside of the time I spend at Brighton Jones, I like to enjoy everything that the great state of Arizona has to offer. On a day off, you can find me enjoying a new restaurant, getting outdoors for a hike, or trying to keep up with my Scottie dog, Orville. Additionally, I like to play both golf and ice hockey as much as possible. My fiancée Jessica and I are planning on marrying in April of 2017, and I’ve told her the only thing I need is to wear a navy blue suit and a bowtie on the big day. Finally, with family being most important, I make it a point to spend as much time with my mother and father who also live here in Scottsdale. Greer Smith, CFP®Advisor Seattle, WA (206) 258-5090How do I help our clients live a richer life?I provide oversight and direction to our clients by formulating strategy and helping team members execute on our clients’ life plans. As our client’s Personal CFO we help grow, protect and transfer assets with objective and disciplined advice aimed at helping them live a richer life while increasing peace of mind.  I feel strongly about my role as a fiduciary and have a passion for helping people. I specialize in investment consulting, cash-flow, tax mitigation, balance sheet management, leveraging company benefits, asset protection, charitable planning, and expert relationship management. Prior to joining Brighton Jones, I spent over ten years at Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. as a Financial Consultant, Vice President and Private Client Consultant and three years as a Financial Advisor at Olde Financial Corp. I received a Bachelor’s Degree from the University of Washington in 1998 and obtained my CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ certification in 2005.  How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? I like to spend time with family and friends, whether we’re kicking our feet up, taking on new projects, or staying in shape. I enjoy Cross-Fit, Skiing, watching & coaching my kids in sports and generally trying to keep up with life!Jackie Prideaux, CFP®AdvisorSeattle, WA (206) 258-5037How do I help our clients live a richer life? The search for happiness, fulfillment and financial freedom is a noble – and sometimes daunting – pursuit. As an advisor at Brighton Jones, my utmost goal is to allow our clients to define what living a richer life means to them and, in turn, provide the execution and discipline to get there. I believe strongly in fulfilling our role as fiduciary and providing conflict free advice, but am also proud that our aim goes beyond the numbers. By taking time to thoroughly get to know clients and understand both their hopes and fears, we strive to build trusting, strong relationships. Those relationships and figuring out the best, creative solutions are the best parts of my job. I received a Bachelor’s Degree from Marquette University and obtained my CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ certification in 2015.How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?  My primary callings outside the halls of Brighton Jones are being of service to others and traveling near and far. I am a tutor and board member for a local non-profit and am also involved with United Way and a variety of other local causes. I enjoy getting outside to experience the beautiful Northwest or visiting a local mountain where I pretend to know how to ski – unless, of course, it interferes with watching the Green Bay Packers. Prior to working at Brighton Jones, I spent two years in Senegal, West Africa as a Peace Corps volunteer and that experience has solidified my love of travel, culture, and giving back. I hope to continue to weave volunteering into my life and cross things off of my travel bucket list in the years to come.James Taylor, CFP®AdvisorScottsdale, AZ602.674.7005How do I help our clients live a richer life?I help our clients live a richer life by listening to and understanding their stories, their dreams, and their life vision. I'm passionate about personal financial planning, investments, the economy, and the markets. I enjoy working with a team of experts to develop unique and individualized planning solutions. I strive to deliver this collective knowledge and creativity of the Brighton Jones team to our clients with meaning and impact so they can achieve their life goals.   How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?I live in Gilbert, AZ with my wife and my daughter.  We like to build castles, play with our dogs, swim, go for walks, go to the park, read stories, and spend time with friends and family. We love to go to San Diego a few times a year, explore the mountains of Arizona, and we try to get in at least one longer trip each year.  One of our favorite vacation destinations is Hawaii.  I stay very active and enjoy running, hiking, yoga, and golfing.  I graduated from Arizona State University and I'm a huge Sun Devils fan.  I am a life-long learner and am always curious to discover new things.  I like to read books, magazines, and journals of all kinds.  Music is another passion of mine and I play guitar, so going to concerts or discovering new bands is always exciting.  I also love to meet new people and hear their story.Jason Shull, CFP®AdvisorSeattle, WA (206) 258-5042How do I help our clients live a richer life? I help our clients to live a richer life by acting as their personal Chief Financial Officer. Although this role can vary by relationship, the underlying goal is consistent: helping to guide clients through complex processes and decisions so as to preserve and protect their accumulated wealth. Whether I am helping to craft comprehensive estate plans, developing a withdrawal strategy for paid executive compensation, or helping to map out the next phase of life, every plan is customized based on the legacy goals identified by the client. For me, building deep relationships with clients and becoming their trusted advisor has always been the most rewarding aspect of this profession.How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?Spending time with my family or enjoying the outdoors, are two of my favorite activities outside of the office. Hiking, skiing, golfing, running, cycling, or even a simple relaxed afternoon hosting a BBQ are all possibilities. Growing up in the Seattle area has taught me one valuable lesson: good rain gear is the key to enjoying the outdoors year-round. Living in Europe for three years fostered my passion for travel. Meeting new people and enjoying their cultures all while visiting some incredible locations have made for some truly rewarding experiences.Jedidiah CollinsAdvisor Seattle, WA206.258.5068How do I help our clients live a richer life?My path to helping people Live Richer Lives began on the other side of the table, as a Brighton Jones client. From my first meeting I appreciated the service nature of the company; the idea Brighton Jones would protect and preserve the jump start on life afforded me by the NFL.  Now as I sit as an associate advisor my goal is to help our team alleviate financial burden from our clients’ lives. With our team, I will help quantify Life goals and then allocate a plan to achieve those goals. As your personal CFO, we will monitor the challenges of the day, seek out opportunities within a portfolio, and build a relationship as a trusted advisor. My time as an accounting major at WSU and a unique experience through the NFL has shown me how much value a Financial Planner can bring. I have experienced now, as both client and employee, the peace of mind a company like Brighton Jones can bring and now it is my hope to pay that forward.    How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?As a new father I have come to understand that time outside of the office will be spent in a playhouse or rolling around on the ground. My wife and I enjoy heading back to Pullman for a Cougar gathering, the bliss of being done with a tough workout, and watching whatever the latest TV series we are on. In my alone time I am an avid reader and have kept a journal since college.Jenah SmithOperations ManagerSeattle, WA (206) 258-5058How do I help our clients live a richer life? As Operations Manager, my main focus is project management and project support throughout the firm. While most of my time is spent working closely with the Operations team, I also spend time with colleagues across all of our business segments and functions strategizing about our business plan and other major firm initiatives. I enjoy logistics, planning, and brainstorming creative solutions with teammates; and I like being a part of so many projects and conversations that ultimately aim at providing a better experience—and a richer life—for clients, community members and colleagues!How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?My husband, Matt, and I, just moved to Seattle and are thrilled to call this city home. Between the two of us, we have lived in quite a few different places and enjoy visiting our families and friends all over the world. We especially love meeting up with our Vancouver, B.C. friends for backpacking trips and meeting up with our Bend, Oregon friends in Portland so that we can make a pit stop at Powell’s Books! In free time, I also love playing around with film photography, hitting the heavy bag (I have been a competitive boxer for ten years), and learning new languages.Jens MadsenExecutive AssistantSeattle, WA206.258.5053How do I help clients live a richer life?  My primary responsibility is to support our CEOs and enable them to devote as much time as possible to allow our clients, our team, and our community to live richer lives. I strongly believe that the key to long term success is our ability to build authentic long term relationships based on trust and a genuine interest in each other – which is part of what makes Brighton Jones so unique. In my role I have the opportunity to interact with a large number of people and use my attention to detail and passion for our work to help create remarkable experiences for them.      How do I like to spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?  Being born in Denmark, you can see me channeling my inner (and peaceful) Viking when I hang out on my paddleboard on Lake Union. I love to cook and am relentlessly working on making the perfect steak in order to impress my wife who’s only impressed by one chef: Mark Greenaway from Edinburgh. I’m a voracious reader and love to learn as much about the world and the people in it as I possibly can. Last, but not least, I’m addicted to the Oregon coast and call Cannon Beach my second home. Jesica RayClient Service CoordinatorWashington, D.C. 703.682.1462How do I help our clients live a richer life? As a client service coordinator in our Washington, D.C. office, I help to service our clients on the East Coast. Having been raised on kindness and courtesy as core values, I believe that these are at the root of a positive client experience. I'm lucky to have the opportunity to build strong relationships with our clients and work together to provide personalized services that fit individual needs. With the goal of using the industry and functional expertise at Brighton Jones to execute on client needs, I truly enjoy knowing our clients live richer lives. My goal in the planning process is to handle the operational components to make your experience as convenient and efficient as possible. I hope I can be the reason you smile today!How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? I grew up a few miles from the shore in New Jersey and moved down to Arlington, VA after graduating from Dickinson College in Pennsylvania. While friends and family are at the core of my time spent outside the office, each season brings about different passions of mine. In the summertime, I enjoy being outdoors and frequenting country concerts. In the wintertime, I find myself knitting endless scarves. I love to try new things, whether it be food, travel, or a new workout. Year-round, I can be found exploring the many nature trails around Virginia with my boyfriend and my furchild, Bauer.Jessica AllisonClient Service Coordinator Portland, OR503.241.9997How do I help clients live a richer life? As a Client Service Coordinator I strive to deliver exceptional and attentive service and support to our clients. My work with the Portland team includes assisting lead advisors and tax managers with processing tax returns, establishing new accounts, actively communicating with clients, and facilitating the achievement of goals for both our team and our clients. I passionately work to strengthen our relationship with our clients and our understanding of their needs to ensure they achieve a fulfilling life.How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?I enjoy spending my time outside of work hiking the Columbia River Gorge with my friends and my Siberian Husky, Maiya. Since I don’t have the space for more than one dog, I get my fix by volunteering at the Southwest Washington Humane Society on weekends. Additionally, I love traveling and hope to see much more of Europe over the next few years.Jessie McMillanClient Service CoordinatorSeattle206.258.5062How do I help our clients live a richer life?  I help clients live richer lives by being their personal advocate as they navigate the ins and outs of financial planning. As a client service coordinator, my goal is to help make what are ordinarily complicated or frustrating tasks worry-free, in addition to building relationships with clients and colleagues, and providing exemplary customer service. I'm excited to be part of a team that puts their clients’ interests first and truly helps them live richer lives.How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? Outside of Brighton Jones, I enjoy getting outside as much as possible, whether that’s hiking in the summer, skiing in the winter, or just a walk in the park with my family’s dogs. Reading is one of my biggest passions—you’ll often find me reading several books at one time—in addition to tinkering around on the piano and traveling as much as possible. Recently, I spent a year living and studying in Taipei, Taiwan, and I love finding every opportunity I can to speak Chinese.Jimmy MacDonell, CFP®, CPAAdvisorWashington, D.C.703.682.1463How do I help our clients live a richer life? Our clients look to us to provide holistic advice on all aspects of their personal finances. I work as my client’s Personal CFO to help them understand their current and future financial situation so that they can gain comfort in knowing that they will be able to live and experience life the way they want. I’ve been in client service my entire career and take pride in knowing that the advice I provide will help my clients live a richer life.How do I help our clients live a richer life? I enjoy spending time with my wife and family who live in the Washington, D.C. area. I also play golf on a regular basis, have started to compete in trail running races, and recently completed my first sprint triathlon.John DoughertyVice President of MarketingSeattle, WA206.258.5073How do I help our clients live a richer life?  As vice president of marketing, my role spans across audience segmentation, automation, branding, digital media, events, messaging, inbound marketing, demand generation, and ROI. I also develop the marketing vision and strategy through projects such as our martech stack and incorporating artificial intelligence into client services. Having spent many years at agencies, I view our business development team and business segments as “clients,” and focus on providing the assets and tools needed for each to accomplish their goals. Together we’re amplifying and enhancing Brighton Jones’ highly-personalized experiences to current and future clients. It’s incredibly gratifying to bring new members into the Brighton Jones community and see them live a richer life through the unique relationship we share with each one.How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? Time outside the office is spent with my wife and three spirited kids, typically outdoors either skiing, hiking, swimming, running, or fishing. We also enjoy travel, history, art, concerts, Sounders games, and cooking. We adore Dempsey, our English springer spaniel, named by our kids after both the soccer player Clint Dempsey and actor Patrick Dempsey. My wife started Smooth Transitions of Seattle, which helps individuals and families navigate the challenges of aging and lifestyle change. As a family, we give back as much as possible by volunteering at Ronald McDonald House, March of Dimes, the Assistance League, and serving as a director on various boards.Jon JonesCEO Seattle, WA 206.258.5000How do I help our clients live a richer life? Living a richer life means something different for every one of our clients. For some, having a financial plan tied to their life plan gives peace of mind to focus on other things. For others, living a richer life may mean having a workable plan to retire by age 60 or buy a second home, and so on. I see my job as making sure our team understands how each client defines having a richer life and has a plan in place to achieve it.
As CEO, I also define the strategic direction for the company and assure that we have people and processes in place to deliver what we promise. I value innovation and encourage a culture of collaboration and continual improvement to keep us on top of our game. At the end of the day, I want the work we are doing for our clients to exceed their expectations and make a difference in their lives.How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?My motto, which comes from famous words of Mahatma Gandhi, is: “Live like you will die tomorrow; learn like you will live forever!” I try to fill every minute of every day with things that make my life richer, focused on family, friends and giving back.
My greatest joy is spending time with my wife and four children. On any given day this might mean coaching a baseball or softball team, attending a jump rope demonstration, chaperoning a field trip or trying out a new restaurant in town. We also love to travel as a family, finding places we have never been as well as spending vacations at our home away from home in Chelan, Washington.
I enjoy spending time with friends on the golf course and at baseball games. My charity work is centered on kids’ needs. I serve on several boards that allow me to share some of my knowledge about running a successful company and helping raise money to support great causes.
Actual Gandhi quote: “Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.”Karen Nelson, CPA, JDTax AdvisorPortland, OR503.594.7409How do I help clients live a richer life?I have practiced as a tax consultant for over 30 years, and am a member of the AICPA and Oregon Bar.  My practice area has been focused on working with individuals, trusts, and estates. These areas of tax practice require empathetic listening skills, and many personal and family matters surface when helping a couple develop an estate plan that fits their goals. I am honored to be a part of this process and receive enormous professional satisfaction in providing such personal service to my clients.How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?My husband, David, and I have been married for over 30 years and we have three very accomplished children. Our son is a commercial airline pilot and that brings flight benefits to us, his parents. We love to travel internationally, and we take advantage of inexpensive air travel as much as possible. We have also been certified scuba divers for many years, and take great joy in traveling to some of the most outstanding dive sites in the Western hemisphere. The South Pacific is our next goal. When we are home in Portland, we are enjoying this vibrant, beautiful city.Kathy Lin SchlyerClient Service CoordinatorSeattle, WA(206) 258-5019How do I help clients live a richer life?As a Client Services Coordinator at Brighton Jones, I support Lead Advisors and their teams by making sure the wheels stay oiled and keep turning smoothly with accuracy and integrity. Whether it's setting up new accounts, placing trades, or anything in between, it is with great reward to help clients achieve their personal goals. Having grown up with a family run business, customer service is in my blood. I am proud to be a part of an organization that prides itself on solid values and puts customer service above all else. I am a graduate of the University of California San Diego with a bachelor of science in economics and prior experience in insurance and trade finance.How do I like to spend  my time outside of Brighton Jones? Having spent the last ten years in Southern California, I am now staying busy by getting reacquainted with my hometown and other areas of the Pacific Northwest. You'll likely find me getting out of the house by exploring new restaurants, running, hiking, snowboarding, or discovering hidden gems in one of Seattle's many neighborhoods. Otherwise I'm staying inside with a craft or home improvement project, painting, baking, or planning for the next weekend trip. Most of these activities are enjoyed with my husband Chris and/or family and friends, old and new.Katie RandallAdvisorSeattle, WA (206) 258-5151How do I help our clients live a richer life? Professionally my greatest joy is helping our clients live richer lives by serving as their Personal CFO and guiding their financial and life planning needs. First I help our clients define what living a richer life means to them, then we work together to determine the best path to bring that vision into reality. Of course, life changes over time, so I ensure our clients’ financial plans continue to evolve with new priorities and dreams. A large part of my role is being a financial coach, in addition to a financial planner, which is one of my favorite aspects of this work. This, to my great satisfaction, is how I help our clients live richer lives.How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? The urbanite in me loves Seattle, but nothing makes me feel better than spending time in wide open spaces. My happy place is easily found on the hiking trail, visiting a winery or cidery, or exploring all the delights of my island home, Vashon, and I’m often joined by my fiancé Ben. In addition to Pacific Northwest wanderings, I treat myself to at least one trip abroad each year to keep my travel bug satisfied. I find satisfaction volunteering my time on the Ambassador Board for Friends of the Children in Seattle. I also enjoy listening to audiobooks and podcasts on-the-go or while cooking dinner. I’m inspired by the pursuit of passion and success, and how we all uniquely define those for ourselves.Kaycee Krebs, CFP®Advisor Seattle, WA206.258.5096How do I help clients live a richer life? By assuming the role of Personal CFO for our clients, my goal is to allow each individual to define what living a richer life means to them. No two client’s needs are the same, which is my favorite part of this job. I enjoy learning about each person’s unique situation and providing customized solutions to help achieve their goals. I feel strongly about fulfilling our role as a fiduciary, and believe that everyone deserves conflict-free advice. My goal is for every client to fully understand and have peace of mind in their plan. I received a bachelor’s degree from Washington State University and obtained my CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ certification in 2014. How do I like to spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? I enjoy taking advantage of all the great activities the Bay Area has to offer, whether it be a weekend of volleyball in the park, golfing, sailing, or wine tasting. I also enjoy traveling. My family is spread across the West Coast, so we try and meet up for vacation in a new spot each year. I’m passionate about giving back to the community, and am currently serving on the board of directors for the Sonoma Valley Mentoring Alliance.Keith BrennanBusiness Development ManagerWashington, D.C.703.682.1464How do I help clients live a richer life? In my role, I represent Brighton Jones as the first step in the relationship-building process. I enjoy getting to know each and every prospective client and try to truly understand what is most important to them, both financially and personally. Establishing a connection and articulating how our Personal CFO services can help them achieve their lifetime goals creates a level of trust that builds over time. Trust is at the core of our firm’s culture, and it’s how we help our client’s live richer lives every day. How do I like to spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? My life outside of Brighton Jones is all about family. My wife Maureen and I have two teenage boys who keep us very busy with travel baseball and numerous other activities. As beach people, we are blessed to have a family house in the Outer Banks of North Carolina, where we enjoy visiting with family and friends.Kelly Brown, CFP®AdvisorSeattle, WA206.258.5016How do I help clients live a richer life? As an advisor in our Personal CFO division, my role is to execute on the strategic plans we develop with our clients to reach their goals. I really enjoy being part of a team that helps address each of our clients’ individual needs. I graduated from Pacific Lutheran University’s School of Business with concentrations in finance and economics. While there, I had the privilege to play football under head coach Frosty Westering, whose unique approach to competition and self-improvement has greatly impacted my life. How do I like to spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? Outside of Brighton Jones, I love spending time with my wife Leia. as well as our family and friends in the area. Recently, we‘ve spent much of our free time tearing apart and putting back together our home in the Queen Anne neighborhood of Seattle—it’s been quite the undertaking, to say the least. When we aren’t swinging a hammer, we enjoy traveling and have made trips abroad to Italy, Spain, Germany and Mexico (for some winter sun!).Kenny BowerBusiness Development AssociateSan Francisco, CA415.653.8917How do I help our clients live a richer life?In my role on the Business Development team I act as the initial point of contact for prospective Brighton Jones clients. I get the first chance to identify how we can help you live a richer life and pass that knowledge onto our lead advisors so they can tailor YOUR plan to YOUR needs. Prior to Brighton Jones I worked in the bustling Bay Area tech industry and also in mergers and acquisitions. I believe everyone can benefit from the conflict free, objective advice a personal CFO can provide.   How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?I live in San Francisco and love spending time outdoors. On the weekends you can usually find me on the golf course or the ski slopes in Lake Tahoe. I also compete in long distance open water swim races around the world and frequently swim in the Bay, doing my best to avoid sharks and sea lions. When I find a spare minute I do my best to spend it traveling to new places and revisiting some of my favorites like Park City, Sayulita, and Paris.Kerry Schoepfle, CDFA®AdvisorPortland, OR503.594.7410How do I help clients live a richer life?As an Associate Advisor at Brighton Jones, I strive to understand our clients’ needs and provide an exceptional level of service while supporting lead advisors and managers. I am able to leverage ten years of experience in trust operations and retirement services to assist clients with complicated financial situations. I enjoy getting to know each client individually and providing them with personalized service to help them reach their goals. Raised in an entrepreneurial family, I relish the opportunity to positively impact clients’ lives.    How do I like to spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?I enjoy being active and exploring the beauty of the Pacific Northwest. Originally a native of Buffalo, New York, I take full advantage of the endless outdoor opportunities for running, hiking, and weekend adventures. Fitness is a passion of mine and my husband and I love to visit new cities to run half marathons. Travel adventures have taken me zip-lining in Costa Rica, whitewater rafting in Alaska, horseback riding in the Dominican Republic, and swinging from a trapeze in Curacao.  A self-proclaimed foodie, I enjoy experimenting with new recipes at home, as well as exploring the many restaurants in my new hometown of Portland. Any time left after pursuing my many interests is spent reading, listening to personal development podcasts, or planning my next adventure. Kory Leadon, CFP®AdvisorScottsdale, AZ (480) 353-2456How do I help our clients live a richer life? As a Lead Advisor I am responsible for thinking strategically with our clients about their life plans and ensuring that our “one-team” approach provides them with objective total balance sheet advice. I am passionate about fulfilling our role as a fiduciary and believe that everyone deserves conflict free advice and transparency in their results. I received a Bachelor’s Degree from Seattle Pacific University in 2000, joined Brighton Jones in 2004 and obtained my CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ certification in 2005.
It is my hope that I can help as many people as possible discover what living a richer life means to them!How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?My time away from Brighton Jones is often filled with travel. I love spending time with my family at our condo in Chelan, WA or visiting my brother in San Diego, CA. I have friends to see once a year in Hawaii, Bend, OR, Las Vegas and New York City. At home I can be found at CrossFit Scottsdale or on the golf course and when at my home away from home, Seattle, I enjoy sitting behind the Mariners’ dugout for an evening ballgame or cheering on the Seahawks or Sounders at Century Link Field.Kristi PanzaClient Service CoordinatorSeattle, WA206.258.5023How do I help our clients live a richer life?  Finance has always been a passion of mine and being able to help people on a daily basis with that inspires me. As a client service coordinator at Brighton Jones, I work on all aspects of the team and help navigate client needs while ensuring that we are delivering excellent service. With over seven years in the industry, I always find it new and exciting. I truly enjoy getting to know each client individually and how we can help them achieve their goals so that they can live a richer life. How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? My favorite hobby would have to do with anything around food. I love trying new restaurants and I especially love to cook. With Seattle growing as much as it is, there is always somewhere new and amazing to try. I live in Eastlake, so I also love to run around the lake any chance I can get. I have recently discovered how much I enjoy to travel and explore other cultures, and I am anxiously awaiting planning many more trips in the future.Kristie Garrett, CFP®Business Development ManagerSeattle, WA(206) 258-5064How do I help our clients live a richer life?It is my joy to genuinely understand the unique needs of individuals and families in reaching lifetime goals.  My role is to eliminate conflicts of interest by sitting on the same side of the table as our clients.  I am the concierge in the wealth advisory process, presenting our personal CFO approach and introducing an Advisor and service team to implement life plans.  With Brighton Jones, you have a multifaceted resource for financial issues from investment management, tax and estate planning, retirement planning, company benefits, education funding, insurance planning and beyond.  I bring a background in financial planning, alternative investments, and I am passionate about working with individuals and families to provide creative, objective advice to live richer lives.How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?  I live in Seattle, Washington with my husband, and two boys.  We are soccer fans, both of professional and youth soccer.  We love to hike in the Northwest, are actively involved in community events, serve on non-profit boards, participate in Boy Scouts and teach Sunday school.Laura TarbuttonClient Service CoordinatorSan Francisco, CA206.258.5022How do I help our clients live a richer life?As Client Service Coordinator I work with a close-knit team to ensure we are truly doing all we can to help clients live a richer life. This means developing a deep and long-lasting relationship with each family that I work with. Understanding where each individual has been, is currently at, and desires to be in the future takes more than looking at numbers on a spreadsheet; it means taking the time to have meaningful conversations and taking a genuine interest. I am proud to be part of an organization that truly “walks the walk” when it comes to doing the right thing for our clients. I am from Spokane, Washington and graduated with an MBA from Eastern Washington University.   How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? My husband, Mark, and I recently moved to the Bay Area. We love our new location, and spend most of our weekends exploring it with our friends. I enjoy reading, hiking, wine, traveling, history and a clever joke. I also have a Bachelor’s degree in Fine Art, and am very passionate about art education and helping kids learn to express themselves creatively. Lesley KalsoClient Service CoordinatorSeattle, WA 206.258.5027How do I help our clients live a richer life? As a Senior Client Service Coordinator I help drive the tactical execution of our clients’ overall financial plan. I love that every day involves different tasks - whether it is managing paperwork, reviewing estate documents, or placing trades -  I am working with our teams to proactively help our clients reach their goals. I’m always looking for ways to make our processes more efficient and deliver convenience to our clients.  As a graduate of the University of Washington, I received my bachelor’s degree in Psychology while working full time at Washington Mutual, where I spent 10 years delivering exceptional client service in a retail branch.   How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? I live in Bothell with my husband Tim, our adorable daughters Reagan and Lauren, and Bernese Mountain Dog (and first daughter) Lofa. Both born and raised in the Seattle area, we love spending as much time as possible in our beautiful surroundings with our family and friends! We love camping, hiking, and are huge Seattle sports fans.Liv Freeby, SPHRDirector of Talent ManagementSeattle, WA (206) 258-5021How do I help our clients live a richer life? As a member of our Human Resources department and a long time employee of Brighton Jones, I have the pleasure of working with talented people on a diverse set of projects. I keep the HR department running smoothly so employees can focus on providing value to our customers. Helping recruit and retain our team members is also a challenge I enjoy. We continue to build our base of professional, bright and diligent people to service our clients at the highest level. Each quarter, we recognize our new comers. And each time I’m so proud of this special set of individuals who make Brighton Jones exceptional.How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?While my work at Brighton Jones keeps me very busy and engaged, I can say the same thing about my time outside of the office. I am very physically active; play tennis, run and swim. We have two young children who keep us on our toes and focused on school and sports.Lori LansingClient Service Coordinator Seattle, WA 206.258.5051How do I help clients live a richer life?As a Client Service Coordinator, I support Lead Advisors in giving our clients the best possible service. Whether I’m setting up new accounts, placing trades, or keeping clients’ information up to date, every day is an opportunity to use my attention to detail and positive attitude to get the job done.  I am honored to be part of a company that goes above & beyond to help not only clients to live a richer life but also employees. Brighton Jones genuinely cares about its employees and encourages us to enrich the culture of the company with fun, wellness and charitable giving. In turn, as an employee, I am able to be energetic, well-balanced and ready to take on the needs of our clients. How do I like to spend my time out side of Brighton Jones?I enjoy exploring Seattle’s various neighborhoods, checking out its many breweries, and relaxing at the beach. Having lived most of my life in the Midwest, I am thrilled to continue experiencing the mountains and the ocean in such close proximity. I love to travel and enjoy visiting both new places and my beloved home state of Minnesota. I volunteer with United Way, both with Brighton Jones and personally.  I love spending time with my coworkers outside the office because they have become real friends.Lucas BakerAssociateSeattle, WA206.258.5078How do I help clients live a richer life? I help our clients live richer lives by working with them to achieve their financial goals. I have a strong passion for service, and I'm proud to be a part of a company that puts the client first. My mission is to enthusiastically serve clients, build a mutual trust-based relationship, and continue to further my education so I can help clients protect and build wealth.How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? When given the time, my fiancée and I love to volunteer both in our own neighborhood and overseas on mission trips. I enjoy getting lost in the woods on my dirt bike, playing in Friday night soccer leagues, and golfing in the sunshine.Madison AdamsOffice CoordinatorSeattle, WA206.258.5049How do I help our clients live a richer life? As the first face that people see when they walk off the elevator, my primary goal is to make guests feel at home. I love that I get the opportunity to set the tone for our clients’ experience by welcoming them into our space, offering them a beverage, and connecting with them. As Office Coordinator, I look for ways to infuse energy and creativity into all of the things I manage, from ordering supplies and healthy snacks to maintaining and improving the office equipment and facilities. As a member of our “People Team,” I get to foster our culture of happiness and wellness. I enjoy supporting colleagues in doing their best work and carrying out our mission of helping clients live richer lives!How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? I’m an avid runner and yogi and personal development enthusiast. On the weekends, I love going to my neighborhood coffee shop with a good book and my journal. I enjoy the unexpected conversations and connections made over a good latte. I’m also a foodie and love discovering hole-in-the-wall joints around Seattle and learning about new cultures abroad through food.Madison AmsberryClient Service CoordinatorSeattle, WA206.258.5075How do I help clients Live a Richer Life?As a Client Service Coordinator I work on the front lines, performing the essential day-to-day tasks and ensuring our clients receive exceptional and attentive service. From implementing new accounts, to placing trades and updating client information, I support the Lead and Associate Advisors to proactively ensure our clients achieve their goals. Fully invested in our clients, I am proud to be part of a firm that works with integrity rooted in every action. I love building strong relationships with our clients, understanding their needs, and truly being their advocate to help them live richer lives.  How do I like to spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?I love finding new adventures to embark on with my friends and family in Seattle. Whether trying new restaurants, walking through the markets, boating on the water, or sipping on my latte, I love to embrace everything this incredible city has to offer. On summer weekends I enjoy exploring outside of the city and finding new hikes with thrilling views. In the winter, you can always find me skiing in the mountains. More than anything, traveling is my passion! It’s my goal to venture off to a new country every year. I love experiencing new cultures, indulging in exotic foods and meeting people from all over the world. Every day is a new adventure and I am very blessed to experience it with the amazing people in my life.Maggie BatyClient Service CoordinatorSan Francisco, CA 415.673.3632 How do I help our clients live a richer life?  As a member of the client service team, I help ensure that all of our clients'​ needs are being met by facilitating the day-to-day operations of their relationships. Starting with setting up accounts during implementation to funding their kids' college savings plans, every day is an opportunity to help our clients live a richer life.How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? As a native San Franciscan and graduate of the University of San Francisco, I never grow tired of my beautiful city. My husband and I love relaxing in Golden Gate Park, having dinner at our favorite restaurants, attending shows and Giants games, and exploring the city with our friends. When we do want a break we love traveling north to Stinson Beach or the Russian River, or visiting friends and family across California, the Midwest, East Coast, and France.Marc AsmusMarketing Automation ManagerSeattle, WA206.258.5085How do I help our clients live a richer life?  I help people live richer lives, first, by enhancing our community's experience with digital communications. I have the pleasure of sending updates on our philanthropic efforts and invitations to events like educational webinars and golf tournaments.Second, I offer more people the opportunity to join our community and live richer lives. Via mediums such as organic search and digital advertising, I introduce new people to Brighton Jones and share with them how we can help.I relish the challenge of scaling our digital marketing while maintaining the white-glove service our clients love.How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? I enjoy soccer and beach volleyball. Playing recreational soccer has been a part of my life since I was a kid. Naturally, I also enjoy watching a good match. You'll find me cheering for the Seattle Sounders, L.A. Galaxy (sorry I'm not sorry, Seattle-ites!) and the U.S. national teams.As a recent California transplant, I still feel new to the area. I've discovered so many awesome things to see, do, and eat while getting to know the Pacific Northwest, and I look forward to discovering more. Each year I try to travel; ask me about recent trips to Peru, London, Kauai, and the Florida Keys!Mark Bernazzani, CFP®, CPAAdvisor Portland, OR503.594.7404How do I help our clients live a richer life?  My role as an advisor is to help clients articulate and build a plan to achieve their personal goals and objectives using all my knowledge, experience, and resources available. I strive to accomplish this by putting myself in their position and then providing them with my best advice. As an objective third party, I am able to ask clients the “tough” questions, which can uncover challenges they weren’t aware of, but once known enable us to build a more comprehensive plan. Working in our team environment I’m continuously learning and improving my skill set to the benefit of our clients. I feel fortunate to work with such a talented, dynamic, and energetic group that are constantly pushing and challenging me to improve. I love my role and the time I spend with clients as their Personal CFO helping them live a richer life. I am a certified financial planner and certified public accountant. I earned my Bachelor of Science at University of Idaho and Master of Business Administration at New York University. How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? My time outside of Brighton Jones is filled with family, friends, and trying to keep up with our two young boys. We enjoy family trips to Mason Lake and the Oregon coast in the summer, and skiing in Bend and Whistler in the winter. Having lived on the East Coast, I have a deeper appreciation for my time outdoors in the Pacific Northwest and try to capitalize on every opportunity. When time/weather permit, I enjoy golfing, playing basketball, and going on the occasional run (even though my body seems to no longer enjoy them).Mark Jansa,CPA, JDTax AdvisorPortland, OR(503) 247-9997How do I help our clients live a richer life? I recently merged my tax practice with the Brighton Jones Tax Advisory Group.  For the past 30+ years (over 20 with an international accounting firm and the past 10 on my own) I have worked with individuals and families to provide a high level of proactive, personal  tax and financial planning services. I wanted to bring an additional array of services to my clients, and I know the Brighton Jones team can help me achieve this. Having worked with Charles, Jon, and Eric Wikstrom during the 1990’s, I had no doubt that their firm would be a great fit for my clients.  How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?I have been married to my wife Fran for 32 years. We have three wonderful young adult children. They are all on their own, self-sufficient, and living near us (but not too close!) in Portland.  Fran and I are enjoying our empty nest years, enjoying our children, traveling, playing bridge, and working out at the Multnomah Athletic Club.Mark JonesManaging Director, Institutional Asset ManagementSeattle, WA206.258.5055How do I help our clients live a richer life? Living a richer life means something different to each person—it could mean more happiness, less stress, better planning, being proactive, or simply just having more money. As the managing director of our institutional asset management division, I enjoy helping our corporate retirement plan, non-profit, endowment, and trust clients live richer lives by finding ways to reduce costs, increase returns, minimize risks, and better prepare their employees for retirement. I work with my team to ensure we have the tools necessary to deliver on our promises and exceed expectations.How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? My greatest joy is spending time with my family and friends. My wife Meagan and I have two children and we enjoy spending time together, watching baseball, traveling, exploring new countries, being outside, and the occasional reality show. I also love spending time with my friends golfing (or trying to golf), sampling great wine, and smoking a good cigar. As a family, we volunteer at several local charitable organizations that focus on veterans, families, or children in need.Matt HowellAdvisorSeattle, WA206.258.5054How do I help our clients live a richer life? As an Associate Advisor at Brighton Jones, I work with our team to develop the most effective, efficient solutions to help our clients reach their goals in life. Having worked for a variety of financial services firms in the last 5 years, I am proud to work for a firm that eliminates any conflicts of interest and truly focuses on what is best for our clients. Ultimately my goal is to provide sound, objective advice, so our clients have the ability to pursue the things that truly matter to them.   How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? Outside of Brighton Jones, I enjoy staying active and spending time with my family and friends. I feel very fortunate to call Seattle home and enjoy everything the Pacific Northwest has to offer, whether its hiking, snowboarding, scuba diving, or just hanging out on Lake Washington in the summer. In the fall you can usually find me in the big city of Pullman cheering on the mighty Cougar football team.Matt Mormino, CFP®Lead AdvisorSeattle, WA 206.258.5080How do I help our clients live a richer life? I work as a lead advisor on our Retirement Plan Advisory Services team, helping businesses implement retirement plan solutions customized to their unique needs, and educating and empowering plan participants to take control of their retirement. My job is to listen to our clients and execute their vision. For plan participants, we drive financial wellness through education and individualized support.How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? Outside of work, my favorite thing to do is spend quality time with my family. My wife and I have two kids who keep us busy, and we enjoy getting outside whenever we can. Hiking and taking advantage of a local park are some of our favorite activities. With any time left over, I enjoy time with friends and volunteering for causes that I'm passionate about.Matt Patterson, CFP®Portfolio ManagerSeattle, WA(206) 258-5036How do I help our clients live a richer life?As a Portfolio Manager at Brighton Jones, I focus on developing and implementing strategies that help our clients reach their investment objectives more efficiently. I’m passionate about sharing our investment philosophy and practices transparently, and I feel lucky to be working with a firm so committed to eliminating the conflicts of interest and the information asymmetries that are all too common in the investment management industry.    How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?I’m so, so grateful to live in the Pacific Northwest because I love getting outdoors and being active. I’m up for anything outside – from surfing and snowboarding to backpacking and mountaineering. And if I’m not exploring the wilderness in the Pacific Northwest, then I’m likely scheming up an adventure abroad. I love travelling and learning about different cultures, and I’ve almost always got my camera with me.Matthew A. Camrud, CFP®Advisor Seattle, WA (206) 258-5070How do I help our clients live a richer life? As a Certified Financial Planner™ with over 15 years of experience working with high net worth individuals, I derive great satisfaction from the peace of mind that a trusted advisory relationship can bring to our clients. Whether assisting a surviving spouse after the loss of a loved one, providing guidance on the ability to retire, or designing a charitable giving plan that leaves a lasting legacy, I am incredibly fortunate to have a seat at the table when clients are making important life decisions.  I also serve on our firm’s Investment Committee.I hail from the great state of Minnesota and earned a BA in Economics from St. Olaf College (Northfield, MN). I went on to earn a Certificate in Financial Planning from Minnesota State University and become a Certified Financial Planner™ in 2004.How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?I am the proud father of two wonderful boys, Adam and Andrew, and the grateful husband to my better half, Christine. We live in Bellevue and make every effort to experience the tremendous natural beauty of the Pacific Northwest. We enjoy family-friendly hikes, trips to the Oregon Coast and San Juan Islands, walks around our neighborhood, and our annual pilgrimage to Minnesota to visit my relatives.Although wealth management is my profession, classical piano and composition have long been my avocations. As a kid growing up, I was active in statewide and regional piano competitions, taught piano lessons to a dozen private students, and was a commissioned composer on a couple of occasions. I do my best to remain active musically even with a busy family life.Meagan SwingleyAccountantSeattle, WA (206) 258-5046How do I help our clients live a richer life? As the accountant, I work to ensure that the accounting and finance operations of Brighton Jones run smoothly. I assist the Director of Finance with all day-to-day financial activities, and coordinate with the Advisory and Tax teams to process accurate and timely financial data. My role also involves developing, enhancing, and operations processes in an effort to protect company assets.How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?Outside of work, I enjoy perusing the farmers’ markets and small boutiques with my husband, attending a local sporting event while sipping an adult beverage and cheering the team on. I love living in the city and getting vitamin D on days that Seattle will allow it. I’m originally from Ohio but the only things I miss there are my family and lightning bugs.Megan Tahl, JD, LLMTax AdvisorSeattle, WA206.258.5032How do I help our clients live a richer life? As an attorney with an LL.M. in taxation it is my goal to use my legal and tax knowledge to simplify and streamline the complexities of taxation for high net worth individuals, families, and their businesses.  I hold a B.A. in political science with an emphasis in political economy from Western Washington University, a J.D. from New England School of Law, and an LL.M. in taxation from the University of Washington School of Law. I am a member of the Washington State Bar as well as the WSBA taxation section.  How do I help our clients live a richer life? As a native of Seattle who lived in Boston for several years I enjoy being back in the natural beauty of the Pacific Northwest. My time outside of Brighton Jones is spent with family and friends, experimenting with new recipes, reading a good book, or listening to live music at any of the amazing local venues in Seattle.Melanie Arena, CFP®AdvisorSeattle, WA206.258.5012How do I help clients live a richer life? As a CFP with over 15 years of experience, I work with clients to help them determine their goals as well as develop a plan to achieve them. I especially enjoy the personal relationship we have with our clients and sharing of mutual interests. I'm a proud graduate of Seattle University’s accounting program, where I benefited from a strong Jesuit education and service mentality.  I'm also a member of the Financial Planning Association of Puget Sound, where I stay current on industry practices, and Mothers in Finance, where I enjoy networking with my peers.How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? My free time is primarily spent with my husband, Casey, and our two young daughters, Avery and Allie. We live in Seattle's Columbia City neighborhood, where we enjoy walking to lots of great restaurants and stores and exploring our local parks. With most of our family in Portland, we also spend time on the road visiting them or hosting them in Seattle. I'm a former board member and president of the Program for Early Parent Support, and remain passionate about supporting new parents. With any remaining "free" time, we try to catch movies or plays (even if only at the Children’s Theatre).Mercy MasichaTax Client Service CoordinatorSeattle, WA206.258.5035How do I help clients live a richer life? As a client service coordinator, I work with the Tax Advisory Group to deliver a keen, thoughtful, and easeful client experience through the tax preparation process and beyond. “Living a richer life” manifests itself in varying ways; from tax return processing to client engagement, all aspects of my work are focused on supporting our clients in living out their unique definition of a richer life.How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? Outside of Brighton Jones, I spend most of my time enjoying Seattle, from its countless outdoor adventures to its vibrant city life.Michael Battaglia, CFP®, CIMAAdvisor Washington, D.C.703.682.1461How do I help clients live a richer life? I serve as the Personal CFO for a select number of successful families. We use a consultative process to identify where they are now, where they want to go, and any gaps to getting there. We help our clients enhance their existing wealth, mitigate taxes, prepare for passing assets to their heirs, protecting those assets, and giving to charitable causes. Coordinating these efforts allows our clients to spend more time doing the things they enjoy most.How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? I spend most of my time outside of work doing activities with my wife, Jill, and my son, Ryan. We love to travel and spend time at the beach and pool. When I’m not with my family, I enjoy reading, coaching youth sports, golf, basketball, and surfing. I volunteer my time as a mentor to underprivileged youth and also to University of Maryland business students who are interested in pursuing a career in wealth management.Michael WelkAdvisorSeattle, WA (206) 258-5066How do I help our clients live a richer life?I have worked directly with high net worth individuals and families for close to 25 years.  The experience and knowledge I have gained from those relationships has really helped shape my perspective on what clients need and deserve.  I have found over the years that clients appreciate the simple things we do for them as much as they value the complex financial oversight.  Going the extra mile, doing the unexpected, and being accessible and responsive are just a few additional ways I can help clients live a richer life.  We have exceptional collaborative resources at Brighton Jones to help address our clients’ financial needs, but it’s often times the little things we do that can make the biggest difference in people’s lives. How do I spend time outside of Brighton Jones?I live in Gig Harbor with my wife and three kids.  I spend a great deal of my free time coaching a variety of youth sports teams.  My life was greatly impacted in a positive way by many coaches growing up, and I feel it’s important to be a good role model for today’s youth, and help instill some of the life skills sports can provide.  I love the outdoors and everything that the Pacific Northwest has to offer from that perspective.  Hiking, golfing, hunting and fishing are my primary passions, but I love to watch a good western…preferably in black and white.Nicole BowersDirector of Talent ManagementSeattle, WA206.258.5100How do I help our clients live a richer life?I have the privilege of finding great people for the growing Brighton Jones team. With over 15 years of professional experience in the wealth management industry and a passion for connecting talented people with opportunities, I feel incredibly grateful to do work that I love every day.  I look for uniquely skilled individuals who help make our company a "best place to work" while providing exceptional service to our clients.  I enjoy finding ways to streamline and improve our hiring process while also making sure it is robust and relevant. I also spend time thinking about ways to keep our current Team motivated, engaged and excited to contribute.  How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?Although I was raised in Texas, I have always considered myself a West Coast girl at heart. I live in Seattle with my husband and two young boys who keep us busy with games of chase, anything sports or vehicle related, and reading stories. As a family, we also really enjoy impromptu family dance parties in our living room.  I enjoy the outdoors, all forms of exercise, traveling and unique dining and wine tasting experiences.Nik WeilerClient Service CoordinatorSeattle, WA206.258.5048How do I help clients live a richer life?As a Client Service Coordinator at Brighton Jones, I am in charge of assisting lead and associate advisors with the day-to-day activities of managing client accounts, while maintaining the highest level of customer service.  Whether it’s working with clients during the implementation process, executing trades or setting up reoccurring client meetings, my goal is to complete any task presented to me, by the advisors or our clients, with accuracy, integrity and strong organizational skills. Through attention to detail and dedication to our team, I help build trust and strengthen the relationships with those we serve. My Finance degree from Eastern Washington University (Go Eags!), complemented with experience in banking and wealth management, provide a strong foundation to contribute positively to Brighton Jones and our mission of enabling our clients to live a richer life.How do I like to spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?I joined the Brighton Jones team after relocating to the Seattle area from Spokane, WA in July 2014. If the sun is out, you can find my wife and me packing around our two boys exploring the many parks, recreation areas and farmers markets scattered throughout the area.  So it’s safe to say parenting is our number one hobby right now, but when I get time to myself, I enjoy late-season archery hunting, fishing trips to the Columbia River for sturgeon and the annual Chinook salmon run, working on my golf game, cycling to local breweries with friends, and cheering on all Seattle sports teams.Phil AlmonteSenior IT Administrator Seattle, WA(206) 258-5000How do I help our clients live a richer life? My role at Brighton Jones is to support all of the users with their computer, network and software questions and needs. I bring over 10+ years of experience in the IT field which allows me to help the staff support our clients.
I graduated from Pacific Lutheran University with a BS in Chemistry and worked as an analytical chemist prior to working in Information Technology.How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?I’ve recently returned to Seattle after living in the Philadelphia area for 12 years. Both of my sons are attending college in New Jersey with my oldest, Christopher, graduating in 2013. Peter, my youngest, attends culinary school and will be doing an internship this summer in Tignes, France.
I spend time hiking, biking and reading. It’s been fun getting to know the Seattle area again after being away for over a decade. I also enjoy spending time with my large family of 3 brothers and 2 sisters and their spouses and children.Sabrina Rosh, CFP®Advisor San Francisco, CA415.653.8912How do I help our clients live a richer life?As a part of the client service team, I get the opportunity to not only help clients clarify their goals, but also create a plan to reach them. My goal is to help clients reduce the stress around their financial plan and truly enjoy the fruits of their labor. At Brighton Jones we strive to help clients live a richer life and it is a joy to be a part of the team that allows clients to do just that. I graduated in 2007 from the University of San Francisco with a major in Finance and minor in Legal Studies; and received my Certified Financial Planner™ designation in 2014.   How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?Outside of Brighton Jones, I enjoy going to concerts, local festivals and spending as much time as I can with family, friends and my two dogs, Buddy and Olive. If I do find myself with a bit of spare time, I will most likely be found at the beach enjoying the beautiful California coastline.Sara PendletonClient Service CoordinatorSan Francisco, CA(415) 673-3632How do I help our clients live a richer life? As a client service coordinator I directly support our lead advisors and managers in ensuring each client’s goals are met efficiently.  I enjoy helping to make sure that the customer service standard is met each day and take pride that I am a part of an organization which holds itself to such a high standard.  I am involved with different tasks each day as no two clients are the same and I am consistently collaborating with different team members to help clients lead a richer life.How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?When not working I can be seen exploring San Francisco, although I have lived here for 5 years I am still discovering new things constantly.  I enjoy running in Golden Gate Park, hanging out with friends and most recently karaoke.  I am originally from Southern California and find myself at the beach down south to escape the cold San Francisco summers quite a bit.  My absolute favorite thing is to travel I try to leave the country once a year if time permits.Sarah ChenSalesforce  Business AnalystSeattle, WA(206) 258-5014How do I help our clients live a richer life? As Salesforce Business Analyst, my role is to find the most effective ways to leverage the technology in our arsenal to provide the most seamless and consistent service experience possible for our clients. I enjoy the process of taking a concrete problem or process and abstracting it to a few basic principles to get to the heart of the goal or purpose, and then using that to drive solutions. We have an incredible team of talented professionals here, and I am passionate about finding ways to help them do better and more efficiently what they do best: serve clients! How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?I have always had a love for the arts and like to stay active, so as a result I find myself dedicating a good deal of my personal time to such hobbies as competitive ballroom dance, choral singing, reading, cycling, yoga, cooking, and sewing and designing clothes. Best of all, I love going on adventures with my husband, anything from international travel to camping road trips to checking out a new store or restaurant.Sarah SchwanAdvisorSeattle, WA(206) 258-5041How do I help our clients live a richer life? One of the aspects of my job as a manager that I enjoy most, involves pulling together information provided by our clients to create analysis and deliverables that illustrate their current situation; we show our clients how we will work together to make intentional decisions that get them to where they would like to be. Brighton Jones has created an environment that fosters creative thinking and growth. I am proud to be a part of such a dynamic firm and to be actively involved in contributing to the experience of our clients. How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?Moving to Seattle from the Midwest remains one of the best decisions I have made. I enjoy everything the Northwest has to offer; outside of work I spend time exploring surrounding cities, checking out new restaurants with friends, and trying to wear my dog out on hikes. I love the contrast of living in downtown Seattle while still having such easy access to the great outdoors. Scott SchoenfeldAdvisorSeattle, WA 206.258.5056How do I help clients live a richer life?Life is the pursuit of quality however you choose to define it.  For some people personal finance is a distraction from the things they enjoy most.  Others immerse themselves in every detail.  For me finance is a lifelong passion.  I view my relationship with my clients as a partnership.  We develop and refine our roles and our objectives together.  At Brighton Jones we define quality and you live a richer life.How do I like to spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? Hiking, skiing, climbing, biking—I’m just about always outdoors.  I have a fantastic group of friends and family and we’re always on the move.  In addition to exercise I enjoy music, travel, and motor sports.  I’m a firm believer in making the best of every situation and squeezing the most fun out of every day. Scott LeberVice President of Business DevelopmentSeattle, WA206.258.5057How do I help our clients live a richer life?  One of my favorite things about Brighton Jones is our mission statement—that we use creativity, objectivity, and passion to help our clients, colleagues, and community members live richer lives. As vice president of business development, I have the privilege of leading growth and working with an incredible team that introduces our mission to individuals, families, and companies. How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? My life outside of Brighton Jones is centered around my family, friends, and the outdoors. My wife Christine and I live on Bainbridge Island and have two young and active children. As a family, we enjoy exploring the outdoors, playing sports, and spending time with friends and family.Shalonda Knox-SheltonTax Client Services ManagerSeattle, WA(206) 258-5028How do I help our clients live a richer life? I help our clients live a richer life by bringing over 20 years of experience and a wealth of knowledge acquired while working within the financial industry.  Having held positions within CPA, Investment, Wealth Management and Banking firms has given me a broad perspective on client deliverables and delivering exceptional client serviceI earned a B.S. in Accounting from The University of Phoenix and am a member of the Accounting and Financial Women’s Alliance. Prior to joining Brighton Jones, I worked as a Tax Staff Accountant and Manager. How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?I enjoy spending quality time with my family when not working. I live in Seattle with my husband Brian, daughter Tantanese, and son Brian Nikko.Shyanne RenderAssociateSeattle, WA206.258.5059How do I help our clients live a richer life?  As an investment analyst at Brighton Jones, I work with our clients to find ways to turn their personal and financial goals into reality—whether that’s figuring out the best way to save for college or retirement, or helping our clients evaluate the sustainability of their current life plan. From there, I work closely with our advisors to monitor the progress of each client's plan to ensure that both their immediate and long-term financial goals are achieved. I believe that the high level of devotion, expertise, and objectivity that our team provides to each client helps them live richer lives.How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? I’ve found that nothing beats a sunny day in this city. On a beautiful evening, you will find me outside barbecuing with friends, listening to country music, and enjoying a glass of wine. Some other passions of mine include yoga, hiking, reading, and finding new running trails around Seattle.Stan HallMarketing AssociateSeattle, WA206.258.5084How do I help our clients live a richer life?  I mainly support our firm’s Business Development team. We take an individualized and highly tailored approach to each and every new client to help them live richer lives. I see to it that excel data sheets and Monte Carlo simulations get polished and designed so that they can better be visualized as tangible dreams. My favorite part of my job is finding the right pictures for our client presentations—I love being able to add a personal touch and integrate our client’s personalities into their finances. How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? Outside of Brighton Jones, I usually split my time between playing banjo in my bluegrass band “Evergreen Shakers” and working on my Harley Davidson. I have played music for a majority of my life and have been picking a banjo for about five years. With a few recent modifications, my banjo case fits on the back of the Harley and can get me to the various gigs my band plays around Seattle.Steven HanksAdvisor Seattle, WA 206.258.5024How do I help our clients live a richer life?  As an advisor at Brighton Jones, I work diligently to provide our planning teams with accurate and timely information to assist in making objective financial decisions based on individual client needs. As an integral part of the team, it is my goal to assist our clients in living richer lives by allowing them to pursue their true passions in life.How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? Outside of work, most of my time is spent enjoying everything the great Pacific Northwest has to offer with my family and friends. Whether it is wakeboarding on Lake Washington during the summer, a nice run along the lake in the fall and spring, or snowboarding in the winter, getting out and experiencing all that life has to offer is what I enjoy most. When the weather is not conducive to being outdoors, my wife Merissa and I always enjoy a nice wine tasting trip out to Woodinville, or trying new restaurants on the Eastside.Tabitha WhitesellTax Client Service CoordinatorPortland, OR503.594.7413How do I help clients live a richer life? As a Tax Administrator I provide assistance to our Tax department throughout the tax preparation process. This includes collecting and organizing documents, as well as contacting clients to ensure the returns are mailed and filed correctly.How do I like to spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? I have two children that keep me very busy with school and various sports they participate in year around. When my kids are not playing sports you can find us spending time with family and friends outside. We also enjoy playing games or a having family movie nights.Taylor McEuen, CPATax AdvisorSeattle, WA 206.258.5039How do I help clients live a richer life?Prior to joining Brighton Jones, I earned a bachelor’s degree in accounting at the University of Washington in Tacoma and worked for over three years at a small public accounting firm serving closely held businesses, individuals, trusts, and estates. With this breadth of knowledge, I’m able to approach tax compliance and planning using different perspectives, addressing the many and varied aspects of a family’s taxes and finances. I also strive to build close relationships with clients to work as a team towards common goals. How do I like to spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?I recently purchased a home in Seattle, so I spend my time making improvements, as well as exploring what this amazing city has to offer! Reading, traveling, cooking up new dishes, and working out at the gym are some of my favorite things to do. When I’m not doing those, I love spending time with family or going out with friends.Tim Amen, CFP®AdvisorScottsdale, AZ (480) 353-2456How do I help our clients live a richer life? As a Lead Advisor, the financial goals and personal pursuits of my clients are crucial to developing a financial strategy that will relieve them of stress and allow them to focus on other aspects of their lives. I am truly passionate about what I do and strive to provide the best personalized experience to each client.
My main goal is to use my knowledge and resources at Brighton Jones to provide our clients with the peace of mind to live the life that makes them feel most fulfilled.
I have approximately 10 years of experience in the financial industry. I hold a Bachelor’s of Science degree from the University of Arizona, the Certified Financial Planner designation, and I have obtained my master’s in Financial Planning from the College for Financial Planning. How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?Outside of Brighton Jones, I enjoy spending time with my wife and two children. I keep a very active family lifestyle and you can find my wife and me hiking or swimming with the kids nearly every weekend. Our annual family trip to Disneyland is always a big hit. I also enjoy martial arts and reading in my spare time.Tom PrestonDirector of Client ServiceSeattle, WA(206) 258-5040How do I help our clients live a richer life? Our service teams deliver amazing client service experiences every day.  My role at Brighton Jones is to help them do this.  I work with the team to develop processes, leverage technology, balance workloads and identify talent to help us scale and grow our business; all while maintaining the consistently great service our clients have come to expect.How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?I have two young children, Lauren and Ruthie, who keep me and my wife Amy very busy outside of work!  When I’m not on a playground, attending a birthday party or being tackled in my living room, I enjoy reading, exercising, and having complete sentence conversations.Tyler HarveyClient Service CoordinatorSeattle, WA206.258.5074How do I help our clients live a richer life?As a Client Service Coordinator I am responsible for supporting our associate and lead advisors in the management of client accounts and providing outstanding customer service on a day to day basis through attention to detail, organization, and mindfulness when it comes to client onboarding and implementation, as well as continuing to foster relationships throughout the process. Having a background in finance has helped me add value to our team and build trust with our clients. I take pride in being part of a company that values the importance of building relationships and sets such high standards for client satisfaction.  How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?My wife and I recently moved to Seattle from Denver, but I am originally from Michigan, and I am a huge Detroit sports fan. When I’m not at work I enjoy being outside and staying active whether that means training for a half marathon, playing in any rec sports leagues, or taking the dogs to the park with my wife. Since the weather doesn’t always allow for such activities I’ve taken on a new hobby of brewing beer, which quickly balances any outdoor activity. I am enjoying exploring Seattle and I’m excited about putting down roots with a great company in a great city!Tyler MayfieldCOO and CCOSeattle, WA206.258.5020How do I help our clients live a richer life?  As chief operating officer, I have responsibility for all business functions at Brighton Jones. My role is to provide corporate leadership and create efficient operational processes to ensure the success of Brighton Jones as a company. Our people and our clients are paramount, therefore I am committed to retaining and recruiting the best client service teams possible and ensuring we always put our clients’ interests first. I oversee all the compliance requirements of the company, assisting our team in upholding the fiduciary standard and assuring our clients that the financial advice they receive is completely objective and the best fit for their financial goals—helping them live richer lives.How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? Time away from Brighton Jones is mostly spent with my wife and two very active children. Our days are consumed with school and sports, including swimming, soccer, basketball, lacrosse, and everything else that the kids are interested in doing. I love coaching and catching regional sporting events whenever possible. On the rare occasion that it’s not raining in Seattle, I try to sneak in a round of golf. And then when the rain is just too much, our family enjoys getting away to central Oregon or the shores of Hawaii.Val GrasparilVice President of TechnologySeattle, WA206.258.5000How do I help our clients live a richer life?  As vice president of technology, my role is to help improve operational efficiencies through the use of technology, as well as drive the IT vision and strategy at Brighton Jones. As our organization continues to grow, I ensure that we have the proper policies and tools in place to protect and secure our customer’s data. Having come from a management consulting background, I see my “clients” as internal Brighton Jones employees and our customers. With this perspective, I work closely with our client service teams to help them provide the best customer experience. How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? When not in the office, most of my time is spent with my wife and a very energetic toddler. I also love driving, riding, or racing anything with a motor and two or four wheels. My trusty steed is my 800GS, which I commute on year-round and has accompanied me on multiple cross-country trips. I also enjoy training Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu whenever I can. I enjoy motorcycles and jiu-jitsu due to the mental aspect, as well as the beauty that appears through the proper technique.Whitney JohnsonClient Service CoordinatorScottsdale, AZ602.674.7003How do I help our clients live a richer life? As a Client Service Coordinator in our Scottsdale office, I work in partnership with a number of individuals at Brighton Jones delivering exceptional service to meet the needs of each individual client.  In addition, I act as a liaison between clients, custodians and other third parties providing assistance, efficiency and ease while completing service requests or research.  I bring over ten years of experience working directly with clients and believe effective communication with clients and colleagues is vital in all levels of service.  Over the years I have thoroughly enjoyed getting to know clients personally while creating impactful relationships.  That being said, I have been given the amazing opportunity to be a contribution in the lives of others and helping individuals live a richer life.  I look forward to many more years of providing service and creating relationships with clients while hearing about their life stories, what they are passionate about, what they would like to create for their future and doing what I can to be a contribution.    How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones? When I am not at work, most of my time is spent with my two teenagers who are involved with football and music. During our free time we like to play Wii dance games, watch movies, and talk while enjoying dinner together.  I also enjoy spending time with or talking to friends/family, reading, music, volunteering and personal development opportunities.Zach OlsonBusiness Development CoordinatorSeattle, WA206.258.5063How do I help Our Clients Live a Richer Life?At Brighton Jones we take the unique approach of acting as your personal CFO; partnering with you by sitting on the same side of the table and eliminating conflicts of interest. This personalized approach affords us the ability to build a lasting relationship, centered on our clients' personal, professional and financial health. As a member of the business development team, I have the pleasure of working with and supporting a talented group of individuals who are dedicated to helping others live a richer life. My team goes above and beyond to ensure we're making connections with our clients at all levels. There really is no greater satisfaction than helping a client reach a state of clarity- allowing them to rest soundly at night knowing their financial well-being is in good hands.   How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?In my time outside of the office I enjoy any activity that gets me outside. Whether it be riding my bike, going for a run, hiking in the North Cascades or rafting one of Washington’s pristine rivers: I love the exhilaration and sense of adventure the outdoors affords. My girlfriend, Stephanie and I like to stay very active, and most nights we can be found walking Fremont or Ballard; enjoying the amazing views Seattle has to offer. Zach Smith, CFP®AdvisorSan Francisco, CA415.653.8916How do I help our clients live a richer life?As a part of the client service team, I help clients articulate their financial goals and assist in any way possible to reach them. Developing a financial plan is a deeply personal process and the output can vary greatly from family to family. Having a truly collaborative advisor to help will not only make the process run more smoothly, but also increase the likelihood of success. My favorite part of being a financial advisor is helping clients simplify incredibly complex decisions, present alternative options, and then set down the path that makes the most sense. I am thrilled to be spending my day assisting clients through these multifaceted situations with the full resources and support of Brighton Jones.   How do I spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?Outside of Brighton Jones, I will typically be found with friends making the most of living in the San Francisco Bay Area. Whether it’s enjoying the outdoors almost year-round, playing golf in the winter, or attending fun local events, I appreciate the many different experiences this area offers. I also jump at the first chance for travel and am always looking to try a new restaurant with an unusual menu.Stitch JonesOffice DogSeattle, WA 206.258.5000How do I help clients live a richer life?My job as the office dog is extremely rewarding because I get to spend the day with many different people. When I’m able to roam the office, I like to make the rounds and give everyone a nod; it’s my way of telling them to have a good day. There are times when being in the office is challenging, and when I need alone time on my pillow my teammates are very accepting. I notice that people smile a lot when I’m around and they tend to be friendly which makes me happy. I am a lucky dog who gets to help others live a richer life.   How do I like to spend my time outside of Brighton Jones?I love long walks, which allows me to smell all of the wonderful smells Seattle has to offer.  I enjoy a scratch on my belly and behind my ears.  If you throw me a water bottle look out – I can hardly control myself and will play with that for hours!  My favorite time of day is when everyone is home together.  I enjoy spending as much time as I can with the people I love most – my family.Let’s talkWhether you have a specific question, or you’re interested in learning more about how our approach could be tailored to your situation, we’d be happy to hear from you. Please feel free to be in touch in whichever way works best for you. see our services     
Contact Us - Brighton Jones                     Brighton Jones  menu    Let’s start a conversation.  Seattle 2030 1st Avenue, 3rd Floor Seattle, WA 98121 Phone: 206.258.5000 Fax: 206.258.5005 hello@brightonjones.com  Driving Directions Parking is available at the Market Place Tower parking lot (89 Lenora St.)  San Francisco 242 California Street San Francisco, CA 94111 Phone: 415.673.3632 Fax: 415.738.5459 hello@brightonjones.com Driving Directions  Scottsdale 4237 N. Craftsman Court, Suite 200 Scottsdale, AZ 85251 Phone: 480.353.2456 Fax: 480.240.1295  hello@brightonjones.com  Driving Directions  Washington, D.C. 1521 Westbranch Drive, Suite 410 McLean, VA 22102  Phone: 703.682. 1470  Fax: 571.222. 1000 hello@brightonjones.com Driving Directions  Portland 111 SW 5th Avenue, Suite 4100 Portland, OR 97204 Phone: 503.594.7400  Fax: 971.223.4704 hello@brightonjones.com  Driving Directions   General Inquiries    Let’s talkWhether you have a specific question or are just curious about how we might be able to help you, we’d be happy to hear from you. Please feel free to drop us a note or give us a call. And if you’re interested in speaking with a specific person, you can find them by clicking on the Team link below. meet our team     
Client Login - Brighton Jones                     Brighton Jones  menu    Stay connected.  Access Portals for our Tax Advisory and Wealth Management Clients The login links below will direct you to portals developed specifically for the type of service you receive from us, tax advisory or wealth management.  When you select the appropriate link, you will be redirected to a portal login screen and asked to enter your credentials. Tax Advisory Group Client Portal  Access If you have questions about how to access the portal, or need assistance with obtaining login information please contact a member of the Tax Advisory Group.  Login hereWealth Management Client Portal Access If you have questions about how to access the portal, or need assistance with obtaining login information please contact your service team. Login here            
About Us - Brighton Jones                     Brighton Jones  menu     Money in and of itself is not what motivates us.  It’s about helping people navigate the complexities that come with having it. For us, that boils down to understanding in detail the values, goals and personal circumstances of each of our clients.We knew from the beginning that there was a better way, and we set out to build a firm that set a new standard for wealth management. Instead of focusing on one narrow slice, such as investments, we took a broader approach, one in which a team of individuals collaborate across a client’s entire balance sheet. From investments to long-term strategy to tax and estate planning, our clients have access to the expertise they need when they need it.Our team shares the same philosophy and goals in serving our clients – and working together in the same office improves the quality of our process and the recommendations that we make. Planning decisions don’t get made in a vacuum, the strategy is understandable, and the ongoing execution is handled in a way that ensures nothing falls through the cracks. In the end, the entire client experience is elevated.We also wanted to eliminate any conflicts of interest. While our legal status as a fiduciary requires us to put our clients’ interests ahead of our own, our fee-only compensation structure underlines that commitment. It eliminates the bias that can arise when a firm is paid commissions or backend fees that come with recommending or selling products.In the end, it’s about creating true partnerships that thrive on transparency, accountability, and collaboration. Supporting every client in the pursuit of their goals, using our expertise to help them live their version of a richer life.    OUR SERVICES Let’s TalkWhether you have a specific question, or you’re interested in learning more about how our approach could be tailored to your situation, we’d be happy to hear from you. Please feel free to be in touch in whatever way works best for you. meet our team     
Comprehensive Wealth & Financial Management Takes a Team Approach                     Brighton Jones  menu      The smartest person in the room is sometimes a group of people.We knew from the start that it would take a team approach to deliver the kinds of financial services and advice we would choose for ourselves.Truly world-class wealth management services as we envision them should be just as dynamic as the world we live in. To us this means bringing well-informed experts to the table to share their unique perspectives, each committed to helping you achieve your goals.This team—your team—develops a personalized strategic plan that takes into account how decisions in one area of your finances impact the bigger picture. So not only do you get the benefit of some very smart people working together to get you where you want to go, you no longer need to wrangle a loose group of unrelated advisors with differing agendas.From short- and long-term strategies that take into account all aspects of your financial life; to investment advice that’s objective and tailored to your personal situation; to estate & tax planning strategies that are proactive, efficient and accountable; everything we do is centered around you.   OUR SERVICES Related Insights Portfolio Diversification Helping clients obtain peace of mind for long-term goalsOur own Charles Brighton discusses our “cash needs analysis” strategy in the Wal read more Common Client Questions Managing money concepts – how do we teach our kids?The school year has nearly ended, or may already have ended for your children. read more Investment Advisory Can your portfolio help make a positive impact in the world?Can your investments do more than provide for your retirement? Is it possible to mak read more See ALL Let’s TalkWhether you have a specific question, or you’re interested in learning more about how our approach could be tailored to your situation, we’d be happy to hear from you. Please feel free to be in touch in whichever way works best for you. meet our team     
Available Opportunities - Brighton Jones                     Brighton Jones  menu     Available Opportunities  + Join us So you’ve updated your LinkedIn, lined up your references, and decided to apply for a position at Brighton Jones. What’s next?Our hiring process is designed to do more than identify the right skills and professionalism, though it’s really good at that too. What we’re looking for is the right people. Because at the end of the day, that’s really what we offer our clients.What can you expect?Take a look at the available opportunities below. Submit your resume and cover letter, and be sure to highlight your unique qualities and the reasons you’re interested in working with us.Do you have something you want to tell us in addition to what’s on your resume? We want to hear about it!  Click here to submit a short video to tell us more about you.We’ll give you a call to talk about the position and determine next steps. When you come in to our offices, you’ll have the chance to meet potential team members, ask all your questions, and learn more about Brighton Jones, job responsibilities, and our culture.It’s a process that takes some time, but if this is the right opportunity for you, it’s worth it for both of us—we certainly want to get to know you, but it’s also important that you get to know Brighton Jones. View available opportunities.   Let’s TalkWe’re always on the lookout for passionate people whose interests and skills match our needs. If what you’ve read here intrigues you, we’d be happy to hear from you. contact us     
About Us - Brighton Jones                     Brighton Jones  menu     Money in and of itself is not what motivates us.  It’s about helping people navigate the complexities that come with having it. For us, that boils down to understanding in detail the values, goals and personal circumstances of each of our clients.We knew from the beginning that there was a better way, and we set out to build a firm that set a new standard for wealth management. Instead of focusing on one narrow slice, such as investments, we took a broader approach, one in which a team of individuals collaborate across a client’s entire balance sheet. From investments to long-term strategy to tax and estate planning, our clients have access to the expertise they need when they need it.Our team shares the same philosophy and goals in serving our clients – and working together in the same office improves the quality of our process and the recommendations that we make. Planning decisions don’t get made in a vacuum, the strategy is understandable, and the ongoing execution is handled in a way that ensures nothing falls through the cracks. In the end, the entire client experience is elevated.We also wanted to eliminate any conflicts of interest. While our legal status as a fiduciary requires us to put our clients’ interests ahead of our own, our fee-only compensation structure underlines that commitment. It eliminates the bias that can arise when a firm is paid commissions or backend fees that come with recommending or selling products.In the end, it’s about creating true partnerships that thrive on transparency, accountability, and collaboration. Supporting every client in the pursuit of their goals, using our expertise to help them live their version of a richer life.    OUR SERVICES Let’s TalkWhether you have a specific question, or you’re interested in learning more about how our approach could be tailored to your situation, we’d be happy to hear from you. Please feel free to be in touch in whatever way works best for you. meet our team     

Working at Brighton Jones LLC | GlassdoorGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled. Learn how to enable cookies.Brighton Jones LLCKeywordLocation CompaniesJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchView Allnum of numClose (Esc) Brighton Jones LLC Engaged EmployerOverview Overview 11 Reviews 13 Jobs 5 Salaries 4 Inter­views -- Benefits 9 PhotosFollowAdd a ReviewFollowAdd a ReviewEnhanced Profile Try Enhanced Profile Free for a MonthExplore the many benefits of having a premium branded profile on Glassdoor, like increased influence and advanced analytics.Get StartedChanges wont be saved until you sign up for an Enhanced Profile subscription. Brighton Jones LLC OverviewWebsitewww.brightonjones.comHeadquartersSeattle, WASize51 to 200 employeesFounded 1999Type Company - PrivateIndustry FinanceRevenue $25 to $50 million (USD) per yearCompetitors Freestone Capital Management, Cornerstone Brighton Jones, LLC is a nationally-recognized wealth management firm based in Seattle. Like a chief financial officer of a corporation, the breadth of our team allows us to provide advice across a client's entire balance sheet. We call it the Personal CFO ... Read moreMission:  It’s our mission to help people live richer lives, and that includes fostering an environment where great employees can thrive. We love what we do and know that the genuine relationships we build with each other positively affect our clients and their experience of ... Read moreBrighton Jones LLC ReviewsBrighton Jones LLC114.8StarStarStarStarStarRating TrendsRating TrendsRecommend to a friendApprove of CEOCharles Brighton and Jon Jones8 Ratings Jun 7, 2017"An innovative environment that's retaining its culture amid growth"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementCurrent Employee - Anonymous Employee in Seattle, WACurrent Employee - Anonymous Employee in Seattle, WARecommendsPositive OutlookApproves of CEOI have been working at Brighton Jones LLC full-timeProsMany companies pay lip service to the idea of employee well-being, whether that's measured in financial terms, career trajectory, or personal fulfillment. Not Brighton Jones. The firm has created an environment that provides you ample opportunities to interact with mentors, devise and assess career goals, and take part in training on mindfulness and emotional intelligence. It's a thoughtful and innovative approach to building a company culture that I believe is quite rare, especially for a wealth management firm experiencing rapid growth.What's more, philanthropy is a central theme in day-to-day operations. Employees are encouraged to take an active role in the community, share their favorite causes with their peers, and contribute to the decision-making process when it comes to where and how the firm devotes its volunteer man-hours.Finally, I've been impressed with the company's transparency around growth projections and hiring plans. While it can be difficult at times to gain insight into the dynamics of the firm's individual divisions, I appreciate the willingness of senior leaders to disseminate both their short- and long-term vision for the company.ConsI have nothing of note.Advice to ManagementMaintain the deliberate and multilayered hiring process as the firm continues to grow. As someone who recently went through it, I see the value in exposing candidates to individuals from across the company. It's a learning experience for the candidate as much as it is an evaluation for the recruiter. More importantly, the process is obviously paying dividends down the road in the form of cultural capital. Brighton Jones LLC 2017-06-07 17:10 PDT See All 11 ReviewsBrighton Jones LLC Photos Have you worked here?Share a PhotoSee All PhotosSee AllView Allnum of numClose (Esc)Brighton Jones LLC Interviews Experience   4 Ratings ExperiencePositive75%Neutral0%Negative25% Getting an Interview   4 Interview Reviews Getting an InterviewApplied Online50%Other25%Recruiter25% Difficulty   4 Ratings 3.0 Average DifficultyHardAverageEasySee MoreSee Less Jun 21, 2017   Client Service Associate Interview Anonymous Interview Candidate in Seattle, WANo OfferPositive ExperienceAverage InterviewApplicationI applied through a recruiter. I interviewed at Brighton Jones LLC (Seattle, WA).InterviewPhone interview first with a recruiter. Next step was to meet with two recruiters for an in person interview. Next step was another on site interview day. This consisted of Three interviews with two employees each.Interview Questions Ask me a nonconventional question about the company.   Answer Question Brighton Jones LLC 2017-06-21 14:13 PDT See All 4 Interviews Brighton Jones LLC Awards & Accolades+ Add AwardsTop 75 Corporate Philanthropists, Puget Sound Business Journal, 2017Washington's 100 Best Companies to Work For, Seattle Business Magazine, 2017 2017Top 75 Corporate Philanthropists, Puget Sound Business Journal, 2017Washington's 100 Best Companies to Work For, Seattle Business Magazine, 2017FT 300 Top Registered Investment Advisers, Financial Times, 2017Top-ranked RIAs, Financial Advisor Magazine, 2017 2016Washington's 100 Best Companies to Work For, Seattle Business Magazine, 2016Washington's Best Workplaces, Puget Sound Business Journal, 2016 2015Washington's 100 Best Companies to Work For, Seattle Business Magazine, 2015 2014Washington's 100 Best Companies to Work For, Seattle Business Magazine, 2014 2013Washington's 100 Best Companies to Work For, Seattle Business Magazine, 2013 2012Washington's 100 Best Companies to Work For, Seattle Business Magazine, 2012 2011Washington's 100 Best Companies to Work For, Seattle Business Magazine, 2011 2010Washington's 100 Best Companies to Work For, Seattle Business Magazine, 2010 2009Washington's 100 Best Companies to Work For, Seattle Business Magazine, 2009 2008Washington's 100 Best Companies to Work For, Seattle Business Magazine, 2008See MoreSee LessWork at Brighton Jones LLC? Share Your ExperiencesBrighton Jones LLCStarVery DissatisfiedStarDissatisfiedStarNeutral ("OK")StarSatisfiedStarVery Satisfied  Click to RateStart your review...orAdd a SalaryAdd BenefitsAdd an InterviewAdd a SalaryAdd BenefitsAdd an InterviewCloseOutline of two peoples' headsWork in HR or Marketing?Grow your employer brandGet a free employer accountCompanies to Explore Job Seekers Also ViewedcomScoreStarStarStarStarStar 267 ReviewsAmazonStarStarStarStarStar 15,863 ReviewsProtivitiStarStarStarStarStar 1,050 ReviewsMorgan StanleyStarStarStarStarStar 5,333 ReviewsBitTitanStarStarStarStarStar 101 ReviewsFidelity InvestmentsStarStarStarStarStar 4,715 ReviewsRussell InvestmentsStarStarStarStarStar 250 ReviewsDeloitteStarStarStarStarStar 18,661 ReviewsGrant ThorntonStarStarStarStarStar 1,336 ReviewsMoss Adams LLPStarStarStarStarStar 263 ReviewsMarriott InternationalStarStarStarStarStar 4,538 ReviewsUBSStarStarStarStarStar 3,693 Reviews Related Job SearchClient Service jobsClient Service salaries ($48k)Analyst jobsAnalyst salaries ($67k)Vice President jobsVice President salaries ($148k)Associate jobsAssociate salaries ($92k)Investment Banking Analyst jobsInvestment Banking Analyst salaries ($77k)Intern jobsIntern salaries ($33k)Financial Advisor jobsFinancial Advisor salaries ($47k)Summer Analyst jobsSummer Analyst salaries ($51k)Financial Analyst jobsFinancial Analyst salaries ($63k)Managing Director jobsManaging Director salaries ($183k)Teller jobsTeller salaries ($24k)Software Engineer jobsSoftware Engineer salaries ($84k)

Brighton Jones, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 2:15 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Brighton Jones, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Brighton Jones, LLC, a wealth management company, provides financial advisory services for individuals and families with substantial wealth and assets in Washington, California, and Arizona. It offers objective advice and analysis services in the areas of investment, estate, tax, cash management, and overall life planning. The company provides private client, family wealth management, shared family office, and tax planning and compliance services. Brighton Jones, LLC was founded in 1999 and is headquartered in Seattle, Washington with an additional office in Scottsdale, Arizona.


506 Second AvenueSuite 1800Seattle, WA 98104United StatesFounded in 1999



Phone: 206-329-5546

Fax: 206-329-8843

www.brightonjones.com







Key Executives for Brighton Jones, LLC




Mr. Charles Brighton CFP


      	Co-Founder and Co-Chief Executive Officer
      








Mr. Jon Jones


      	Co-Founder and Co-Chief Executive Officer
      








Mr. Alan Spragins J.D.


      	Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel
      








Ms. Varonica Stevens Ragan CPA


      	CCO and Director of Finance & Accounting
      


Age: 45
        







Mr. Mark Jones


      	Managing Director of Retirement Plan Services
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Brighton Jones, LLC Key Developments

Brighton Jones Expands Offering with Launch of Impact Investing Solution
Jun 9 16
Brighton Jones recently announced the launch of Impact Portfolios, a solution designed for clients and investors seeking an impact-oriented investment strategy. Developed to pursue outcomes that are good for People (social responsibility), Planet (environmental responsibility) and Profit (the economic strength of the business), Brighton Jones’ impact investment offering was created in partnership with investment managers who incorporate environmental, social, and governance (ESG) ratings in their portfolio construction process. A typical ESG portfolio will overweight companies that score favorably on ESG issues relative to industry peers, while underweighting or excluding companies with lower scores. The firm’s selection criteria seeks managers proactively targeting investment opportunities in areas such as affordable housing, community and economic development, renewable energy, climate change and natural resources, among others. More importantly, Brighton Jones has specifically selected managers with a commitment to shareholder engagement in the areas of environmental sustainability, human rights, corporate governance and other important ESG categories. Impact investing is a growing trend in the investment space that is based on the core philosophy of making a positive impact in the world while still earning market rates of return. Also known as socially responsible investing (SRI), sustainable investing and mission-based investing, impact investing gives shareholders the ability to harness the power of the capital markets and embrace a common mission, ultimately investing for a societal impact. Brighton Jones’ Impact Portfolios come at a time when there is increasing demand from investors for this type of solution, particularly in West Coast markets such as Seattle, San Francisco and Portland, where the firm has offices. The firm has provided impact investing strategies to interested clients in the past, but now has a formal offering for all clients of the Brighton Jones community.


Brighton Jones Moves Scottsdale Office to Meet Growing Demand
May 19 16
Brighton Jones has relocated its Scottsdale offices from the Kierland area to Old Town to accommodate its recent growth. The firm will operate from a 2,500 square foot, Class 1A office space, located at 4237 N. Craftsman Court in the Scottsdale Arts District. Brighton Jones will occupy Suite 200, located above Craftsman Court Ceramics. The new office is centrally located in Old Town, making it easily accessible for the firm’s clients living in both North Scottsdale and the South end. It is within walking distance of the Arts District, Scottsdale Waterfront, Civic Center Park, Fifth Avenue Shopping District and Western Spirit: Scottsdale’s Museum of the West.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Brighton Jones, LLC, please visit www.brightonjones.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























Brighton Jones Llc in Seattle, WA 98104 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Washington
» Seattle
» Advertising Agencies
» Brighton Jones Llc









Brighton Jones Llc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





506 2nd Ave Ste 1800  Seattle, Washington 98104


(206) 329-5546
Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Brighton Jones Llc is located at the address 506 2nd Ave Ste 1800 in Seattle, Washington 98104.  They can be contacted via phone at (206) 329-5546 for pricing, hours and directions.  Brighton Jones Llc specializes in Government, Sales Tax Issues, Sole Proprietorships.  Brighton Jones Llc has an annual sales volume of 5M – 9,999,999.  .For more information contact Alan  Spragins, Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel or  go to www.brightonjones.comBrighton Jones Llc provides Business Tax Returns, Individual Services, Charitable Giving to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Brighton Jones Llc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Brighton Jones Llc see below.





Business Features

PRODUCTS


Checking Accounts
, IRA Accounts
, Loans
, Agency Bonds
, Employer-Sponsored Pensions
, Personal Loans
, Short-Term Policies
, Municipal Bonds
, Bonds
, Employee Benefits



SERVICES


Retirement Planning
, Charitable Giving
, Business Tax Returns
, Electronic Filing
, Individual Services
, Short Term Planning
, Disability Income
, Installation
, Transfer Funds
, Investments


 BRANDS


Microsoft
, The Hartford
, Prudential
, Travelers
, Peachtree


 SPECIALTIES


Non-Profit
, Sole Proprietorships
, Retail
, Government
, Churches
, Independent Contractors
, Management Consulting
, Hospital Confinement Indemnity
, Sales Tax Issues
, Estate Planning



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (206) 329-5546
Website: www.brightonjones.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 20 To 49
Exact Employee Count: 35
Exact Sales Volume: 1750000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 5M – 9,999,999
CATEGORIES:


Advertising Agencies
Financial Planning
Finance
Professional Services
Advertising & Public Relations
Investments & Securities



People Also Viewed


TMP Worldwide


1008 Western Ave Ste 507 507 Ste Seattle, Washington 98104




Dpics Digital Imaging Services


1752 Nw Market st. #220  Seattle, Washington 98107




GMI MEDIA LLC


2211 5th Ave  Seattle, Washington 98121




Greenrubino


1938 Fairview Ave E Ste 200  Seattle, Washington 98102




Augustavo Burrus Advertising


800 Maynard Ave S Ste 400 Ste 400 Seattle, Washington 98134




Exclaim


2125 Western Ave Ste 302 302 Ste Seattle, Washington 98121





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Alan  Spragins
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AND GENERAL COUNSEL
Phone: (206) 329-5546 
 



Jon  Jones
FINANCIAL ADVISOR
Phone: (206) 329-5546 
 



Martin  Strelecky
PRINCIPAL
Phone: (206) 329-5546 
 



Mccarthy  Biss

Phone: (206) 329-5546 
 



Jermeny  Kiefer
DIRECTOR OF INVESTMENTS
Phone: (206) 329-5546 
 



Charles  Brighton
MANAGER
Phone: (206) 329-5546 
 



James  Harding
CHARTERED FINANCIAL ANALYST
Phone: (206) 329-5546 
 



Mark  Bernazzani
MANAGER
Phone: (206) 329-5546 
 



Tom  Preston
DIRECTOR OF CLIENT SERVICES AND HUMAN RESOURCES
Phone: (206) 329-5546 
 



Tyler  Gaspard
SUMMER INTERN
Phone: (206) 329-5546 
 



View More
 



















 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM

















Page Not Found - Brighton Jones































 










Brighton Jones



 



 


menu

 








Insights from  Brighton Jones 




Not Found


Sorry, but you are looking for something that isn't here.




test test test test>
find out more  
 

















Brighton Jones, LLC                                                                                                      - Seattle                                           , WA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



WA



Seattle



Investment Advice



Investment Advisory Service



                            Brighton Jones, LLC
                                    



 





















B 


Brighton Jones, LLC                                                                                                     
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2030 1ST AVE STE 300 SEATTLE, WA 98121
Get Directions



(206) 258-5000
www.brightonjones.com                                                                                   





Business Info



 Founded 1999
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $6,231,624.00
 Employee Count 25
 Industries Investment Advisory Service
 Contacts Charles Brighton                                                                                                        







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1999 the company has been providing Investment Advisory Service. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







B

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














Finding Flow - Brighton Jones                     Brighton Jones  menu    Filter By: filter by View All Topic:Planning for RetirementLife EventsLong-Term PlanningA Different PerspectiveCommon Client QuestionsFinancial PlanningInvestment AdvisoryOur NewsTax & Estate PlanningApproachCompassionLife Event:Year of Happiness and Compassion:articles:Portfolio Diversification:Executive Compensation:Retirement Plan Services:Charitable Giving:press:Complex Finances:Liquidity Event:    Home Featured Compassion Finding Flow“The best moments in our lives are not the passive, receptive, relaxing times … The best moments usually occur if a person’s body or mind is stretched to its limits in a voluntary effort to accomplish something difficult and worthwhile.” – Mihaly CsikszentmihalyiFind Your HappyEvery month this year we are highlighting simple practices that we can engage in to invite more peace, joy, and contentment into our lives. Why? Because our mission is to help people live richer lives, and we’ve found evidence to suggest we can all increase our happiness through simple skills that are easily learned and turned into habits. This month our focus is on flow.What is Flow?Flow is the state of mind that results from being fully immersed in an activity, so much so that we forget about time and the outside world and lose ourselves. Also known as “being in the zone,” it occurs when our minds are so involved in what we are doing that we do not have enough attentional “bandwidth” to monitor how we are feeling or listen to our mental chatter. It is typically produced while doing activities or tasks that require immense concentration and balance the level of challenge with our skill. Flow leaves us feeling energized, relaxed, and happy.Practice Finding FlowDue to its nature, finding flow consistently is not easy. The goal this month is to simply give it a try every day. Here are some tips that will increase your chances of finding flow. Find activities that you enjoy doing just for the sake of doing, i.e. for no other purpose than enjoyment. Then, eliminate as many distractions as possible and give yourself plenty of time for the activity. Finally, concentrate fully on what you are doing, not in order to produce anything or achieve a goal, but rather to develop your skills and master whatever it is you are doing.Would you like to receive our 2017 calendar, Year of Happy? The calendar contains mindfulness practices that will help you make 2017 a year of happiness and compassion. Request your calendar today. Back        





BBB Business Profile | Brighton Jones, LLC



























Home
 > 
Business Directory
 > 
Financial Planning Consultants
 > 
Brighton Jones, LLC














This Business Is Not BBB Accredited



                            Is this your business? 
                                Claim it now.








Brighton Jones, LLC



Submit a Review

































Brighton Jones, LLC






            Business Information
        






(206) 329-5546

Brighton Jones, LLC
17 years in business

        2030 1st Ave # 300
        Seattle, WA 98121-2130
    




                 WEBSITE
            





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 02/05/2007
            

                Business Started: 12/21/1999


                Business Started Locally: 12/21/1999
            

                Business Incorporated: 12/21/1999 in WA





            Type of Entity
             
            Corporation       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Mr. Charles Brighton, Owner
                






            Business Category
        


                Financial Planning Consultants
            




                            Estate Planning & Management
                        




See More Business Categories
See Less Business Categories












                    Licensing, Bonding or Registration
                
                This business is in an industry that may require professional licensing, bonding or registration. BBB encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.

                
            



See Less Business Information
See More Business Information


 








            Business Information
        






                    A+
                


                BBB Rating Scorecard
            











Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        









BBB Reason for Ratings


        BBB rating is based on 13 factors: Get the details about the factors considered.










BBB Reports On









Licensing









                        Licensing information is provided in the BBB Business Profiles to inform the public about industries that may require professional licensing, bonding, or registration. Better Business Bureau encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.
                    





Advertising Review









                        BBB promotes truth in advertising by contacting advertisers whose claims conflict with the BBB Code of Advertising.  These claims come to our attention from our internal review of advertising, consumer complaints and competitor challenges.  BBB asks advertisers to substantiate their claims, change ads to make offers more clear to consumers, and remove misleading or deceptive statements.
                    





Government Actions









                        BBB reports on known significant government actions involving the business's marketplace conduct.
                    





Out of Business









                        BBB reports on a company that is out of business for three years from the date the company closes its doors or ceases to do business.
                    





Misuse of Better Business Bureau Name/Logo









                        BBB reports on unauthorized use of the Better Business Bureau's name and/or logo for as long as the business continues to use it in any advertising, or for one year after the business ceases any repeated unauthorized uses.
                    





Bankruptcy









                        BBB reports on a business’s bankruptcy as long as the business remains in bankruptcy.
                    





Mail Returned









                        BBB reports when mail sent to the business was returned by the Postal Service.
                    
























Brighton Jones, LLC






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        






This Business Is Not BBB Accredited  

                Brighton Jones, LLC
            










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    



                        This business has no complaints filed
                    

















Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 

























 

















BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.
















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 

Women's Handbags, Jewelry, Charms for Bracelets & More | Brighton Collectibles






































Shopping Bag
Store Locator
My Account






 




More Ways to Shop
Americana Charms
Birthstone Charms
Charm Pens
Stopper Beads
Woodstock by Brighton


Top Collections
Pretty Tough
Ferrara
Barbados
London Groove
Newberry


More Ways to Shop
Graduation Gifts
Teacher Gifts
Corporate Gifts
Gift Sets
Pet Lover Gifts
Personalize


Top Collections
Meridian
Halo
Christo
Neptune's Rings
Contempo


More Ways to Shop
Brighton Your Bag
Travel – Going Places
What's In Your Bag
Brighton Your Way


Make It Your Own
Messages
Memory
Style
Seasonal Inspiration
Brighton Your Way


More Ways To Shop
5 Handbag Must Haves
Brighton Your Bag
What's In Your Bag
Madagascar Straw
Masterpiece
Travel - Going Places
Brighton Your Way


More Ways To Shop
Iconic Hearts
Sparkle
Mixed-Metals
The Blues Mix
Silver Jewelry
Layered Necklaces
Birthstones
Badge Clips
Brighton Your Way





SWEET TALK
Sprinkle your look withFUN NEW summertime charms.
SHOP NEW ARRIVALS





HANDCRAFTED BEAUTY
Exquisite artisan-crafted detailingwill give your style a worldly vibe.
SHOP FERRARANOVA COLLECTION






GIFT SHOP
GIFTS FOR ALL OCCASIONS





ARTISAN EMBELLISHMENTS
Add wearable works of art toyour jewelry collection.
SHOP THE LOOK





STYLISH SUNNIES
Get ready to soak up those raysin your perfect go-to shades!
SHOP SUNGLASSES





JUST ARRIVED!
See your new "must-have"styles for the season.
NEW JEWELRY ARRIVALS





BRIGHTON YOUR WAY
SHOP PERSONALIZED GIFTS




 

















 

 



 

 



 




New ArrivalsNew JewelryNew CharmsNew HandbagsNew Accessories

JewelryView All JewelryNew ArrivalsAnkletsBox SetsBraceletsEarringsGift SetsHair AccessoriesJewelry Note CardsEarring Note CardsNecklace Note Cards

Jewelry AccessoriesChristo Cuff StrapsChristo Necklace DiscColor Clique CordsColor Clique GemsColor Clique Ornaments

NecklacesRingsWatchesTop Jewelry CollectionsFerrara CollectionNeptune's Rings CollectionTrust Your Journey CollectionHalo CollectionMeridian CollectionInfinity Sparkle CollectionAlcazar CollectionToledo CollectionMarrakesh CollectionInterlok Collection



CharmsNew ArrivalsBeadsCharm BuilderCharm HoldersCharm Idea LabCharmsGift SetsMini'sSpacers

HandbagsView All HandbagsNew ArrivalsBackpacksCross BodiesGift SetsHobosOrganizersSatchelsShoulderbagsSmall BagsSpecial OccasionStrawTotesWalletsNew ArrivalsCoin Purses & PouchesLarge WalletsMedium WalletsSmall Wallets

AccessoriesBag Charms & FobsBag StrapsSmall CollectiblesSnap FlapSnap Flap HandbagsSnap Flap Insert



AccessoriesNew ArrivalsBeltsCasualChainStretch

EyewearHoldersReadersSunglasses

FootwearNew ArrivalsBoots & Mule BootsFlatsFlip FlopsHeelsSandalsWedges

Key FobsMen'sBeltsWallets & More

Small CollectiblesTravelWalletsNew ArrivalsCoin Purses & PouchesLarge WalletsMedium WalletsSmall Wallets

Gift Sets

GiftsClocksDesktopFragrancesFramesGift CardsIlluminationsTablewareVanity FairGift Sets

PersonalizeVideos















2017 0724 Pre-Fall 













NEW
Ferrara Nova
As summer winds down and fall quickly approaches, we’ve released new accessory pieces that let you segue from season to season. 
SHOP THIS COLLECTION














Artisan Vibe
Ferrara Collection
These luxe-yet-casual accessories with exquisite artisan-crafted detailing will give your style a worldly vibe from head to toe.
SHOP THE LOOK












modern classic
Meridian collection
Sculptural details and the world’s finest crystals are transformed in these classics-with-a-twist
SHOP Meridian collection












go lightly 
heart to heart Collection
Travel essentials  with ingenious featherweights combining elegance with ease.
SHOP Heart to Heart Collection








New Arrivals





jewelry
new arrivals 






handbags
new arrivals





ACCESSORIES
new arrivals














































Spotlight on Design






Go behind-the-scenes with Brighton's Design Director.
monica kostelnik, design director







Learn how Carmen Radulescu's love of architecture influences everything she does. 
Carmen Radulescu  






Ever wonder how a designer cures creative block? Kim shares her method.
Kim Cruser-Scott 



















Certona Recs 



































Be Social With Us



Visit Us on Facebook



Visit Us on Twitter



Visit Us on Youtube



Visit Us on Instagram



Visit Us on Pinterest







#mybrightonstyle






Store Locator













Subscribe to Brighton.com!














Contact Us
Help & FAQ's
Order Status
Easy Returns
Shipping Information
Charm Builder
Gift Cards
Lookbooks
Videos
Trending




About Us
Uniquely Brighton
History
Brighton Gives Back
Brighton Insider
Careers
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Global Citizenship
Events
E-Greeting Cards









Customer Care (800) 628-7687(800) 628-7687 Mon-Fri 7am - 5pm PDT



Brighton Retailers


©  Brighton Collectibles, LLC. All rights reserved.



























We're confirming your subscription now... oh, the anticipation!





Brighton Jones Wealth Management and Financial Advisory                       Brighton Jones  menu  We’re not just your wealth manager, we’re your Personal CFO. The decisions you make today—large and small—have a ripple effect across your future plans. Having a Personal CFO means having someone who can help you understand and anticipate the impact of those choices. Someone who will listen carefully, speak truthfully, and work proactively in pursuit of your goals. Our investment and planning expertise will help pave the path to your future, but we believe our greatest value lies in helping you live a richer life every day, starting right now.Explore these life scenarios to see what a Personal CFO can do for you.   Email us today—we'd love to hear your story.     Executive compensation We can help you make sense of—and maximize the value of—your comp package.     Complex finances Managing complicated investments, limited partnerships or multi-generational wealth requires a range of expertise.     Long-term planning “Time flies” is a cliché for a reason. Advance planning for college or retirement, or creating a succession plan, always pays off.     Liquidity event Maybe you sold a business or inherited money and you want some strategies to help make the most of it.     Life event Life is full of surprises—career change, weddings, babies, illness. It helps to have support in advance or in the moment.     A different perspective An unbiased second opinion—with no sales pitch—is critically important when the stakes are high and you’re very close to it.   Latest insights Compassion Know Your BodyDeveloping familiarization with our inner sense of self across all dimensions, emotionally, psychologically, and bodily, is essential for a sense of well-being. read more Compassion Finding Flow“The best moments in our lives are not the passive, receptive, relaxing times … The best moments usually occur if a person’s body or mind is stretched to its limits in a voluntary effort to accomplish something difficult and worthwhile.” – Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi Find Your Happy Every month this year we are highlighting simple practices that we read more Long-Term Planning 5 Reasons Why Pro Athletes Go BrokeLet’s stop pointing fingers at people and address the underlying issues.  Jed Collins of the Detroit Lions scores a touchdown against the Carolina Panthers (Grant Halverson/Getty Images) By Jed Collins After seven years in the NFL, I transitioned to a career as a financial advisor.1 The experience has afforded me a new perspective on the read more See ALL  Career Have a passion for collaboration, constant learning, and helping others succeed? Explore open opportunities at Brighton Jones. Learn more      













Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


