

Michael C. Brilley: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 2:59 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Sit Mutual Funds



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Michael C. Brilley  Senior Vice President, Sit Mutual FundsAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 0 Board Members in 0 different organizations across 6 different industries.----
Background

		Mr. Michael C. Brilley serves as the President and Senior Fixed Income Officer at Sit Investment Associates, Inc. and Clearwater Investment Trust - Clearwater Tax Exempt Bond Fund. Mr. Brilley joined Sit Investment Associates in 1984. Mr. Brilley serves as President, Senior Fixed Income Officer and Portfolio Manager at Sit Mutual Funds - Sit Quality Income Fund, Sit High Income Municipal Bond Fund, Sit Tax-Free Income Fund, Sit U S Government Securities Fund Inc and ... Sit Mutual Funds II Inc. - Sit Minnesota Tax Free Income Fund. Mr. Brilley serves as also the Senior Vice President at Sit Mutual Funds. He spent nearly ten years at First Bank Minneapolis, where Mr. Brilley served as Vice President and Senior Fixed Income Officer. His responsibilities at First Bank included management of over $2.2 billion of assets in bond portfolios for the Bank’s institutional customers, its own investment portfolio, and two money market mutual funds. Prior to coming to Minneapolis, Mr. Brilley spent seven years in the investment management business with the trust departments of the Merchants National Bank of Indianapolis and the Continental Illinois National Bank of Chicago. His experience includes both credit and equity analysis and the management of both debt and equity portfolios. Mr. Brilley has served as a voluntary Financial Advisor to various municipal entities and has spoken at numerous regional and national investment conferences. He holds a B.S. in Business Administration from Millikin University in 1967.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
4600 Norwest CenterMinneapolis, Minnesota 55402-4112United StatesPhone: 612-334-5888Fax: 612-342-2936
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
BSBA 1967Millikin University
Other Affiliations
Millikin UniversitySit Investment Associates, Inc.Sit Mutual Funds II, Inc. - Sit U.S. Government Securities FundSit Mutual Funds II, Inc. - Sit Minnesota Tax-Free Income FundSit High Income Municipal Bond FundSit Mutual Funds II, Inc. - Sit Tax-Free Income FundClearwater Investment Trust - Clearwater Tax-Exempt Bond FundSit Mutual Funds II, Inc. - Sit Quality Income Fund


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Sit Mutual Funds, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























    Michael Brilley | Sit Investment Associates Inc | ZoomInfo.com


Michael C Brilley - Wayzata, MN | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Michael C Brilley in Wayzata, MN


Michael C Brilley

                                                                           Intelius found that Michael C Brilley  is  a male between 70 and 80 years old from Wayzata, MN.  We have connected them to
                3 addresses,
                3 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Mike E Brilley
Mike A Brilley
Mike Clinton Brilley


Get Report Now

Age

Michael C Brilley is in his 70s

Michael Has Lived In

Wayzata, MN
Bonita Springs, FL

Michael's Relatives

Joan Weinand
Trust Brilley
Ann Brilley
Jane Brilley







Michael C Brilley



Zodiac SignTaurus



GenderMale



Professional Status
Senior Vice President at Sit Investment Associates Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Michael? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Michael, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Michael C Brilley
Get a Criminal Check on Michael C Brilley
Get a Public Record Report on Michael C Brilley
Get a People Search Report on Michael C Brilley


Michael C Brilley's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Michael C Brilley has lived as well as Michael C Brilley's phone numbers and email addresses.




Michael C Brilley Has Lived in 2 States
Minnesota Address for Michael C Brilley


2478 L******** R* 

Wayzata, MN


Has Lived In

Wayzata, MN
Bonita Springs, FL


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Michael C Brilley

(952) ***-**** - Wayzata, MN 
(239) ***-**** - Bonita Springs, FL 
(612) ***-**** - Wayzata, MN 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Michael C Brilley

m*************y@***.com


Get Email Report




Michael C Brilley's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Michael C Brilley's academic history.  Find out which schools Michael C Brilley attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Michael C Brilley received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Michael C Brilley Has Attended 2 Schools
Millikin University 1966 – 1968               Michael C Brilley has a Bs in Economics               
Southern Illinois University, Carbondale               1963 – 1966               Michael C Brilley has a  Business               


Michael C Brilley's Professional Information
Information regarding Michael C Brilley's professional history.  Find out previous places Michael C Brilley has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Michael C Brilley Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: Sit Investment Associates Inc
               Title: Senior Vice President
Company: Sit Fixed Income
               Title: President
Michael C Brilley's Experience
Title: Senior Vice President
               Company: Sit Investment Associates Inc
Job Details
               Sit Investment Associates, one of the largest minority-owned, asset management firms in the United States, was founded in 1981 by Eugene C. Sit with only four senior management professionals, a small support staff, two growth equity mutual funds products, and $1 million in working capital. The firm's managed assets reached $1 billion in just three years.
Title: President
               Company: Sit Fixed Income
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Michael C Brilley

 See Michael C Brilley's LinkedIn Profile



Michael C Brilley's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Michael C Brilley


Michael C Brilley's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Michael C Brilley's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Michael Brilley
Username Matches

                  MichaelBrilley
                  BrilleyMichael
                  Michael.Brilley
                  Brilley.Michael
                  Michael_Brilley
                  Brilley_Michael
                  Michael-Brilley
                  Brilley-Michael
                  MBrilley
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
M Brilley







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.
















Michael  Brilley's Phone & Address | PeopleByName















 
Contact
Login










 Home
People Alphabetically
B
Brilley

Michael  Brilley




People directory with over 600,000,000 names!

Record ID: 725521147Michael C Brilley2121 Garfield AveMinneapolis, MN 55405Age 72 (Born May 1945)(612) 871-3216Background Check - Available
Record ID: 725521148Michael C Brilley2478 Lafayette RdWayzata, MN 55391Age 72 (Born 1945)(952) 471-0161Background Check - Available
Record ID: 725521178Michael T Brilley933 Crespi WaySalinas, CA 93901Background Check - Available








 


 




1,379,043,021 total records available




Tweet





  Testimonials Read testimonials from real customers who already used our services. Read More

  Webmasters Earn 75% commission on every sale you drive to our website. Weekly payouts! Read More

   Mobile Version Visit us from your smart phone anywhere you are. Read More

   Recent Lookups Check out the most recent reverse phone lookups on PeopleByName.com Read More

 



 Home Mobile Version Phone Directory People Directory Remove information
 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Program About Us 
 Member Login Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Testimonials 
 Careers Product & Services Volume Discounts Site Map 




© PeopleByName All Rights Reserved. 2010-2017






	Briley Manufacturing, shotgun choke manufacturer and gunsmithing




















































                                                                Account
                                                                



                                                                    My Account

                                                                    My Orders

                                                                    My Wishlist

Login





 - 0 Items
                


















Phone 1-800-331-5718














Toggle navigation









    Briley Products 


Choke Tubes and Choke Accessories


Tube Sets and Accessories


Shotgun Accessories


Pistol Accessories





    Gunsmithing 


Shotgun Gunsmithing


Pistol Gunsmithing


Rifle Gunsmithing


Gunsmithing Request Form 




Choke Installation


Tube Sets

Mattarelli USA


Firearms


10,000 Other Items!


CLEARANCE















                                    Home
                                
                                →
                                Welcome to Briley MFG
                            






























































































Welcome to Briley.com!

What is BrileyGravity? It’s the big bang expansion of the Briley website that features an unlimited number of products! Expanding beyond the products brought to you in the past, BrileyGravity welcomes you to a new universe of being your “go-to” guy. We are connecting with thousands of other manufactures as we want to be your contact source for all sporting products. 

We are the company you’ve known for forty years, and you know us for commitment, service and quality. Now think of us for all your needs. So, if you can’t get what you need on BrileyGravity, you just don’t need it. We want to be that subtle force that always attracts you.  

Shop the best chokes on the market, browse and buy hundreds of firearms and accessories, all at BRILEY.COM . Thank you for your loyalty to the Briley brand, and we hope we will now be your one stop shop for everything shooting, hunting, and firearm related!





Location & Hours


Briley MFG, 1230 Lumpkin Rd, Houston TX 77043

NEW HOURS! Showroom and Sales: Monday - Friday 8-5 • Saturday 8-12
Gun Fitting: Monday - Friday 11-1 (no appointment necessary) 
Phone: 1-800-331-5718 / 713-932-6995











               










Featured Items





Briley Glock Slides
Price: $260.00 






Briley Soft Gun Case - Many Colors to choose!
Regular Price: $59.95On Sale For: $49.95 






Swarovski Z3 Rifle Scope
Price: $866.00 






Sitka Ascent 12
Price: $169.00 
Quantity:  




Pre-Owned Blaser F3 Super Sport, 12Ga, 32", 3", (G37290)
Regular Price: $14,750.00On Sale For: $13,500.00 
Quantity:  





Americase Four Barrel Skeet Set, FE off, 28" bbl case
Regular Price: $465.00On Sale For: $399.00 
Quantity:  





RAZOR SERIES - SLIM SHOOTER FOLDING MUFF - KRYPTEK
Price: $79.95 
Quantity:  





Beretta Performance Plastic Frame Shooting Shields
Price: $22.00 





Hoppe's Shotgun Boresnake
Price: $25.99 






Briley Neoprene Sleeve
Price: $39.95 






Benchmade 5500BK AUTO Mini Presidio 2.97" Black Plain Blade, Black Aluminum Handles
Regular Price: $240.00On Sale For: $180.00 
Quantity:  





Sitka Gear Kelvin Ultra Lite Jacket
Regular Price: $289.00On Sale For: $199.00 
















Customer Service
Contact Us
Order Tracking
Wishlist
Your Account


Store Policies & Info
 Shipping
 Returns
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security


Helpful Links
About Us
Employment Opportunites
Shoots and Shows
Friends of Briley
OEM Capabilities
How to Ship to Briley
Site Map


Follow Us



b
a
x
d
r



Payment Methods











© Briley.com 2017. All Rights Reserved. Site design and development by AspDotNetStorefront.


















BRILLEY MICHAEL C. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      BRILLEY MICHAEL C.
                    

•   MINNEAPOLIS, MN
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Brilley Michael C. is based out of Minneapolis.    WhaleWisdom has at least 1 13D/G filings in our database for Brilley Michael C..
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from BRILLEY MICHAEL C., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




brilley michael c.


3300 IDS CENTER

MINNEAPOLIS
MN
                                                        
                                                    55402









Recent SEC Filings




SC 13G filed on 12/27/2016











Current 13D/G Holdings


Stock
Sector
Shares Held
Market Value
Rank
Source
Source Date





Landmark Bancorp Inc. (DE) (LARK)


      FINANCE
    

      191,633
    

      5,290,987.13
    

      1
    

      13G
    

      2016-12-15
    











Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free






















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















Michael C Brilley, 72  - Bonita Springs, FL | MyLife.com™ Background Profile



































Search for your public page


First Name



Last Name



City





Search


*All fields are required
Already a member? Log in


















About & Contact Info






                    Photos && Social Posts






Reviews & Ratings





Court & ArrestRecords





Friends & Family












 MB


View Photos



 Edit/Remove

Michael Brilley
 Bonita Springs, FL
 Age: 72 -
								05/06/1945








AKA:
                                                Michael Clinton Brilley, Mike Brilley, Michael C Brilley, Mike Ann Brilley, Micheal C Brilley













Work Info








                                    Single






Unavailable






 Politics









Education Info





  Edit/Remove My Info

View Full Contact Info
- OR -
View Full Background Details







Reputation Score:
4.00/5




4.00

							        	
													(1 Review)
												






                                        Rate:
                                        
                                            Michael










Improve my Rating
                                                |  
                                                 Ask others to Rate




Ranking: 
Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD











  Edit/Remove My Info
Contact Info







View Phone Number









View Email Address, 
                                    
                                         |  Send message











27*** **** Dr


Bonita Springs, FL 34134







View Full Contact Details
- OR -
View Full Background Details








 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 4}} more
 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 3}} more



Summary:
                    
Summary:  

currently lives in  



Bonita Springs
, FL.


            Before that,  lived in
            



Wayzata
, MN.
        















About & Contact Information


Michael's Story




Summary:  

currently lives in  



Bonita Springs
, FL.


            Before that,  lived in
            



Wayzata
, MN.
        




Contact Information





                            This section includes information on Addresses, Phone Numbers, and Email Addresses
                        




                                                Recent Address
                                            
27*** **** Dr
Bonita Springs, FL
View Address


Past Address
24*** **** Rd




Wayzata
, MN
View Address


Past Address
24*** **** Ln




Wayzata
, MN
View Address







    Michael may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Michael's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                




View Full Phone, Email & Address Details





Work History





    Michael may have Work information - Check Full Background Report to see possible job history including what current and previous jobs, companies they may have been employed at, job titles, duration of employment,  and a list of their co-workers.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





School History




    Michael may have Education Information - Check Full Background Report to see possible education history including where and when they attending high school and college, and a complete list of their high school class list.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Properties




    Michael may have Properties - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known properties. This may contain information such as address, market value, purchase price,  and loan amount.


                View Full Background Details
            





Corporate Affiliations




    Michael may have Corporate Affiliations - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known corporate affiliations. This may contain information such as company name, job title, address, and time period of service.


                View Full Background Details
            





Licenses and Permits




    Michael may have Licenses & Permits - Check Full Background Report to see weapons permits, Federal Aviation Administration pilot licenses and Drug Enforcement Administration licenses for prescribing controlled pharmaceuticals. If applicable, you will also see Michael's license number and expiration date.
                

                View Full Background Details
            






Photos & Social Posts


Photos









ViewPhotos





    Michael may have Photos - Check Full Background Report to see possible pictures and photo albums found from social and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Social Posts





View Social Posts



    We did not find any Social Posts records after searching multiple government records, social and public sources. As part of your premium service, we will continue to search and notify you when we find new information.



    Michael may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Michael's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                





Reviews & Ratings





Michael Brilley's Reputation Score:
4.00/5



4.00

						        	
                                            (1 Review)
                                        







                                    Rate:
                                    
                                        Michael










Improve my Rating
                                            |  
                                             Ask others to Rate
                                            |  
                                            Write a Review




Ranking:  Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD

















Jeffrey Tinsley, CEO & Founder of Mylife.com

Personal Review









Reply










×
Showing balanced reviews improves the credibility of your positive reviews, so consider keeping them.Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
Yes
No








×
Your request has been sent.
Close









        Court & Arrest Records
        
            
            
                
            
        
    


Arrest and Criminal Records




    Michael may have Arrest and Criminal Records - Check Full Background Report to see possible arrest or conviction records we have found on Michael. This may include any DUIs, traffic tickets and outstanding warrants. When applicable, we may show where the crime occurred and provide details about the offense.


                View Full Background Details
            





Sex Offender Status




    Michael may have Sexual Offenses - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of any and all sex offenses Michael may have been convicted of and his current sex offender status if applicable.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies




    Michael may have Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies - Check Full Background Report to see local, state and federal court documents, sensitive legal information and any litigation that Michael may have been involved in.  We'll reveal arrest details like case numbers, offense descriptions, and booking dates, where available.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Family & Friends


Relatives/Associates




    Michael may have a record of Relatives/Associates - Check Full Background Report to see possible family members, friends, co-workers, and associates found from multiple government records, social and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Classmates




    Michael may have a record of associated Classmates - Check Full Background Report to see possible who they are and full classlists  found from school records and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Neighborhood Information | Information based on current address








Age








Education Level










Household Income








Estimated Home Values










Top Buying Habits








Top Interests & Hobbies



















A Full Background Report Includes



Find Background Profiles & Reputation Scores for Everyone in the U.S.



                            MyLife searches government, social & public sources to pull together all details in one place
                        




                            Contact details include addresses, email, phone numbers, photos & social profiles and more
                        




                            Background checks include arrest & court records, education & work history, personal reviews and more to asses anyone's reputation
                        



Only MyLife Helps You Improve Your Background Report & Reputation Score



                            Edit & correct your own Background Report to look your best to employers, clients, friends, dates & others searching for you on Google.
                        




                            Ask friends, family, employers & clients to review you to improve your public Reputation Score.
                        




                            Remove your information from sites you can't control to protect your privacy
                        



See What MyLife Customers Are Saying

                        "When considering new tenants, you should always
                        check and verify their background to feel secure
                        & protected. MyLife makes it easy"
                    


- Ron W.




 







Back to Top




















×
Send Message


Message sent
An error has occurred, please try again later...


How do you know this person?

Please select (used to notify recipient)
Unknown
College
High School
Junior High School
Grade School
Met on MyLife.com
Is My Friend
Related to Me
Mutual Friend
Work
Club or Organization
Religion Affiliation
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Found You Through a Dating Service
Found Your Service



Subject



Message




 Add/Track Contact
							







SEND NOW

















×


					Your message has been sent.
				











×
Help Michael build his reputation & public image 
Thank you for rating Michael Brilley
Please provide additional details to give people more insight into Michael's reputation. 



Sorry! We were unable to submit your review


                                        Please select at least one quality
                                    




Does Michael have these qualities?
Deselect all







Personal
Professional
Dating





 Smart
 Loyal
 Honest
 Good listener
 Humble
 Generous
 Fun
 Easy going
 Optimistic
 Kind
I would NOT be friends with Michael
 I would be friends

Is there anything you want to say about  on a personal level?
  (Optional)




 Responsible
 Hardworking
 Intelligent
 Collaborative
 Creative
 Resourceful
 Motivated
 Flexible
 Ambitious
 Articulate
I would NOT work with Michael

Is there anything you want to say about  on a professional level?
  (Optional)




 Faithful
 Respectful
 Understanding
 Funny
 Romantic
 Sexy
 Smart
 Passionate
 Good looking
 Good listener
 I would NOT date Michael

Is there anything you want to say about  concerning dating?
  (Optional)




You are responsible for your submissions, which must be true, lawful and not violate any person's rights. You agree to our User Agreement.







How do you know Michael?*

Friends
                                          Friend
Professional
Dating
Family Member
Neighbor
School
Club or Organization
Religious
Myself
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Other







    Post anonymously
?






















































POST REVIEW








×

                        
                                Two Ways to Improve your Score
                            




Correct and Edit your extended background details
Correct & Edit


Ask Family & Friends  for positive reviews
  Send an Email
Share on Facebook










×





























×





Search to Find Background Reports & Publicly Exposed Personal Details on Anyone including Yourself.
Are You Michael Brilley?


YES
See & control your exposed background info
See, Monitor & Enhance Your Background Report that People are Viewing.


NO
See public background info on  Michael 
See Background Report to Learn  the Truth about Michael .











×





Thank you. We received your vote.











×






GET AN ADDITIONAL PREMIUM REPORT ON Michael Brilley
Premium data contains highly sensitive  info such as:

Arrest Records
Wealth & Assets
Lawsuits & Liens
Licenses & Permits
Sexual Offenses
Corp. Affiliations




                            In order to access the sensitive info on a Premium Report today, an additional fee is required. Remember, you do not need to purchase a Premium Report to access the info that is available in Standard Reports.
                        
BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
No, thank you




THANK YOU FOR YOUR PURCHASE
Your Premium Report is now Ready
CLICK HERE TO SEE REPORT




There is a problem authorizing your charge on this card. Please try your card again or try another card.























Credit Card No.






Expiry Date

MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12


Year

                                                        2017

                                                        2018

                                                        2019

                                                        2020

                                                        2021

                                                        2022

                                                        2023

                                                        2024

                                                        2025

                                                        2026

                                                        2027

                                                        2028

                                                        2029

                                                        2030

                                                        2031

                                                        2032

                                                        2033




CVC 









BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
















×
You now have access to view Michael Brilley's Premium Background Report.

The information in this report is gathered from Government, Social & Public Records gathered from across the web.

                                    Access Michael's Premium Background Report
                                    









×
MyLife Protects & Builds Your Reputation


MyLife gathers up-to-date Government, Social & Public Records so you know what's public everywhere online and help you build your reputation for employers, friends and others that search for you here and on Google.
We recommended you:

Edit & Correct Your Background Report
Complete Your Profile Providing Positive Details
Ask Friends for Positive Reviews
See Who's Checking Your Background
Remove Unwanted Records You Can't Control










×
Review posted! Register to get reply alerts



New to MyLife? Register today for FREE.

Already a member?  Log in







































Name




Email

We respect your privacy


Message


Register to send your email

Gender

                                I am
                                Male
Female



Birthday


MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12




DD




YYYY


Must be 13 years or older to join


ZIP Code



Password



Confirm Password




FIND MY PAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy




See & Monitor All Background Info That's Public On AnyoneWe'll show you all background information, personal reviews and other details from government records and proprietary sources across the web, plus alert you to changes.
Edit and Add-To Your Background Info, Personal Reviews and Social PostsControl your public details to look good to employers, clients, friends and anyone who finds you online.
Send Messages To Get In Touch With AnyoneGet complete contact info on anyone. Send unlimited messages to make valuable professional and personal contacts.












×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Michael Brilley











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












�
Send a message to  Michael



Compose your message





































Your name




From



Message




SEND YOUR MESSAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy









×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Michael Brilley











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












Find Anyone:

Find Anyone:
A|
B|
C|
D|
E|
F|
G|
H|
I|
J|
K|
L|
M|
N|
O|
P|
Q|
R|
S|
T|
U|
V|
W|
X|
Y|
Z







COMPANY
About Us
Testimonials
Press
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
FAQs




SERVICES
Monitor Your Identity
Remove Your Public Profiles
Background Check
See Who's Searching for You
Connect with Friends & Find People
Manage Your Membership




DIRECTORIES
People Search




Visit us on:












                Copyright © Wed Jul 26 23:59:48 PDT 2017 MyLife.com®, Inc. |
User Agreement |
Privacy Policy
U.S. Patent No. 6,701,348 and 6,694,353








	            * The other websites referenced on this site are owned and operated by their respective companies, and the associated trademarks and logos are the property of those companies. Links are provided for reference only and MyLife.com® does not imply any connection or relationship between MyLife.com® and these companies.
	        



 







