





















Financial Advisor | Wealth Management | Investment Advisor | Bronfman Rothschild












































  








Contact Us







x














RESULTS: 
SORT BY:    RELEVANCE | DATE









Bronfman Rothschild
True partners in wealth for individuals, families, institutions, and retirement plans
Learn More About Our New Look


How Can We Help?




Accomplished Professionals





Owners of Privately-held Businesses





Wealth Transitions





Retirement Plan Sponsors





Retirees





Affluent Individuals and Families





Executives





Institutional Investors





Retirement Plan Participants








How Can We Help?




Accomplished Professionals





Owners of Privately-held Businesses





Wealth Transitions





Retirement Plan Sponsors





Retirees





Affluent Individuals and Families





Executives





Institutional Investors





Retirement Plan Participants











What Sets Us Apart?




Our Principled Advisors and Team
While we are legally bound by the fiduciary standard of care, acting in a client’s best interest is much more than matter of regulatory compliance. We build our business upon this basic tenet and have created a team of advisors and staff who demonstrate integrity at every opportunity.
Meet our Team











A Disciplined Investment Strategy
As a firm, we take a long-term approach to investment management, routinely communicating to clients that this is a proven strategy. The expertise that exists among our advisors, as well as the processes and platforms available to us firm-wide, help each advisor maintain a thoughtful, disciplined approach.
Learn More About Our Investment Strategy











Accessible Client Care
We take time to listen, learn, and understand, especially at critical turning points for each clients. We believe in proactive communication and understand that there is no substitute for having a reliable partner in your corner. We structure our service teams to provide ongoing support to each client while also drawing on the collective resources we employ as a firm.
About Us











Our Genuine Focus on a Client’s Needs
Understanding client needs and goals goes far beyond simple facts and figures. It requires a trust-based relationship, something only accomplished over time and through repeated demonstration of real respect for client goals and objectives. The collaborative nature of the relationship is manifest in the advice they receive; they know they have been heard.
Learn More in our Case Studies










News & Insight







Quarterly Commentary
July 14,2017

Bronfman Rothschild 2017 Q2 Review: “Supply and Demand”
Click Here to download this commentary in PDF format We do not often write about technical concepts in our quarterly…

read more







News
June 22,2017

Bronfman Rothschild Named to Financial Times Top 300 Registered Investment Advisor List
Rockville, MD, June 22, 2017 — Bronfman Rothschild, an independent investment advisor based in Rockville, Maryland, today announced that it…

read more







News, Press Release
June 20,2017

Bronfman Rothschild Unveils Brand Refresh as it Reaches $5 Billion in Assets
Rockville, MD, June 21, 2017 — Bronfman E.L. Rothschild LP, an independent investment advisor based in Rockville, Maryland, today unveiled…

read more







News
May 20,2017

Bronfman Rothschild CEO Neal Simon discusses recent acquisitions with Investment News
Bronfman E.L. Rothschild CEO Neal Simon shares his thoughts on bringing expertise aboard through acquisition in a recent Investment News article.

read more







News
May 11,2017

RIABiz Publishes New Interview with Bronfman Rothschild CEO Neal Simon
Bronfman E.L. Rothschild CEO Neal Simon discussed the company’s recent growth and strategies moving forward with RIABiz.

read more







News
May 10,2017

Bronfman Rothschild Recognized by Several Publications for its Growth
Several recent articles have noted Bronfman E.L. Rothschild’s strong growth, including Investment News, Financial Advisor IQ, and Financial Planning Magazine.

read more







 





















Bronfman EL Rothschild LP: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
























bronfman el rothschild lp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Bronfman E.L. Rothschild, L.P. provides financial services. The Company offers wealth management, financial planning, retirement advisory and consulting, and insurance services. Bronfman E.L. Rothschild serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

10 Terrace Court
Suite 103
Madison, WI 53718
United States


Phone:
1-888-303-2357


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.belr.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Hoyt R Stastney


Chief Compliance Ofcr/General Counsel







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































﻿






























Caterpillar, Inc. (CAT) Stake Cut by Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. - Stock Observer













































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Caterpillar Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Caterpillar Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

Ruth’s Hospitality Group (RUTH) Receives News Impact Score of 0.30
SAP SE (SAP) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds
SVB Financial Group (SIVB) Earns Media Sentiment Rating of 0.22
T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. (TROW) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $1.15 Billion
Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Starz Acquisition (STRZA) Share Price
Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Impact SuperCom (SPCB) Stock Price
Zacks: Brokerages Expect Marriot Vacations Worldwide Corporation (VAC) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $489.22 Million
Assurant, Inc. (AIZ) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.61 Billion
Synchrony Financial (SYF) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.10
Burgundy Asset Management Ltd. Has $1,362,000 Stake in The Kraft Heinz Company (KHC)
Caterpillar, Inc. (CAT) Stake Cut by Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P.
General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Sold by Nichols & Pratt Advisers LLP MA
NextEra Energy, Inc. (NEE) Shares Bought by Rational Advisors LLC
Eagle Global Advisors LLC Raises Position in Citigroup Inc. (C)
Arcus Capital Partners LLC Holds Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT)
Windsor Financial Group LLC Decreases Position in Duke Energy Corporation (DUK)
Mandatum Life Insurance Co Ltd Has $1.08 Million Position in Mondelez International, Inc. (MDLZ)
Argent Trust Co Increases Position in United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS)
Southern Company (The) (SO) Shares Sold by Palladium Partners LLC
Pettee Investors Inc. Continues to Hold Position in American Express Company (AXP)



 


Caterpillar, Inc. (CAT) Stake Cut by Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P.

					Posted by Francis Steltz on Jul 20th, 2017 // No Comments 



Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. decreased its position in  Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT) by 6.8% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  owned 4,400 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 322 shares during the period. Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P.’s holdings in Caterpillar were worth $408,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Several other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in CAT. Howe & Rusling Inc. increased its stake in shares of  Caterpillar by 52.0% in the first quarter. Howe & Rusling Inc. now owns 1,087 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $101,000 after buying an additional 372 shares in the last quarter.  First Personal Financial Services increased its stake in shares of  Caterpillar by 167.4% in the first quarter. First Personal Financial Services now owns 1,198 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $111,000 after buying an additional 750 shares in the last quarter.  Financial Architects Inc increased its stake in shares of  Caterpillar by 5.7% in the first quarter. Financial Architects Inc now owns 1,215 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $113,000 after buying an additional 65 shares in the last quarter.  Advantage Investment Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of  Caterpillar during the fourth quarter worth about $125,000.  Finally, Ledyard National Bank increased its stake in shares of  Caterpillar by 145.7% in the first quarter. Ledyard National Bank now owns 1,425 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $132,000 after buying an additional 845 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own  70.70% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Caterpillar Inc. alerts:



Shares of Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT) traded down 0.49% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $107.32. 3,759,740 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $106.27 and a 200-day moving average of $99.00. Caterpillar, Inc. has a one year low of $78.34 and a one year high of $110.00. The stock’s market cap is $63.22 billion.  Caterpillar also was the recipient of some unusual options trading activity on Monday. Investors  bought  37,848 call options on the stock. This represents an increase of 377% compared to the typical daily volume of 7,942 call options.




Caterpillar (NYSE:CAT) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The industrial products company reported $1.28 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.62 by $0.66. The firm had revenue of $9.82 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $9.27 billion. Caterpillar had a negative net margin of 0.38% and a positive return on equity of 16.46%. The company’s revenue was up 3.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the firm earned $0.67 EPS.  On average, equities research analysts anticipate that  Caterpillar, Inc. will post $4.27 earnings per share for the current year. 
The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Saturday, August 19th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, July 20th will be issued a $0.78 dividend. This is an increase from Caterpillar’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.77. This represents a $3.12 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.91%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, July 18th. Caterpillar’s payout ratio is currently -1,155.51%. 
WARNING: “Caterpillar, Inc. (CAT) Stake Cut by Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P.” was originally  reported by Stock Observer and is the property of of Stock Observer. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/20/bronfman-e-l-rothschild-l-p-has-408000-position-in-caterpillar-inc-cat-updated.html. 
A number of equities research analysts have weighed in on CAT shares. UBS AG  reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a $102.00 target price (up previously from $98.00) on shares of Caterpillar in a report on Friday, April 28th. Vetr downgraded Caterpillar from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $89.96 target price on the stock. in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Axiom Securities  reaffirmed a “sell” rating on shares of Caterpillar in a report on Tuesday, June 6th. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) raised Caterpillar from a “buy” rating to a “conviction-buy” rating and set a $120.00 target price on the stock in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. Finally, Royal Bank Of Canada  reissued a “hold” rating and set a $101.00 price objective on shares of Caterpillar in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have assigned  a hold rating, eleven have issued  a buy rating and one  has issued  a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock  has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $97.72.
Caterpillar Company Profile








Receive News & Ratings for Caterpillar Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Caterpillar Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Ruth’s Hospitality Group  Receives News Impact Score of 0.30





SAP SE  Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds





T. Rowe Price Group, Inc.  Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $1.15 Billion





SVB Financial Group  Earns Media Sentiment Rating of 0.22





Zacks: Brokerages Expect Marriot Vacations Worldwide Corporation  Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $489.22 Million





Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Impact SuperCom  Stock Price






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 









































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












﻿





























Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. Has $633,000 Position in Mondelez International, Inc. (MDLZ) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Mondelez International Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Mondelez International Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Wellington Management Group LLP Has $2.64 Million Position in Oasis Petroleum Inc. (OAS)
Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. Has $633,000 Position in Mondelez International, Inc. (MDLZ)
Progress Software Corporation (PRGS) Position Decreased by Alliancebernstein L.P.
Zacks: Analysts Expect Infinera Corporation (INFN) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.23 Per Share
Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Kirkland’s, Inc. (KIRK) Will Post Earnings of -$0.28 Per Share
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) Shares Bought by Thompson Davis & CO. Inc.
Holderness Investments Co. Acquires 9,202 Shares of UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH)
COMSCORE, Inc. (SCOR) Shares Sold by Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC
Calavo Growers, Inc. (NASDAQ:CVGW) Stake Increased by Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC
Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Increases Position in Ascent Capital Group, Inc. (ASCMA)
Parker Drilling Company (NYSE:PKD) Shares Bought by Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC
Momenta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (MNTA) Shares Sold by Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC
Ares Management L.P. (NYSE:ARES) Stock Rating Upgraded by BidaskClub
Ameriprise Financial Inc. Boosts Position in Arbor Realty Trust (NYSE:ABR)
Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Atwood Oceanics, Inc. (NYSE:ATW) to Hold
Imperial Oil Ltd (NYSEMKT:IMO) Position Cut by Ameriprise Financial Inc.
Lawson Products, Inc. (NASDAQ:LAWS) Position Raised by Wells Fargo & Company MN
NorthWestern Corporation (NYSE:NWE) Downgraded by Credit Suisse Group to “Underperform”
Ameriprise Financial Inc. Has $152,000 Stake in Ecopetrol S.A. (EC)
BidaskClub Lowers American International Group, Inc. (AIG) to Sell







Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. Has $633,000 Position in Mondelez International, Inc. (MDLZ)


					Posted by Joanna Charbonneau on Jul 26th, 2017 // No Comments




Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. increased its stake in  Mondelez International, Inc. (NASDAQ:MDLZ) by 1.9% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor  owned 14,705 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 268 shares during the period. Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P.’s holdings in Mondelez International were worth $633,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in MDLZ. Alyeska Investment Group L.P. acquired a new stake in shares of  Mondelez International during the fourth quarter valued at about $49,037,000.  Sciencast Management LP purchased a new stake in  Mondelez International during the fourth quarter worth $480,000.  GLG LLC raised its stake in  Mondelez International by 168.2% in the fourth quarter. GLG LLC now owns 167,337 shares of the company’s stock worth $7,418,000 after buying an additional 104,938 shares during the period.  Soros Fund Management LLC raised its stake in  Mondelez International by 48.4% in the fourth quarter. Soros Fund Management LLC now owns 460,031 shares of the company’s stock worth $20,393,000 after buying an additional 150,000 shares during the period.  Finally, Seven Eight Capital LP purchased a new stake in  Mondelez International during the fourth quarter worth $1,428,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  76.10% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Mondelez International Inc. alerts:



Mondelez International, Inc. (NASDAQ:MDLZ) opened at 44.24 on Wednesday. The company’s 50 day moving average is $44.48 and its 200 day moving average is $44.57. Mondelez International, Inc. has a one year low of $40.50 and a one year high of $47.23. The stock has a market cap of $67.12 billion, a PE ratio of 39.96 and a beta of 1.19. 





Mondelez International (NASDAQ:MDLZ) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The company reported $0.53 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.50 by $0.03. The firm had revenue of $6.41 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $6.37 billion. Mondelez International had a net margin of 6.70% and a return on equity of 11.58%.  On average, equities research analysts expect that  Mondelez International, Inc. will post $2.12 EPS for the current year. 
The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, July 13th. Investors of record on Friday, June 30th were paid a $0.19 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Wednesday, June 28th. This represents a $0.76 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.72%. Mondelez International’s dividend payout ratio  is currently 68.47%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/26/bronfman-e-l-rothschild-l-p-boosts-stake-in-mondelez-international-inc-mdlz-updated.html. 
A number of equities analysts have commented on the stock. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) upgraded shares of Mondelez International from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their target price for the stock from $49.00 to $52.00 in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Mondelez International from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. TheStreet upgraded shares of Mondelez International from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 26th. Deutsche Bank AG upgraded shares of Mondelez International from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their target price for the stock from $49.00 to $51.00 in a research note on Wednesday, May 3rd. Finally, Credit Suisse Group  reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $50.00 price objective on shares of Mondelez International in a research note on Wednesday, May 3rd. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating, eight have issued  a buy rating and one  has issued  a strong buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $49.92.
In related news, EVP Robin S. Hargrove sold 6,000 shares of Mondelez International stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $44.87, for a total value of $269,220.00. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 14,663 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $657,928.81. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, Director Trian Fund Management, L.P. sold 1,731,410 shares of Mondelez International stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $44.71, for a total value of $77,411,341.10. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own  3.60% of the company’s stock. 
Mondelez International Company Profile
Mondelez International, Inc is a snack company. The Company manufactures and markets snack food and beverage products for consumers. It operates through four segments: Latin America, Asia, Middle East, and Africa (AMEA), Europe and North America. As of December 31, 2016, its brands spanned five product categories: Biscuits (including cookies, crackers and salted snacks); Chocolate; Gum and candy; Beverages (including coffee and powdered beverages), and Cheese and grocery.







Receive News & Ratings for Mondelez International Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mondelez International Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 




















































Donaldson Company, Inc. (NYSE:DCI) Shares Sold by Broderick Brian C | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Donaldson Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Donaldson Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Unilever PLC (NYSE:UL) Position Increased by Broderick Brian C					

Black Hills Corporation (BKH) Stake Maintained by Broderick Brian C					

Broderick Brian C Acquires 40 Shares of Illumina, Inc. (ILMN)					

Broderick Brian C Purchases 868 Shares of Canadian National Railway Company (CNI)					

Donaldson Company, Inc. (NYSE:DCI) Shares Sold by Broderick Brian C					

Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc. Has $2.02 Million Stake in Core Laboratories N.V. (NYSE:CLB)					

Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc. Boosts Stake in Edwards Lifesciences Corporation (EW)					

Page Arthur B Sells 70 Shares of McCormick & Company, Incorporated (NYSE:MKC)					

Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc. Continues to Hold Position in Roper Technologies, Inc. (ROP)					

Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc. Raises Stake in Eaton Vance Corporation (EV)					

ICON PLC (NASDAQ:ICLR) Position Raised by Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc.					

Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc. Purchases 5,915 Shares of AptarGroup, Inc. (NYSE:ATR)					

Invuity (IVTY) versus Unilife Corp (UNIS) Financial Analysis					

Critical Survey: Flamel Technologies (AVDL) versus Acura Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ACUR)					

Comparing UNS Energy Corp (UNS) and NRG Yield (NYLD)					

Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (NYSE:SWK) Stake Maintained by Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc.					

ABB Ltd (ABB) Position Maintained by Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc.					

Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc. Lowers Stake in National Fuel Gas Company (NYSE:NFG)					

Page Arthur B Raises Stake in Unilever PLC (NYSE:UL)					

Energizer Holdings (NYSE:ENR) versus Ultralife Corporation (ULBI) Head-To-Head Comparison					





 





						Donaldson Company, Inc. (NYSE:DCI) Shares Sold by Broderick Brian C					

						 July 24th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Stacy Sanders 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Broderick Brian C decreased its stake in  Donaldson Company, Inc. (NYSE:DCI) by 2.7% during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 10,856 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 300 shares during the period. Broderick Brian C’s holdings in Donaldson were worth $494,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new position in shares of  Donaldson during the fourth quarter valued at about $1,861,000.  AQR Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in  Donaldson during the fourth quarter worth $791,000.  Quadrature Capital Ltd acquired a new position in  Donaldson during the fourth quarter worth $4,367,000.  Teachers Advisors LLC raised its position in  Donaldson by 4.8% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 115,189 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $4,847,000 after buying an additional 5,304 shares during the period.  Finally, Highbridge Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in  Donaldson during the fourth quarter worth $904,000. 78.76% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 
Donaldson Company, Inc. (NYSE:DCI) traded down 0.21% on Monday, hitting $46.92. 25,038 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Donaldson Company, Inc. has a 52-week low of $34.95 and a 52-week high of $48.91. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $46.03 and a 200-day moving average price of $44.82. The stock has a market cap of $6.15 billion, a P/E ratio of 27.93 and a beta of 1.21. 




Donaldson (NYSE:DCI) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, June 1st. The industrial products company reported $0.45 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.44 by $0.01. The business had revenue of $608.20 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $580.44 million. Donaldson had a net margin of 9.72% and a return on equity of 28.12%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $0.43 EPS.  Analysts predict that  Donaldson Company, Inc. will post ($0.38) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, June 28th. Shareholders of record on Monday, June 12th were paid a dividend of $0.175 per share. This represents a $0.70 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.49%. The ex-dividend date  was Thursday, June 8th. Donaldson’s dividend payout ratio  is currently 41.92%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was originally  reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/24/donaldson-company-inc-nysedci-shares-sold-by-broderick-brian-c.html. 
A number of research firms have weighed in on DCI. Stifel Nicolaus  reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $48.00 price objective (up from $45.00) on shares of Donaldson in a research note on Friday, June 2nd. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Donaldson from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $52.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Friday, May 12th. BidaskClub lowered shares of Donaldson from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, June 22nd. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.  reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of Donaldson in a research note on Thursday, June 1st. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC raised shares of Donaldson from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $54.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, May 31st. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Donaldson presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $48.25.
In other Donaldson news, Director Michael J. Hoffman sold 14,400 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, June 19th. The shares were sold at an average price of $46.84, for a total transaction of $674,496.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 41,473 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,942,595.32. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. 0.88% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. 
Donaldson Company Profile
Donaldson Company, Inc is a manufacturer of filtration systems and replacement parts. The Company’s segments include Engine Products, Industrial Products and Corporate. The Company’s products are manufactured at approximately 44 plants around the world and through three joint ventures. The Company offers its products under the Ultra-Web, PowerCore and Donaldson brands.






Receive News & Ratings for Donaldson Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Donaldson Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 
























































