


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Real Assets Fund (PRAFX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Real Assets Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRAFX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/26/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$11.17
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.07
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/26/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								4.00%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$10.51
							
							-
							
								$11.40
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$3,294.99

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						




				Morningstar rated the Real Assets Fund among 
129,
129,
115
and 
N/A
Natural Resources
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks 
long-term growth of capital.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					2.64%
				
			

				
					2.64%
				
			


3 Years

				
					-2.33%
				
			

				
					-2.33%
				
			


5 Years

				
					2.69%
				
			

				
					2.69%
				
			


10 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 3.00%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							3.00%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							July 28, 2010
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.84%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.84%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			


				The Real Assets Fund charges a 2% 
redemption fee on shares held 90 days or less. 
The performance information shown does not reflect the deduction of the redemption fee; 
if it did, the performance would be lower.
			


2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Wed Jul 26 22:50:31 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari














404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                











Mutual Fund Research Tool - T. Rowe Price















































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	


















Log Out
Log In

Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers













 
 


























Home
      / Mutual Funds


Print
Email
Text size




Mutual Fund Research Tool


Find T. Rowe Price mutual funds that match your investment goals.

Filter funds by category, objective, or Morningstar rating. Select the appropriate box on the far left-hand side of the tool.


Sort by rolling over a mutual fund and using the arrows to find key information.


Compare key information such as performance and asset allocation by rolling over individual funds and clicking the "Add to Compare" box. Once you choose your funds, click "Compare Now" button for results.



 


For detailed information about each fund, including its risks, click on the mutual fund name. For standardized total returns as of the most recent calendar quarter end, click on the Performance link within the chart below.



Call an Investment Specialist at 800-365-7530.











Show All Mutual Funds
	There  that match: 


		For investors who plan to retire close to a certain year, these "all in one" funds 
		adjust the mix of stocks and bonds throughout the investor's retirement horizon.
	

		Offer long-term growth potential by investing primarily in stocks of U.S. companies—ranging 
		from broadly diversified to sector-specific.
	

		For investors interested in regular income, these funds invest in corporate- and/or government-issued bonds. 
	

		Offer income free of federal and sometimes state and local taxes by investing in bonds 
		issued by municipalities.
	

		Pursue opportunities in many of today's fastest-growing foreign markets—ranging from 
		globally diversified to region- or country-specific.
	

		Offer diversification and income by investing in bonds issued outside the U.S.
	

		Stress capital preservation and may provide some income—best suited for money 
		designated for short-term goals. 
	

		Convenient, one-step mutual funds that combine stocks and bonds to provide a broadly 
		diversified investment. 
	

		Stresses capital preservation and are best suited for investors who may need to use 
		their savings within a couple years or to fund an emergency reserve.
	

		Designed to generate income and may be particularly beneficial for investors looking 
		to supplement their retirement income. 
	

		Designed specifically for retirement goals. Just choose the fund with the year closest
		to when you expect to retire. 
	

		Provide long-term capital growth potential while seeking to reduce the long-term tax burden.
	

		Provide current income that is free from federal and possibly state and local taxes. Best 
		suited for investors in higher tax brackets.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to 
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to 
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Independent analysts at Morningstar provide their mutual fund picks on a category-by-category basis.
	

		Long-tenured, well-established mutual funds that investors have chosen for over 15 years.
	

		Funds that charge redemption fees.
	

		Funds that are open to new investors.
	




Category

Target Date Funds
 Domestic Stock Funds
 Domestic Bond Funds
 Tax-Free Bond Funds*
 International &Global Stock Funds
 International &Global Bond Funds
 Money Market Funds1,2
 Asset Allocation Funds

Objective

 Tax-Efficient
 Tax-Exempt*

Ranking
Morningstar Rating:

4 & 5 Star Fundsε
 3 Star Fundsε
 1 & 2 Star Fundsε

Fund Attributes

 Open To New Investors
Redemption Fees

Share Class

Investor Class
I Class







Performance
Ratings + Rankings
Management + Objective
Prices + Yields












1 Retail Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. Beginning October 14, 2016, the Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.

2 Government Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.


^ The T. Rowe Price Funds-I Class share the portfolio of an existing fund 
(the original share class of the fund is referred to as the "investor class"). 
The total return figures for I Class shares have been calculated using the performance 
data of the investor class up to the inception date of the I Class (shown in the 
performance sub-tab when the fund is hovered over) and the actual performance 
results of the I Class since that date. Because the I Classes are expected to have 
lower expenses than the Investor Classes, the I Class performance, had it existed 
over the periods shown, would have been higher. 
					

						The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
					
* Some income is subject to state and local taxes and the federal alternative minimum tax.


















		Please wait while we load your data.
	





Fund Comparison







 
 


 





















Our Mission Is Simple.
					  Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
					


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement





Feedback

Mobile Solutions
Contact Us








The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

				©Thu Jul 27 03:41:00 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
				All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
			



 
 












Fixed Income Investments and Bonds - Fidelity















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 













                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Fixed Income & Bonds
                                                        

                                           

			Fixed income investments generally pay a return on a fixed schedule, though the amount of the payments can vary. Individual bonds may be the best known type of fixed income security, but the category also includes bond funds, ETFs, CDs, and money market funds.
Open an Account














Are you paying too much for bonds somewhere else?




See why it can be better to buy your bonds here

												
												
													
														In a study conducted by Corporate Insight, our bond pricing beat markup-based brokers by an average of $13 per trade online. That could add up to a cost savings of hundreds of dollars on a typical bond order.2










Largest selection of bonds and CDs offered at a single firm





Individual Bonds


Bonds make interest payments and repay the principal on a fixed schedule. Interest and principal payments are subject to the creditworthiness of the issuer.






Bond Funds


Bond mutual funds invest primarily in individual bonds. Many make periodic dividend payments based on the interest paid by the bonds held in the fund.






Fixed Income ETFs


Exchange-traded funds (ETFs) are baskets of investments that trade as a single unit throughout the day.












Certificates of Deposit (CDs)


CDs offer FDIC insurance,3 providing a guarantee of the invested principal up to certain limits.






Money Market Funds


Money market funds are managed to help preserve your principal by investing in lower-risk debt securities with shorter maturities.




Deferred Fixed Annuities4

Deferred fixed annuities offer a guaranteed5 rate of return over a set time period, with tax deferral.




Other income offerings

Fixed Income Annuities
Structured Products
Managed Accounts
Other Income-Generating Products












Compare fixed income products


 






Why Buy Bonds & CDs at Fidelity?


Extensive bond & CD inventory
Transparent, simplified pricing: $1 per bond1
Bond market news and issuer research
Professional-grade tools and trading data
Expert service

Learn more

Fidelity Webinars
Evolve your investing strategy: sign up for live educational webinar notifications.



Research, tools, and education



Research fixed income & bonds


Stay up to date with news, market data, and research on fixed income investing and the bond market.
Fixed Income Tools & Services

Create a retirement income strategy, build a bond ladder, or stay on top of market updates.
Learn About Fixed Income & Bonds

Gain a deeper understanding of fixed income and bonds in the Fidelity Learning Center.
















Questions?


800-343-3548
800-343-3548

Chat with a representative


Find an Investor Center







Find a bond








CUSIP (New & Secondary)






Name (Secondary)




Name Secondary

Select Type
Agency/GSE
CDs
Corporate
Municipal



Search on CUSIP

Go



Not a Fidelity customer or guest? Get free Guest Access to try this and our other resources







Find CDs and rates



New issues




Secondary marketLog In Required







From our experts




										
										Q3 market update 





										
										Q3 market update 





										
										Manage your cash in retirement 



View all fixed income articles














1. Minimum concessions of $19.95 if traded with a Fidelity representative. For U.S Treasury purchases traded with a Fidelity representative, a flat charge of $19.95 per trade applies. A $250 maximum applies to all trades and is reduced to a $50 maximum for bonds maturing in one year or less. Fixed income trading requires a Fidelity brokerage account with a minimum opening balance of $2,500. Rates are for U.S. Dollar denominated bonds, additional fees and minimums apply for non-Dollar bond trades. Other conditions may apply. See Fidelity.com/commissions for details. Please note that concessions may impact the total cost of the transaction and the total, or "effective," yield of your investment. The offering broker, which may be our affiliate National Financial Services LLC, may separately mark up on mark down the price of the security and may realize a trading profit or loss on the transaction.


2. Fidelity commissioned Corporate Insight to study bond pricing, available online, for self-directed retail investors from five brokers that offer corporate and municipal bonds. The study compared online bond prices for over 20,000 municipal and corporate inventory matches between September 2nd and October 6th, 2015. It compared municipal and corporate inventories offered online in quantities of at least $10,000 face or par value. The study found on average that three competitors that bundled their markups or fees into their online bond prices were asking an average of $13.97 more per bond. Corporate Insight determined the average cost differential by calculating the difference between the costs of matching corporate and municipal bond inventory at Fidelity vs. these markup-based firms in the study, then averaging the differences across all of the competitor firms. Hypothetical cost savings of $286 is based on an average size order of $22,000 face or par value bonds and average cost differential of $13 per bond.


          3. For the purposes of FDIC insurance coverage limits, all depository assets of the accountholder at the institution that issued the CD will generally be counted toward the aggregate limit (usually $250,000) for each applicable category of account. FDIC insurance does not cover market losses. All of the new issue brokered CDs Fidelity offers are FDIC insured. In some cases, CDs may be purchased on the secondary market at a price that reflects a premium to their principal value. This premium is ineligible for FDIC insurance. For details on FDIC insurance limits, see www.fdic.gov.
	
    

          4. Fixed annuities available at Fidelity are issued by third-party insurance companies, which are not affiliated with any Fidelity Investments company. These products are distributed by Fidelity Insurance Agency, Inc., and, for certain products, Fidelity Brokerage Services, Member NYSE, SIPC . Some deferred fixed annuities have a market value adjustment (MVA), which generally applies if a client surrenders the contract or withdraws funds in excess of the free withdrawal amount before the end of the guarantee period. The amount the client receives will be adjusted based on interest rate conditions at that time.


Each individual's situation is unique and therefore seeking additional guidance from a tax advisor is suggested. Although deferred fixed annuities offer tax-deferral, if you are considering one to fund a qualified retirement plan or IRA, you should do so for the annuity's features and benefits other than tax deferral. In such cases, tax deferral is not an additional benefit of the deferred fixed annuity.
	
    

          5. A contract's financial guarantees are solely the responsibility of and are subject to the claims-paying ability of the issuing insurance company.


You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. An investment in a money market fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Before investing, always read a money market fund’s prospectus for policies specific to that fund.


          In general, the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk, and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so holding them until maturity to avoid losses caused by price volatility is not possible. Any fixed income security sold or redeemed prior to maturity may be subject to loss.
	
    

High-yield/non-investment-grade bonds involve greater price volatility and risk of default than investment-grade bonds.


          ETFs are subject to market fluctuation and the risks of their underlying investments. ETFs are subject to management fees and other expenses. Unlike mutual funds, ETF shares are bought and sold at market price, which may be higher or lower than their NAV, and are not individually redeemed from the fund.
	
    

          Fidelity makes certain new issue products available without a separate transaction fee. Fidelity may receive compensation from issuers for participating in the offering as a selling group member and/or underwriter. For representative assisted treasury auction orders, a $19.95 transaction fee applies.
	
    

Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.



625672.11.0











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.

















 




Money Market Mutual Funds - Fidelity















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+




Default text size A


Larger text size A


Largest text size A
 














Fixed Income & Bonds Overview














                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           

			A money market fund is a type of fixed income mutual fund that invests in debt securities that are characterized by their short maturities and minimal credit risk.
Open an Account




















For money market funds, income can be either taxable or tax exempt, depending on the types of securities in which the fund invests. These may include short-term U.S. Treasury securities, federal agency notes, Eurodollar deposits, repurchase agreements, certificates of deposit, corporate commercial paper; or obligations of states, cities, or other types of municipal agencies.
How Fidelity Manages Money Market Funds










Types of money market funds



U.S. Treasury and government money market1

Invest in U.S. Treasury and other taxable U.S. government securities.
Two funds are available for use as the non-core or core position in a retirement or non-retirement account:
Fidelity® Government Money Market Fund (SPAXX)
Fidelity® Treasury Fund (FZFXX)
Note: minimum investment requirements do not apply to core positions.
Daily pricing/yields for all Fidelity U.S. Treasury and government money market funds



Prime (general purpose) money market2

Invest in high‐quality, U.S. dollar‐denominated, short‐term taxable money market securities from government and private issuers, including corporations.
Fidelity offers two funds for use by institutional investors:
FIMM: Prime – Class I (FIDXX)
FIMM: Prime – IL Class (FIPXX)
Note: minimum initial investment is $1 million+
Daily pricing/yields for all Fidelity Prime (general purpose) money market funds



National municipal money market3

Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes, and in some cases the alternative minimum tax.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity national municipal money market funds



State municipal money market3

Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes and may be exempt from state income taxes depending on your state of residence.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity state municipal money market funds











Additional resources




What are money market funds?

Money market mutual fund regulatory developments















Questions?


800-544-5372 
800-544-5372 

Chat with a representative






From our experts




										
										Seek more yield on cash 





										
										Rising interest rates and you 





										
										4 ways to earn more on savings 





View all money market funds articles.






Mutual fund resources



Help finding funds




Fidelity Fund News & Analysis




Fidelity fund prices & documents



















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information.  Read it carefully.


          1.
	
	
	       
					
You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to money market funds and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


Fidelity’s government and U.S. Treasury money market funds will not impose a fee upon the sale of your shares, nor temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the fund's weekly liquid assets fall below 30% of its total assets because of market conditions or other factors.


          2.
	
	
	       You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Because the share price of the fund will fluctuate, when you sell your shares they may be worth more or less than what you originally paid for them. The Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund’s liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


          3.
	
	
	       You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. The Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund’s liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


          The municipal market can be affected by adverse tax, legislative or political changes and the financial condition of the issuers of municipal securities. Interest rate increases can cause the price of a money market security to decrease. Municipal funds normally seek to earn income and pay dividends that are expected to be exempt from federal income tax. If a fund investor is resident in the state of issuance of the bonds held by the fund, interest dividends may also be exempt from state and local income taxes. Such interest dividends may be subject to federal and/or state alternative minimum taxes. Certain funds normally seek to invest only in municipal securities generating income exempt from both federal income taxes and the federal alternative minimum tax; however, outcomes cannot be guaranteed, and the funds may sometimes generate income subject to these taxes. Fund shareholders may also receive taxable distributions attributable to a fund's sale of municipal bonds.


Generally, tax-exempt municipal securities are not appropriate holdings for tax advantaged accounts such as IRAs and 401(k)s.
	
    

          * Other fees and expenses applicable to continued investment are described in the fund's current prospectus.
	
    


607575.11.0










Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









 

close

core position
the core position is automatically established when an account is opened and is used for processing cash transactions and holding uninvested cash in your account. when a security is sold or a deposit is received, the proceeds are deposited into the position; when a security is bought or a payment is made, cash in the core position is used to pay for the trade


 












 




Bond Funds - Bond Mutual Funds at Fidelity















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+




Default text size A


Larger text size A


Largest text size A
 














Fixed Income & Bonds Overview














                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           

			Bond funds are professionally managed portfolios that invest in individual fixed income securities.
Open an Account




















 Reasons to consider bond funds 

Potential for capital preservation, depending on the fund
Income generation
Diversification for a potential hedge against stock market volatility
Liquidity

Funds are guided by a stated objective, generally focusing on a particular sector, such as corporate or Treasury bonds; a broad category, such as investment grade or high yield securities; or a specific time horizon, such as short-, intermediate-, or long-term bonds.
How Fidelity manages bond funds










Types of bond funds



Investment grade

Invest in high credit quality securities issued by the U.S. Treasury, U.S. government agencies, and U.S. corporations, as well as bonds backed by mortgages or other assets. Learn more about types of investment grade bond funds.
Research investment grade bond funds



Municipal

Invest in bonds issued by state governments and municipalities. While they tend to offer lower yields, the income they generate is generally free from federal income taxes.* Learn more about types of municipal bond funds.
Research municipal bond funds



High yield

Invest primarily in lower credit quality securities, including convertible securities. While these can potentially provide income and total returns higher than those offered by investment grade bond funds, they do have the potential for greater volatility and risk. Learn more about types of high yield bond funds.
Research high yield bond funds



Multisector

Invest in a mix of taxable bonds, including both high yield and investment grade securities issued by the U.S. and by foreign governments, as well as domestic and foreign corporations, giving investors the ability to create a diversified fixed income portfolio through a single fund. Learn more about multisector bond funds.
Research multisector bond funds



International & global

International bond funds invest in a range of taxable bonds issued by foreign governments and corporations. Global bond funds invest in bonds from around the world, including bonds issued by U.S. government agencies and corporations. Learn more about types of international and global bond funds.
Research international and global bond funds









Compare risks associated with different types of bond funds

 




Quick searches



Fund Picks from Fidelity®






Predefined screens for mutual funds








Additional resources



Income-Producing Funds in Fidelity Fund Picks®
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity bond index funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity high yield bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity international and global bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity national municipal bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity state municipal bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity taxable bond funds















Questions?


800-544-5372 
800-544-5372 

Chat with a representative






From our experts




										
										An alternative for cash? 





										
										Washington watch 





										
										Inflation risks may rise 





View all bond funds articles.






Mutual fund resources



Help finding funds




Fidelity Fund News & Analysis




Fidelity fund prices & documents



















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information.  Read it carefully.


          In general the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so avoiding losses caused by price volatility by holding them until maturity is not possible.


Foreign investments involve greater risks than U.S. investments, including political and economic risks and the risk of currency fluctuations.
	
    

High-yield/non-investment-grade bonds involve greater price volatility and risk of default than investment-grade bonds.


Investments in mortgage securities are subject to the risk that principal will be repaid prior to maturity.  As a result, when interest rates decline, gains may be reduced, and when interest rates rise, losses may be greater.


          * The municipal market can be affected by adverse tax, legislative or political changes and the financial condition of the issuers of municipal securities. Income exempt from federal income tax may be subject to state or local tax. If a fund investor is resident in the state of issuance of the bonds held by the fund, interest dividends may also be exempt from state and local income taxes. All or a portion of the fund’s income may be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax. Income or fund distributions attributable to capital gains are usually subject to both state and federal income taxes. Generally, tax-exempt municipal securities are not appropriate holdings for tax advantaged accounts such as IRAs and 401(k)s.
	
    


607640.3.0










Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.

















 




Why Fidelity - Trading













































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 

























The Fidelity Advantage


Planning & Advice


Trading


Straightforward Pricing


Insights & Tools


Security & Protection







                
                
                The Fidelity Advantage

                
                
                Planning & Advice

                
                
                Trading

                
                
                Straightforward Pricing

                
                
                Insights & Tools

                    
                    
                
                Security & Protection


Go








Trades are just $4.95
We cut the price of online U.S. equity trades to give you more value. So whether you're trading in your investment or retirement account, you'll be trading with a clear advantage.
Open an Account













 



Get the most from every trade






Great value for trades

Pay just $4.951 for online U.S. equity trades, plus $0.65 per options contract. Get margin rates as low as 4.25%.2


Powerful tools & research

Fuel your ideas with research, educational insights, and cutting edge tools like Active Trader Pro®.


Broad choice of investments

Access a range of investments including stocks, options, ETFs, mutual funds, bonds, CDs, IPOs, and precious metals.














 
Fidelity
TD Ameritrade
Schwab
E*Trade




Price for online U.S. equity and option trades
$4.95
$6.95
$4.95
$6.95


Most commission-free ETFs available for purchase online from iShares®
70
47
0
0


Displays price improvement on your trades

--
--
--


Online options (per contract rate)
$0.65
$0.75
$0.65
$0.75


In-depth research from 20+ independent providers
Yes
No
No
No


Get stock ratings from top analysts in a single score

with Equity Summary Score by Thomson Reuters StarMine

--
--
--




Table compares pricing for retail investors.















Best Online Broker
2016, 2017





Best Overall Online Broker
5-time winner





Best Online Broker
2015, 2016 & 2017


Open an account









Get the Active Trader advantage
Access our exclusive suite of sophisticated tools, services, and resources to help you unlock your full trading potential. You’ll also get access to our cutting-edge desktop trading platforms.

Find out more









Tools that offer you real insights





Stock Screener
From desktop to phones, we've made it easier for you to find investments that match your criteria or easily access predefined third-party expert screens.

Try our Stock Screener





Stock Research Dashboard
Discover and validate investment opportunities though third party expert research and data visualizations tools, including fundamental and technical data, social trends, advanced charts and more.

Learn more about stock trading





Active Trader Pro®
Spot buying opportunities with interactive charting. Create potential profit & loss scenarios that help you know when to sell. Working directly from the charts, you can buy, sell, and place alerts.

Learn more about Active Trader Pro®








Investment choices to fit your strategy 
No matter what you are saving for, whether it's retirement or any other goals, we offer you a broad range of options to fit your needs. With low rates, powerful tools, and research, we'll help provide the edge you need to trade with confidence.







Stocks




We offer domestic and international stocks, Real Estate Investment Trusts, Initial Public Offerings, and more. Only $4.95 for U.S. equity trades online.








Options




We'll help you find, analyze, and implement options trades. Pay $4.95 per trade, plus $0.65 per contract online, and get margin rates as low as 4.25%. 







Bonds & CDs




40,000 new-issue and secondary market bonds and CDs, and 60,000 total offerings. $1 per bond pricing for online trades.











ETFs 


Buy 91 commission-free ETFs online from Fidelity and iShares®. Our diverse offering includes 11 Fidelity sector ETFs, 3 Fidelity bond ETFs and 6 Fidelity factor ETFs. 






Mutual Funds 


With 70 years of experience and over 200 million investors, we offer 10,000+ Fidelity and non-Fidelity mutual funds covering companies worldwide. 






Sector Funds 


Get targeted exposure to the stocks of companies in specific segments with the largest selection of actively managed sector funds in the industry. 











Get started
Open an Account


Learn more about
Planning & Advice

Straightforward Pricing












We're here to help

Help is here 24/7. Call us, chat with an Investment Professional, or visit an Investor Center.

Check out our FAQs






Call anytime:

800-343-3548



Chat with an Investment Professional



Find an Investor Center









Find out what others are saying about us






Ratings and Reviews

See how customers rate our accounts, products, and services.


Customer Stories

Read what customers have to say about their experiences with us.


Awards and Recognition

See what independent third-party reviewers think of our products and services.

















Free commission offer applies to online purchases of Fidelity ETFs and select iShares ETFs in a Fidelity brokerage account. Fidelity accounts may require minimum balances. The sale of ETFs is subject to an activity assessment fee (from $0.01 to $0.03 per $1,000 of principal). iShares ETFs and Fidelity ETFs are subject to a short-term trading fee by Fidelity if held less than 30 days.


          1.
	
	
	       $4.95 commission applies to online U.S. equity trades in a Fidelity retail account only for Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC retail clients. Certain accounts may require a minimum opening balance of $2,500. Sell orders are subject to an activity assessment fee (from $0.01 to $0.03 per $1,000 of principal). Other conditions may apply. See Fidelity.com/commissions for details. Employee equity compensation transactions and accounts managed by advisors or intermediaries through Fidelity Clearing and Custody Solutions are subject to different commission schedules.



Minimum concessions of $19.95 apply if traded with a Fidelity representative. For U.S. Treasury purchases traded with a Fidelity representative, a flat charge of $19.95 per trade applies. A $250 maximum applies to all trades, reduced to a $50 maximum for bonds maturing in one year or less. Fixed income trading requires a Fidelity brokerage account with a minimum opening balance of $2,500. Rates are for U.S. dollar–denominated bonds; additional fees and minimums apply for non-dollar bond trades. Other conditions may apply; see Fidelity.com/commissions for details. Please note that concessions may affect the total cost of the transaction and the total, or "effective," yield of your investment. The offering broker, which may be our affiliate National Financial Services LLC, may separately mark up or mark down the price of the security and may realize a trading profit or loss on the transaction.



          ETFs are subject to market fluctuation and the risks of their underlying investments. ETFs are subject to management fees and other expenses. Unlike mutual funds, ETF shares are bought and sold at market price, which may be higher or lower than their NAV, and are not individually redeemed from the fund.
	
    

Options trading entails significant risk and is not appropriate for all investors. Certain complex options strategies carry additional risk. Before trading options, please read Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options . Supporting documentation for any claims, if applicable, will be furnished upon request.


          Commission comparison based on published website commission schedules for retail accounts, as of 03/13/2017, for E*Trade, Schwab and TD Ameritrade for online U.S. equity trades. For E*Trade: $6.95 per trade for 0 to 29 trades per quarter and $4.95 per trade for 30 or more trades per quarter. For TD Ameritrade: $6.95 per market or limit order trade for an unlimited amount of shares. For Schwab: $4.95 for up to 999,999 shares per trade, though orders of 10,000 or more shares or greater than $500,000 may be eligible for special pricing. Employee equity compensation transactions and accounts managed by advisors or intermediaries through Fidelity Clearing and Custody Solutions are subject to different commission schedules. Commissions are subject to change without notice. See each provider’s website for any additional information and restrictions.
	
    

          2. 4.25% rate available for debit balances over $1,000,000. Fidelity's current Base Margin Rate, effective since 6/16/2017, is 7.325%.
	
    

Barron's, March 20, 2017 and March 19, 2016 Online Broker Surveys. 2017: Fidelity was evaluated against 15 others and earned the top overall score of 35.6 out of a possible 40. The firm was also named best online broker for Long-Term Investing (shared with 2 others), Best for Novices (shared with 1 other), and Best for Investor Education (shared with 2 others). Fidelity was also ranked 1st in the following categories: Trading Experience & Technology (shared with 2 others), Mobile (shared with 1 other), Research Amenities, and Portfolio Analysis and Reports (shared with 2 others). 2016: Fidelity was evaluated against 15 others and earned the top overall score of 34.9 out of a possible 40.0. Fidelity was also named Best Online Broker for Long-Term Investing (shared with one other), Best for Novices (shared with one other), and Best for In-Person Service (shared with four others), and was ranked first in the following categories: trading technology; range of offerings (tied with one other firm); and customer service, education, and security. Overall ranking for both years based on unweighted ratings in the following categories: trading experience & technology; usability; mobile; range of offerings; research amenities; portfolio analysis and reports; customer service, education, and security; and costs.
	
    

Kiplinger’s magazine, August 2016. Online Broker Survey. Fidelity was ranked No. 1 overall out of seven online brokers. Results based on ratings in the following categories: Commissions and Fees, Breadth of Investment Choices, Tools, Research, Ease of Use, Mobile, and Advisory.


Investor's Business Daily® (IBD), January 2015, 2016 and 2017: Best Online Brokers Special Report. January 2015: Fidelity ranked in the top five in 9 out of 11 categories. Fidelity was named first in Research Tools, Investment Research, Portfolio Analysis and Reports, and Educational Resources. January 2016: Fidelity ranked in the top five in 10 out of 12 categories. Fidelity was named first in Trade Reliability, Research Tools, Investment Research, Portfolio Analysis and Reports, and Educational Resources. January 2017: Fidelity ranked in the top two in all 13 categories. Fidelity was named first in Research Tools, Portfolio Analysis and Reports, Investment Research, Educational Resources, and Planning Tools. Results in 2017 were based on having the highest Customer Experience Index within the categories composing the survey, as scored by more than 4,752 respondents in the survey conducted by Investor’s Business Daily’s polling partner, TechnoMetrica Market Intelligence. © Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved.
	
    

          Dynatrace 2016 Digital Experience Report: Best of the Web provides a comparative performance assessment for the largest companies across six major industries: banking, brokerage, insurance, media, retail, and travel. The report evaluates each company’s digital experience delivery throughout 2015. When Dynatrace used a trade quote to assess transaction performance and speed, Fidelity emerged as the clear leader across all industries. Fidelity beat the competition for brokerage website and mobile load time, availability, and consistency.
	
    

          Fidelity is 28.77 percent lower than TD Ameritrade’s $6.95 per market or limit order trade for an unlimited amount of shares and eTrade’s commission of $6.95 per trade for 0 to 29 trades per quarter.
	
    

          Advice refers to investment management services offered within our professionally managed accounts
	
    

This information is provided by Social Market Analytics, an unaffiliated third-party vendor that uses its own proprietary methodology to analyze data from public social media sites to provide information about specific stocks, and Fidelity has not validated the integrity of this data.


The Fidelity ETF Screener is a research tool provided to help self-directed investors evaluate these types of securities. The criteria and inputs entered are at the sole discretion of the user, and all screens or strategies with preselected criteria (including expert ones) are solely for the convenience of the user. Expert Screeners are provided by independent companies not affiliated with Fidelity. Information supplied or obtained from these Screeners is for informational purposes only and should not be considered investment advice or guidance, an offer of or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell securities, or a recommendation or endorsement by Fidelity of any security or investment strategy. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy or approach to screening or evaluating stocks, preferred securities, exchange-traded products, or closed-end funds. Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from its use. Determine which securities are right for you based on your investment objectives, risk tolerance, financial situation, and other individual factors, and reevaluate them on a periodic basis.


News, commentary, and research reports are from third-party sources unaffiliated with Fidelity. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt their content. Fidelity makes no guarantees that the information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from its use.


          In general, the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk, and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so holding them until maturity to avoid losses caused by price volatility is not possible. Any fixed income security sold or redeemed prior to maturity may be subject to loss.
	
    

There is an Options Regulatory Fee from $0.04 to $0.06 per contract, which applies to both option buy and sell transactions. The fee is subject to change.


Stock markets are volatile and can fluctuate significantly in response to company, industry, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments. Investing in stock involves risks, including the loss of principal.


Because of their narrow focus, sector investments tend to be more volatile than investments that diversify across many sectors and companies.


System availability and response times may be subject to market conditions.


Before investing in any mutual fund, consider the investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.



773792.20.0











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









close





Retirement IRAs

Open a Rollover IRA






Open a Roth IRA










Open a Traditional IRA














Investing & Savings

Open a Brokerage Account






Open a Cash Management Account










Open Both Accounts

Open both a brokerage and cash management account to easily transfer and protect your funds.








See All Accounts


















 





	Brookfield Real Assets Income Fund – Brookfield Public Securities




































skip to main content













Our Firm

About Us
Global Presence


North America
Europe
South America
Asia Pacific



Leadership
Corporate Social Responsibility
Careers


Career Opportunities





Businesses

Real Estate


Sectors
Leadership
Shareholders
Investors
Corporate Social Responsibility



Infrastructure


Sectors
Leadership
Shareholders
Investors
Corporate Social Responsibility



Renewable Power


Sectors
Leadership
Shareholders
Investors
Corporate Social Responsibility



Private Equity


Sectors
Leadership
Shareholders
Investors
Corporate Social Responsibility





Shareholders

Brookfield Asset Management

Reports & Filings
Stock & Distributions
Press Releases
Events & Presentations
Corporate Governance
Resources


Brookfield Property Partners

Reports & Filings
Stock & Distribution
Press Releases
Events & Presentations
Corporate Governance
Resources


Brookfield Infrastructure Partners

Reports & Filings
Stock & Distribution
Press Releases
Events & Presentations
Corporate Governance
Resources


Brookfield Renewable Partners

Reports & Filings
Stock & Distribution
Press Releases
Events & Presentations
Corporate Governance
Resources


Brookfield Business Partners

Reports & Filings
Stock & Distribution
Press Releases
Events & Presentations
Corporate Governance
Resources




Investors

Private Funds
Public Securities


Strategies
Products
Leadership
News and Insights



Credit


News

In the News
Press Releases










Find




















Find







U.S. Mutual Funds
Brookfield U.S. Listed Real Estate FundBrookfield Global Listed Real Estate FundBrookfield Global Listed Infrastructure FundBrookfield Real Assets Securities Fund
UCITS
Brookfield Global Listed Infrastructure UCITS FundBrookfield Global Listed Infrastructure Long/Short UCITS FundBrookfield Global Listed Real Estate UCITS FundBrookfield Real Assets Securities UCITS FundBrookfield U.S. Listed Real Estate UCITS Fund
U.S. Closed-End Funds
Brookfield Global Listed Infrastructure Income FundBrookfield Real Assets Income Fund
Canadian Closed-End Funds
Brookfield New Horizons Income FundBrookfield Global Infrastructure Securities Income FundBrookfield Select Opportunities Income Fund
Resources
Literature LibraryNewsInsightsContactEmail Alerts









Brookfield Real Assets Income Fund










Subscribe






















Products


Products








BrookfieldProducts
U.S. Mutual Funds
Brookfield U.S. Listed Real Estate FundBrookfield Global Listed Real Estate FundBrookfield Global Listed Infrastructure FundBrookfield Real Assets Securities Fund
UCITS
Brookfield Global Listed Infrastructure UCITS FundBrookfield Global Listed Infrastructure Long/Short UCITS FundBrookfield Global Listed Real Estate UCITS FundBrookfield Real Assets Securities UCITS FundBrookfield U.S. Listed Real Estate UCITS Fund
U.S. Closed-End Funds
Brookfield Global Listed Infrastructure Income FundBrookfield Real Assets Income Fund
Canadian Closed-End Funds
Brookfield New Horizons Income FundBrookfield Global Infrastructure Securities Income FundBrookfield Select Opportunities Income Fund
Resources
Literature LibraryNewsInsightsContactEmail Alerts







Brookfield U.S. Listed Real Estate Fund
Brookfield Global Listed Real Estate Fund
Brookfield Global Listed Infrastructure Fund
Brookfield Real Assets Securities Fund
Brookfield Global Listed Infrastructure UCITS Fund
Brookfield Global Listed Infrastructure Long/Short UCITS Fund
Brookfield Global Listed Real Estate UCITS Fund
Brookfield Real Assets Securities UCITS Fund
Brookfield U.S. Listed Real Estate UCITS Fund
Brookfield Global Listed Infrastructure Income Fund
Brookfield Real Assets Income Fund
Brookfield New Horizons Income Fund
Brookfield Global Infrastructure Securities Income Fund
Brookfield Select Opportunities Income Fund














Brookfield Real Assets Income Fund
Overview

Brookfield Real Assets Income Fund Inc. is a closed-end investment fund. The Fund’s investment objective is to provide a high  total return, primarily through high current income and secondarily, through growth of capital. The Fund seeks to meet its investment objective by investing primarily in securities and other instruments of companies and issuers in the “real assets” asset class, which includes the following: Real Estate Securities; Infrastructure Securities; and Natural Resources Securities (collectively, “Real Asset Companies and Issuers”).
Brookfield Investment Management Inc. is the Investment Adviser of the Fund. Schroder Investment Management North America Inc. (“SIMNA”) is the Sub-Adviser for the Fund’s investments in mortgage-backed securities.











Subscribe




KEY STATS



FUND TYPE

                      
                      U.S. Closed-End Funds
                      
                      


TICKER SYMBOL 



NAV



CUSIP



INCEPTION DATE



TOTAL NET ASSETS







Disclosure Information


NOT FDIC INSURED | NOT BANK GUARANTEED | MAY LOSE VALUE
Some funds may utilize leveraging to seek to enhance the yield and net asset value of its common stock, through bank borrowings, issuance of short-term debt securities or shares of preferred stock, or a combination thereof. However, these objectives cannot be achieved in all interest rate environments. While leverage may result in a higher yield for the fund, the use of leverage involves risk, including the potential for higher volatility of the NAV, fluctuations of dividends and other distributions paid by the fund and the market price of the fund's common stock, among others. Certain funds may invest assets in securities of issuers domiciled outside the United States, including issuers from emerging markets. Foreign investing involves special risks, including foreign currency risk and the possibility of substantial volatility due to adverse political, economic or other developments.









 





Management


Larry Antonatos
Managing Director, Portfolio Manager


Larry Antonatos has 26 years of experience and is a Portfolio Manager for the Public Securities Group’s Diversified Real Assets strategy. He oversees the portfolio construction process, including execution of the asset allocation process. Before joining the Diversified Real Assets team, Larry was a Product Manager for the firm’s equity business where he was responsible for the development and growth of new and existing investment strategies. Prior to joining the firm in 2011, Larry was a portfolio manager for a U.S. REIT strategy for ten years. He also has investment experience with direct property, CMBS, and mortgage loans. Larry earned a Master of Business Administration degree from The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania and a Bachelor of Engineering degree from Vanderbilt University.















Craig Noble, CFA
CEO, Chief Investment Officer and Portfolio Manager


Craig Noble has 19 years of experience and is Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer for the Public Securities Group as well as Portfolio Manager on the global infrastructure team and a Senior Managing Partner of Brookfield Asset Management. He oversees all aspects of portfolio management and business development related to the firm’s public equity and credit securities investment strategies. Over the last 12 years, he has held multiple positions within Brookfield, including significant roles within capital markets activities and direct infrastructure investment. He transitioned to the Public Securities Group in 2008 to help launch the firm’s listed infrastructure business and became the CEO in 2013. Prior to Brookfield, he spent five years with the Bank of Montreal, focused on credit analysis, corporate lending and corporate finance. Craig holds the Chartered Financial Analyst® designation. He earned a Master of Business Administration degree from York University and a Bachelor of Commerce degree from Mount Allison University.















Sam Diedrich
Director, Portfolio Manager


Sam Diedrich has 16 years of experience and nine years of investment experience and is a Director on the Firm’s Real Asset Solutions team. He focuses on building new investment capabilities and alternative investment solutions. Prior to joining the Firm in 2016, Sam spent seven years at PAAMCO, most recently as a Director and Sector Specialist, where he managed PAAMCO’s macro, mortgage, and relative value exposures. He began his career as an electrical engineer at Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory and the Jet Propulsion Laboratory. Sam holds the Chartered Financial Analyst® designation as well as the Certification in Quantitative Finance®. He earned a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Chicago, a Master of Science degree in Electrical Engineering from Johns Hopkins University, and a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Washington.
























Pricing & Performance

Pricing Details



CURRENCY
NAV DATE
NAV
PREVIOUS NAV
CHANGE




CURRENCY
NAV DATE
NAV
PREVIOUS NAV
CHANGE



Pricing Discount



MARKET PRICE
MARKET PRICE DATE
Previous Market Price
PREMIUM / DISCOUNT




MARKET PRICE
MARKET PRICE DATE
MARKET PRICE CHANGE
PREMIUM OR DISCOUNT



Returns



CLASS
PERFORMANCE DATE
1 MONTH
3 MONTHS
YTD
1 YEAR
3 YEARS
5 YEARS
INCEPTION






Disclosure Information


The foregoing information is provided by a third party service provider. Although such information is believed to be reliable, it may be subject to change. An investor or financial intermediary should not rely on this information as their sole source in determining whether to buy, sell or process trading activity in shares of a fund.
Brookfield Investment Management Inc. expressly disclaims all liability for errors and omissions in these materials and for the use or interpretation by others of information contained on the site.
















Distributions




Payable Date
Record Date
Ex-Dividend Date*
Amount




12/22/2016
12/15/2016

12/13/2016

$0.1990



01/26/2017
01/19/2017
01/17/2017
$0.1990


02/23/2017 
02/16/2017
02/14/2017
$0.1990


03/23/2017

03/16/2017
03/14/2017
$0.1990


04/27/2017
04/20/2017
04/18/2017
$0.1990


05/25/2017

05/18/2017
05/16/2017
$0.1990


06/22/2017 
06/15/2017
06/13/2017
$0.1990


07/27/2017
07/20/2017
07/18/2017
$0.1990





Disclosure Information


Section 19a Notice 
*Shares purchased on or after the ex-distribution date will not receive the distribution discussed above.
Please contact your financial advisor with any questions. Distributions may include net investment income, capital gains and/or return of capital. Any portion of the Fund’s distributions that is a return of capital does not necessarily reflect the Fund’s investment performance and should not be confused with “yield” or “income.” The tax status of distributions will be determined at the end of the taxable year.















Literature & Filings
Register for email alerts.

Documents



Financial Reports





                                        
                                            2016 Annual Report
                                          
                                      


 











Fact Sheets and Commentary





                                        
                                            June 2017
                                          
                                      


 











Corporate Governance





                                        
                                            2017 Proxy Statement
                                          
                                      


 








                                        
                                            Form 8937
                                          
                                      


 








                                        
                                            Form 8937 - 2015 Brookfield High Income Fund Inc.
                                          
                                      


 








                                        
                                            Form 8937 - 2015 Brookfield Total Return Fund Inc.
                                          
                                      


 








                                        
                                            Form 8937 - 2016 Brookfield Mortgage Opportunity Income Fund Inc.
                                          
                                      


 











Other





                                        
                                            2017 Press Releases
                                          
                                      


 








                                        
                                            Edgar
                                          
                                      


 





                                        
                                            Amended Proxy Statement and Prospectus
                                          
                                      


 








                                        
                                            Prospectus
                                          
                                      


 








                                        
                                            SAI Related to Proposed Reorganization
                                          
                                      


 


















      Download selected PDFs
      
    




Disclosure Information


Brookfield Investment Management Inc. expressly disclaims all liability for errors and omissions in these materials and for the use or interpretation by others of information contained on the site.
Performance data quoted represents past performance and is no guarantee of future results. Performance quoted without sales charges would be reduced if the sales charges were applied. Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data quoted. Performance includes the reinvestment of income, dividends and capital gain distributions. To obtain performance information current to the most recent month-end, please call (855) 777-8001.
Some funds may utilize leveraging to seek to enhance the yield and net asset value of its common stock, through bank borrowings, issuance of short-term debt securities or shares of preferred stock, or a combination thereof. However, these objectives cannot be achieved in all interest rate environments. While leverage may result in a higher yield for the fund, the use of leverage involves risk, including the potential for higher volatility of the NAV, fluctuations of dividends and other distributions paid by the fund and the market price of the fund's common stock, among others. Certain funds may invest assets in securities of issuers domiciled outside the United States, including issuers from emerging markets. Foreign investing involves special risks, including foreign currency risk and the possibility of substantial volatility due to adverse political, economic or other developments.
An investor should consider a fund's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing.












SEC Filings














Important Notice
This site and the materials herein are directed only to certain types of investors and to persons in jurisdictions where the funds is authorized for distribution. In order to access these materials, you must confirm that you are a United States Person:
All investors should consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the Fund carefully before investing. The prospectus and, if available, a summary prospectus, contain this and other information about the Fund. All investors are urged to carefully read the prospectus and, if available, the summary prospectus, in its entirety before investing.
Performance data quoted represents past performance and does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost and current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data quoted. For more information about a fund, click on the prospectus or summary prospectus link above.
Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. There can be no assurance the Fund will achieve its objectives or avoid significant losses.

Yes, I am a United States Person
No









192676
Brookfield Real Assets Income Fund


RA1
RA
NAV
USD
N/A
0
NYSE
N/A
112830104
December 02, 2016

July 25, 2017
25.48
25.48
0.00
23.52
July 25, 2017
23.52
-7.69%


929.88 M
June 30, 2017
-0.08%
1.96%
6.11%
N/A
N/A
N/A
7.55%



RA2
RA
Market
USD
N/A
0
NYSE
N/A
112830104
December 02, 2016

July 25, 2017
25.48
25.48
0.00
23.52
July 25, 2017
23.52
-7.69%


929.88 M
June 30, 2017
-0.82%
4.37%
9.37%
N/A
N/A
N/A
9.92%


















Latest News

Brookfield Real Assets Income Fund Inc. Announces Portfolio Manager Update Call and WebcastJuly 13, 2017 
Brookfield Global Listed Infrastructure Income Fund Inc. Announces Portfolio Manager Update CallJuly 13, 2017 
Brookfield Funds’ Monthly Distribution DeclarationJuly 07, 2017 


All News



Insights


Asset TV Masterclass: Real Assets - April 2017
April, 2017


The Wall Street Transcript: Using Leverage to Improve Returns in the Real Assets Space
April, 2017



See Insights



Contact
INVESTOR RELATIONS
(855) 777-8001
funds@brookfield.com


All resources

























OUR FIRM

  About Us  
  Global Presence  
  Leadership  
  Corporate Social Responsibility  
  Careers  





BUSINESSES

  Real Estate  
  Infrastructure  
  Renewable Power  
  Private Equity  





SHAREHOLDERS

  BAM  
  BPY  
  BIP  
  BEP  
  BBU  





INVESTORS

  Private Funds  
  Public Securities  
  Credit  





CONTACT

  Enquiries  



















Site Map
Privacy Statement
© 2016 Brookfield Investment Management Inc.




















	Brookfield Public Securities



































skip to main content













Our Firm

About Us
Global Presence


North America
Europe
South America
Asia Pacific



Leadership
Corporate Social Responsibility
Careers


Career Opportunities





Businesses

Real Estate


Sectors
Leadership
Shareholders
Investors
Corporate Social Responsibility



Infrastructure


Sectors
Leadership
Shareholders
Investors
Corporate Social Responsibility



Renewable Power


Sectors
Leadership
Shareholders
Investors
Corporate Social Responsibility



Private Equity


Sectors
Leadership
Shareholders
Investors
Corporate Social Responsibility





Shareholders

Brookfield Asset Management

Reports & Filings
Stock & Distributions
Press Releases
Events & Presentations
Corporate Governance
Resources


Brookfield Property Partners

Reports & Filings
Stock & Distribution
Press Releases
Events & Presentations
Corporate Governance
Resources


Brookfield Infrastructure Partners

Reports & Filings
Stock & Distribution
Press Releases
Events & Presentations
Corporate Governance
Resources


Brookfield Renewable Partners

Reports & Filings
Stock & Distribution
Press Releases
Events & Presentations
Corporate Governance
Resources


Brookfield Business Partners

Reports & Filings
Stock & Distribution
Press Releases
Events & Presentations
Corporate Governance
Resources




Investors

Private Funds
Public Securities


Strategies
Products
Leadership
News and Insights



Credit


News

In the News
Press Releases










Find




















Find







U.S. Mutual Funds
Brookfield U.S. Listed Real Estate FundBrookfield Global Listed Real Estate FundBrookfield Global Listed Infrastructure FundBrookfield Real Assets Securities Fund
UCITS
Brookfield Global Listed Infrastructure UCITS FundBrookfield Global Listed Infrastructure Long/Short UCITS FundBrookfield Global Listed Real Estate UCITS FundBrookfield Real Assets Securities UCITS FundBrookfield U.S. Listed Real Estate UCITS Fund
U.S. Closed-End Funds
Brookfield Global Listed Infrastructure Income FundBrookfield Real Assets Income Fund
Canadian Closed-End Funds
Brookfield New Horizons Income FundBrookfield Global Infrastructure Securities Income FundBrookfield Select Opportunities Income Fund
Resources
Literature LibraryNewsInsightsContactEmail Alerts









Products Overview
































Products


Products








BrookfieldProducts
U.S. Mutual Funds
Brookfield U.S. Listed Real Estate FundBrookfield Global Listed Real Estate FundBrookfield Global Listed Infrastructure FundBrookfield Real Assets Securities Fund
UCITS
Brookfield Global Listed Infrastructure UCITS FundBrookfield Global Listed Infrastructure Long/Short UCITS FundBrookfield Global Listed Real Estate UCITS FundBrookfield Real Assets Securities UCITS FundBrookfield U.S. Listed Real Estate UCITS Fund
U.S. Closed-End Funds
Brookfield Global Listed Infrastructure Income FundBrookfield Real Assets Income Fund
Canadian Closed-End Funds
Brookfield New Horizons Income FundBrookfield Global Infrastructure Securities Income FundBrookfield Select Opportunities Income Fund
Resources
Literature LibraryNewsInsightsContactEmail Alerts







Brookfield U.S. Listed Real Estate Fund
Brookfield Global Listed Real Estate Fund
Brookfield Global Listed Infrastructure Fund
Brookfield Real Assets Securities Fund
Brookfield Global Listed Infrastructure UCITS Fund
Brookfield Global Listed Infrastructure Long/Short UCITS Fund
Brookfield Global Listed Real Estate UCITS Fund
Brookfield Real Assets Securities UCITS Fund
Brookfield U.S. Listed Real Estate UCITS Fund
Brookfield Global Listed Infrastructure Income Fund
Brookfield Real Assets Income Fund
Brookfield New Horizons Income Fund
Brookfield Global Infrastructure Securities Income Fund
Brookfield Select Opportunities Income Fund












Products Overview

Filter your view



Fund Type:

 
U.S. Closed-End Funds


 
Canadian Closed-End Funds


 
U.S. Mutual Funds


 
UCITS





Currency:

 
USD


 
EUR


 
CAD


 
JPY





Management:

All






PRICING
PERFORMANCE



 No Results Found.


U.S. Mutual Funds




INVESTMENT NAME 
TICKER 
CLASS 
CURRENCY 
NAV Date 
NAV 
Previous NAV
Market Price Date
Market Price 
Previous Market Price
Premium/ Discount 




INVESTMENT NAMEBrookfield U.S. Listed Real Estate Fund
TICKER

CLASS



CURRENCY
NAV Date
NAV
Previous NAV
Market Price Date
Market Price
Previous Market Price
Premium / Discount


INVESTMENT NAMEBrookfield Global Listed Real Estate Fund
TICKER

CLASS



CURRENCY
NAV Date
NAV
Previous NAV
Market Price Date
Market Price
Previous Market Price
Premium / Discount


INVESTMENT NAMEBrookfield Global Listed Infrastructure Fund
TICKER

CLASS



CURRENCY
NAV Date
NAV
Previous NAV
Market Price Date
Market Price
Previous Market Price
Premium / Discount


INVESTMENT NAMEBrookfield Real Assets Securities Fund
TICKER

CLASS



CURRENCY
NAV Date
NAV
Previous NAV
Market Price Date
Market Price
Previous Market Price
Premium / Discount





UCITS




INVESTMENT NAME 
TICKER 
CLASS 
CURRENCY 
NAV Date 
NAV 
Previous NAV
Market Price Date
Market Price 
Previous Market Price
Premium/ Discount 




INVESTMENT NAMEBrookfield Global Listed Infrastructure UCITS Fund
TICKER

CLASS



CURRENCY
NAV Date
NAV
Previous NAV
Market Price Date
Market Price
Previous Market Price
Premium / Discount


INVESTMENT NAMEBrookfield Global Listed Infrastructure Long/Short UCITS Fund
TICKER

CLASS



CURRENCY
NAV Date
NAV
Previous NAV
Market Price Date
Market Price
Previous Market Price
Premium / Discount


INVESTMENT NAMEBrookfield Global Listed Real Estate UCITS Fund
TICKER

CLASS



CURRENCY
NAV Date
NAV
Previous NAV
Market Price Date
Market Price
Previous Market Price
Premium / Discount


INVESTMENT NAMEBrookfield Real Assets Securities UCITS Fund
TICKER

CLASS



CURRENCY
NAV Date
NAV
Previous NAV
Market Price Date
Market Price
Previous Market Price
Premium / Discount


INVESTMENT NAMEBrookfield U.S. Listed Real Estate UCITS Fund
TICKER

CLASS



CURRENCY
NAV Date
NAV
Previous NAV
Market Price Date
Market Price
Previous Market Price
Premium / Discount





U.S. Closed-End Funds




INVESTMENT NAME 
TICKER 
CLASS 
CURRENCY 
NAV Date 
NAV 
Previous NAV
Market Price Date
Market Price 
Previous Market Price
Premium/ Discount 




INVESTMENT NAMEBrookfield Global Listed Infrastructure Income Fund
TICKER

CLASS



CURRENCY
NAV Date
NAV
Previous NAV
Market Price Date
Market Price
Previous Market Price
Premium / Discount


INVESTMENT NAMEBrookfield Real Assets Income Fund
TICKER

CLASS



CURRENCY
NAV Date
NAV
Previous NAV
Market Price Date
Market Price
Previous Market Price
Premium / Discount





Canadian Closed-End Funds




INVESTMENT NAME 
TICKER 
CLASS 
CURRENCY 
NAV Date 
NAV 
Previous NAV
Market Price Date
Market Price 
Previous Market Price
Premium/ Discount 




INVESTMENT NAMEBrookfield New Horizons Income Fund
TICKER

CLASS



CURRENCY
NAV Date
NAV
Previous NAV
Market Price Date
Market Price
Previous Market Price
Premium / Discount


INVESTMENT NAMEBrookfield Global Infrastructure Securities Income Fund
TICKER

CLASS



CURRENCY
NAV Date
NAV
Previous NAV
Market Price Date
Market Price
Previous Market Price
Premium / Discount


INVESTMENT NAMEBrookfield Select Opportunities Income Fund
TICKER

CLASS



CURRENCY
NAV Date
NAV
Previous NAV
Market Price Date
Market Price
Previous Market Price
Premium / Discount









 No Results Found.


U.S. Mutual Funds




INVESTMENT NAME 
TICKER 
CLASS 
CURRENCY 
PERFORMANCE DATE
1 MONTH 
3 MONTHS 
YTD 
1 YEAR 
3 YEARS
5 YEARS
Since Inception 




INVESTMENT NAMEBrookfield U.S. Listed Real Estate Fund
TICKER

CLASS



CURRENCY
PERFORMANCE DATE
1 MONTH
3 MONTHS
YTD
1 YEAR
3 YEARS
5 YEARS
Since Inception


INVESTMENT NAMEBrookfield Global Listed Real Estate Fund
TICKER

CLASS



CURRENCY
PERFORMANCE DATE
1 MONTH
3 MONTHS
YTD
1 YEAR
3 YEARS
5 YEARS
Since Inception


INVESTMENT NAMEBrookfield Global Listed Infrastructure Fund
TICKER

CLASS



CURRENCY
PERFORMANCE DATE
1 MONTH
3 MONTHS
YTD
1 YEAR
3 YEARS
5 YEARS
Since Inception


INVESTMENT NAMEBrookfield Real Assets Securities Fund
TICKER

CLASS



CURRENCY
PERFORMANCE DATE
1 MONTH
3 MONTHS
YTD
1 YEAR
3 YEARS
5 YEARS
Since Inception






UCITS




INVESTMENT NAME 
TICKER 
CLASS 
CURRENCY 
PERFORMANCE DATE
1 MONTH 
3 MONTHS 
YTD 
1 YEAR 
3 YEARS
5 YEARS
Since Inception 




INVESTMENT NAMEBrookfield Global Listed Infrastructure UCITS Fund
TICKER

CLASS



CURRENCY
PERFORMANCE DATE
1 MONTH
3 MONTHS
YTD
1 YEAR
3 YEARS
5 YEARS
Since Inception


INVESTMENT NAMEBrookfield Global Listed Infrastructure Long/Short UCITS Fund
TICKER

CLASS



CURRENCY
PERFORMANCE DATE
1 MONTH
3 MONTHS
YTD
1 YEAR
3 YEARS
5 YEARS
Since Inception


INVESTMENT NAMEBrookfield Global Listed Real Estate UCITS Fund
TICKER

CLASS



CURRENCY
PERFORMANCE DATE
1 MONTH
3 MONTHS
YTD
1 YEAR
3 YEARS
5 YEARS
Since Inception


INVESTMENT NAMEBrookfield Real Assets Securities UCITS Fund
TICKER

CLASS



CURRENCY
PERFORMANCE DATE
1 MONTH
3 MONTHS
YTD
1 YEAR
3 YEARS
5 YEARS
Since Inception


INVESTMENT NAMEBrookfield U.S. Listed Real Estate UCITS Fund
TICKER

CLASS



CURRENCY
PERFORMANCE DATE
1 MONTH
3 MONTHS
YTD
1 YEAR
3 YEARS
5 YEARS
Since Inception






U.S. Closed-End Funds




INVESTMENT NAME 
TICKER 
CLASS 
CURRENCY 
PERFORMANCE DATE
1 MONTH 
3 MONTHS 
YTD 
1 YEAR 
3 YEARS
5 YEARS
Since Inception 




INVESTMENT NAMEBrookfield Global Listed Infrastructure Income Fund
TICKER

CLASS



CURRENCY
PERFORMANCE DATE
1 MONTH
3 MONTHS
YTD
1 YEAR
3 YEARS
5 YEARS
Since Inception


INVESTMENT NAMEBrookfield Real Assets Income Fund
TICKER

CLASS



CURRENCY
PERFORMANCE DATE
1 MONTH
3 MONTHS
YTD
1 YEAR
3 YEARS
5 YEARS
Since Inception






Canadian Closed-End Funds




INVESTMENT NAME 
TICKER 
CLASS 
CURRENCY 
PERFORMANCE DATE
1 MONTH 
3 MONTHS 
YTD 
1 YEAR 
3 YEARS
5 YEARS
Since Inception 




INVESTMENT NAMEBrookfield New Horizons Income Fund
TICKER

CLASS



CURRENCY
PERFORMANCE DATE
1 MONTH
3 MONTHS
YTD
1 YEAR
3 YEARS
5 YEARS
Since Inception


INVESTMENT NAMEBrookfield Global Infrastructure Securities Income Fund
TICKER

CLASS



CURRENCY
PERFORMANCE DATE
1 MONTH
3 MONTHS
YTD
1 YEAR
3 YEARS
5 YEARS
Since Inception


INVESTMENT NAMEBrookfield Select Opportunities Income Fund
TICKER

CLASS



CURRENCY
PERFORMANCE DATE
1 MONTH
3 MONTHS
YTD
1 YEAR
3 YEARS
5 YEARS
Since Inception















Important Notice
This site and the materials herein contain information on registered funds offered by Brookfield Investment Management Inc. and its affiliates.
Shares of the funds described are only offered pursuant to the current prospectus or offering document.
The information is not directed at, nor is it intended for, distribution to, or use by, persons in any jurisdiction in which the funds are not authorized for distribution or in which the dissemination of information regarding the funds to such persons is not permitted.

I Accept










950640007
Brookfield Select Opportunities Income Fund 


BSO.UN
BSO.UN
N/A
CAD
N/A
0
TSX
N/A
11284C107
May 23, 2014

July 25, 2017
5.22
5.17
0.04
5.06
July 25, 2017
5.11
-2.98%


62.45 M
June 30, 2017
-3.58%
-7.19%
-9.47%
6.29%
-9.81%
N/A
-9.26%





BGIS
Brookfield Global Infrastructure Securities Income Fund


BGI.UN
BGI.UN
N/A
CAD
N/A
0
TSX
N/A
112720107
July 18, 2013

July 25, 2017
6.97
6.96
0.00
6.95
July 25, 2017
6.99
-0.23%


153.01 M
June 30, 2017
-6.14%
-2.07%
7.54%
10.92%
-8.38%
N/A
-1.24%





BNHI
Brookfield New Horizons Income Fund


BIF.UN
BIF.UN
N/A
CAD
N/A
0
CNSX
N/A
112797105
April 01, 2011

July 25, 2017
8.31
8.27
0.04
8.01
July 25, 2017
8.01
-3.60%


6.68 M
June 30, 2017
-3.67%
-6.68%
-9.45%
6.72%
-10.11%
0.04%
5.07%





DB5480
Brookfield Global Listed Infrastructure UCITS Fund


BFIFIUB
BFIFIUB
Class B
EUR
N/A
0
N/A
IE00B63LDC43
N/A
November 30, 2011

July 25, 2017
35.81
35.93
-0.12
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


431.35 M
June 30, 2017
-2.32%
-5.00%
-0.03%
1.34%
2.49%
8.98%
10.97%



BFIFIUE
BFIFIUE
Class E
USD
N/A
0
N/A
IE00B4LP5Q27
N/A
November 30, 2011

July 25, 2017
31.02
31.07
-0.05
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


135.92 M
June 30, 2017
-0.93%
1.31%
8.11%
4.04%
-3.56%
6.68%
7.73%



BFIFIUDF
BFIFIUDF
Class F
USD
N/A
0
N/A
IE00BB36BR51
N/A
June 17, 2013

July 25, 2017
19.31
19.34
-0.03
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


89.07 M
June 30, 2017
-0.93%
1.31%
8.10%
4.04%
-3.56%
N/A
3.33%



BFIFIMU
BFIFIMU
Class M
USD
N/A
0
N/A
IE00BLLHZW37
N/A
July 09, 2014

July 25, 2017
18.04
18.07
-0.03
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


0.49 M
June 30, 2017
-1.00%
1.09%
7.65%
3.16%
N/A
N/A
-4.13%





DB5481
Brookfield Global Listed Real Estate UCITS Fund


BFREIUB
BFREIUB
Class B
EUR
N/A
0
N/A
IE00B6V9B591
N/A
November 30, 2011

July 25, 2017
41.77
41.85
-0.08
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


6.51 M
June 30, 2017
-0.68%
-3.98%
-3.00%
0.77%
10.45%
11.54%
14.39%



BFREIUE
BFREIUE
Class E
USD
N/A
0
N/A
IE00B3PPN902
N/A
November 30, 2011

July 25, 2017
36.19
36.21
-0.02
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


270.71 M
June 30, 2017
0.74%
2.39%
4.89%
3.45%
3.93%
9.19%
11.06%



BFREFUD
BFREFUD
Class F
USD
N/A
0
N/A
IE00BBM4RY97
N/A
June 21, 2013

July 25, 2017
21.71
21.72
-0.01
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


2.82 M
June 30, 2017
0.74%
2.39%
4.88%
3.45%
3.93%
N/A
8.37%



BFREIEA
BFREIEA
Class I
EUR
N/A
0
N/A
IE00BYSXVL65
N/A
May 25, 2016

July 25, 2017
21.23
21.24
-0.01
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


1.63 M
June 30, 2017
2.01%
8.75%
12.21%
4.08%
N/A
N/A
7.09%





DB5482
Brookfield U.S. Listed Real Estate UCITS Fund


BUSLREE
BUSLREE
Class E
USD
N/A
0
N/A
IE00B5VFS822
N/A
November 30, 2011

July 25, 2017
35.36
35.30
0.06
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


21.54 M
June 30, 2017
2.90%
1.00%
0.54%
-2.40%
2.57%
7.14%
10.62%



BUSLREQ
BUSLREQ
Class Q
JPY
N/A
0
N/A
IE00BSL7D069
N/A
January 13, 2015

July 25, 2017
821.41
816.59
4.82
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


3426.66 M
June 30, 2017
4.56%
1.90%
-3.07%
7.04%
N/A
N/A
-3.80%





DB6256
Brookfield Global Listed Infrastructure Long/Short UCITS Fund


BFGILSE
BFGILSE
Class E
USD
N/A
0
N/A
IE00BYY9R658
N/A
August 26, 2015

July 24, 2017
21.28
21.32
-0.04
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


15.93 M
June 30, 2017
-0.08%
-0.37%
2.87%
4.98%
N/A
N/A
3.30%





DB6258
Brookfield Real Assets Securities UCITS Fund


BFRASUE
BFRASUE
Class E
USD
N/A
0
N/A
IE00BYY9RD29
N/A
September 01, 2015

July 25, 2017
22.84
22.87
-0.03
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


76.53 M
June 30, 2017
-0.21%
1.59%
6.59%
5.45%
N/A
N/A
6.78%





190655
Brookfield Global Listed Infrastructure Income Fund


INF1
INF
NAV
USD
N/A
0
NYSE
N/A
11273Q109
August 25, 2011

July 25, 2017
15.30
15.31
-0.01
13.79
July 25, 2017
13.69
-9.87%


211.08 M
June 30, 2017
-2.19%
0.75%
11.55%
4.19%
-11.14%
2.52%
4.19%



INF2
INF
Market
USD
N/A
0
NYSE
N/A
11273Q109
August 25, 2011

July 25, 2017
15.30
15.31
-0.01
13.79
July 25, 2017
13.69
-9.87%


211.08 M
June 30, 2017
-0.48%
6.04%
11.63%
14.77%
-9.42%
3.54%
2.87%





190659
Brookfield Mortgage Opportunity Income Fund Inc.


BOI1
BOI
NAV
USD
N/A
0
NYSE
N/A
112792106
March 25, 2013

N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A



BOI2
BOI
Market
USD
N/A
0
NYSE
N/A
112792106
March 25, 2013

N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A





192667
Brookfield High Income Fund


HHY1
HHY
NAV
USD
N/A
0
NYSE
N/A
11272P102
July 03, 1998

N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A



HHY2
HHY
Market
USD
N/A
0
NYSE
N/A
11272P102
July 03, 1998

N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A





192672
Brookfield Total Return Fund


HTR1
HTR
NAV
USD
N/A
0
NYSE
N/A
11283U108
August 04, 1989

N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A



HTR2
HTR
Market
USD
N/A
0
NYSE
N/A
11283U108
August 04, 1989

N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A





192676
Brookfield Real Assets Income Fund


RA1
RA
NAV
USD
N/A
0
NYSE
N/A
112830104
December 02, 2016

July 25, 2017
25.48
25.48
0.00
23.52
July 25, 2017
23.52
-7.69%


929.88 M
June 30, 2017
-0.08%
1.96%
6.11%
N/A
N/A
N/A
7.55%



RA2
RA
Market
USD
N/A
0
NYSE
N/A
112830104
December 02, 2016

July 25, 2017
25.48
25.48
0.00
23.52
July 25, 2017
23.52
-7.69%


929.88 M
June 30, 2017
-0.82%
4.37%
9.37%
N/A
N/A
N/A
9.92%





190651
Brookfield Global Listed Real Estate Fund (A)


BLRAX1
BLRAX
Class A
USD
N
BLRAX2
N/A
N/A
112740105
April 30, 2012

July 25, 2017
13.07
13.07
0.00
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


9.73 M
June 30, 2017
1.02%
2.20%
4.89%
2.75%
4.29%
9.52%
9.18%



BLRAX2
BLRAX
Class A
USD
Y
BLRAX1
N/A
N/A
112740105
April 30, 2012

July 25, 2017
13.07
13.07
0.00
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


9.73 M
June 30, 2017
-3.80%
-2.66%
-0.10%
-2.15%
2.62%
8.46%
8.15%



BLRCX1
BLRCX
Class C
USD
N
BLRCX2
N/A
N/A
112740204
April 30, 2012

July 25, 2017
12.99
13.00
-0.01
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


6.29 M
June 30, 2017
0.99%
2.10%
4.55%
2.00%
3.51%
8.72%
8.38%



BLRCX2
BLRCX
Class C
USD
Y
BLRCX1
N/A
N/A
112740204
April 30, 2012

July 25, 2017
12.99
13.00
-0.01
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


6.29 M
June 30, 2017
-0.01%
1.10%
3.55%
1.03%
3.51%
8.72%
8.38%



BLRIX
BLRIX
Class I
USD
N/A
0
N/A
N/A
112740402
November 30, 2011

July 25, 2017
13.08
13.08
0.00
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


419.60 M
June 30, 2017
1.01%
2.27%
5.03%
3.02%
4.52%
9.78%
11.65%



BLRYX
BLRYX
Class Y
USD
N/A
0
N/A
N/A
112740303
November 30, 2011

July 25, 2017
13.09
13.10
-0.01
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


1558.59 M
June 30, 2017
1.01%
2.27%
5.02%
3.02%
4.51%
9.77%
11.66%





190652
Brookfield Global Listed Infrastructure Fund (A)


BGLAX1
BGLAX
Class A
USD
N
BGLAX2
N/A
N/A
112740501
December 29, 2011

July 25, 2017
13.07
13.10
-0.03
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


18.08 M
June 30, 2017
-0.84%
1.50%
8.89%
4.56%
-2.83%
7.40%
7.96%



BGLAX2
BGLAX
Class A
USD
Y
BGLAX1
N/A
N/A
112740501
December 29, 2011

July 25, 2017
13.07
13.10
-0.03
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


18.08 M
June 30, 2017
-5.56%
-3.29%
3.69%
-0.38%
-4.39%
6.35%
7.00%



BGLCX1
BGLCX
Class C
USD
N
BGLCX2
N/A
N/A
112740600
April 30, 2012

July 25, 2017
12.91
12.93
-0.02
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


12.52 M
June 30, 2017
-0.82%
1.32%
8.43%
3.81%
-3.56%
6.56%
5.95%



BGLCX2
BGLCX
Class C
USD
Y
BGLCX1
N/A
N/A
112740600
April 30, 2012

July 25, 2017
12.91
12.93
-0.02
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


12.52 M
June 30, 2017
-1.80%
0.32%
7.43%
2.81%
-3.56%
6.56%
5.95%



BGLIX
BGLIX
Class I
USD
N/A
0
N/A
N/A
112740808
November 30, 2011

July 25, 2017
13.11
13.13
-0.02
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


185.84 M
June 30, 2017
-0.77%
1.56%
9.00%
4.90%
-2.58%
7.65%
8.37%



BGLYX
BGLYX
Class Y
USD
N/A
0
N/A
N/A
112740709
November 30, 2011

July 25, 2017
13.10
13.13
-0.03
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


52.35 M
June 30, 2017
-0.77%
1.56%
9.00%
4.82%
-2.58%
7.65%
8.36%





190660
Brookfield U.S. Listed Real Estate Fund (A)


BRUAX1
BRUAX
Class A
USD
N
BRUAX2
N/A
N/A
112740790
December 11, 2013

July 25, 2017
10.44
10.43
0.01
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


0.08 M
June 30, 2017
3.03%
1.83%
2.20%
-0.35%
4.60%
N/A
9.29%



BRUAX2
BRUAX
Class A
USD
Y
BRUAX1
N/A
N/A
112740790
December 11, 2013

July 25, 2017
10.44
10.43
0.01
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


0.08 M
June 30, 2017
-1.88%
-2.97%
-2.68%
-5.12%
2.91%
N/A
7.80%



BRUCX1
BRUCX
Class C
USD
N
BRUCX2
N/A
N/A
112740782
December 11, 2013

July 25, 2017
10.40
10.40
0.00
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


0.51 M
June 30, 2017
2.93%
1.63%
1.73%
-1.08%
3.85%
N/A
8.52%



BRUCX2
BRUCX
Class C
USD
Y
BRUCX1
N/A
N/A
112740782
December 11, 2013

July 25, 2017
10.40
10.40
0.00
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


0.51 M
June 30, 2017
1.93%
0.63%
0.73%
-2.00%
3.85%
N/A
8.52%



BRUIX
BRUIX
Class I
USD
N/A
0
N/A
N/A
112740766
December 11, 2013

July 25, 2017
10.38
10.37
0.01
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


23.85 M
June 30, 2017
3.00%
1.89%
2.33%
-0.08%
4.86%
N/A
9.57%



BRUYX
BRUYX
Class Y
USD
N/A
0
N/A
N/A
112740774
December 11, 2013

July 25, 2017
10.41
10.40
0.01
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


0.03 M
June 30, 2017
2.99%
1.99%
2.42%
0.01%
4.95%
N/A
9.65%





192674
Brookfield Real Assets Securities Fund (A)


RASAX1
RASAX
Class A
USD
N
RASAX2
N/A
N/A
112740758
November 19, 2014

July 25, 2017
9.46
9.47
-0.01
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


0.00 M
June 30, 2017
-0.06%
1.78%
7.00%
6.06%
N/A
N/A
0.51%



RASAX2
RASAX
Class A
USD
Y
RASAX1
N/A
N/A
112740758
November 19, 2014

July 25, 2017
9.46
9.47
-0.01
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


0.00 M
June 30, 2017
-4.81%
-3.04%
1.94%
1.07%
N/A
N/A
-1.35%



RASCX1
RASCX
Class C
USD
N
RASCX2
N/A
N/A
112740741
November 19, 2014

July 25, 2017
9.45
9.46
-0.01
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


0.00 M
June 30, 2017
-0.14%
1.59%
6.50%
5.16%
N/A
N/A
-0.16%



RASCX2
RASCX
Class C
USD
Y
RASCX1
N/A
N/A
112740741
November 19, 2014

July 25, 2017
9.45
9.46
-0.01
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


0.00 M
June 30, 2017
-1.13%
0.59%
5.50%
4.16%
N/A
N/A
-0.16%



RASIX
RASIX
Class I
USD
N/A
0
N/A
N/A
112740733
November 19, 2014

July 25, 2017
9.36
9.37
-0.01
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


64.49 M
June 30, 2017
-0.07%
1.78%
6.89%
5.92%
N/A
N/A
0.55%



RASYX
RASYX
Class Y
USD
N/A
0
N/A
N/A
112740725
November 19, 2014

July 25, 2017
9.38
9.39
-0.01
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


6.94 M
June 30, 2017
0.04%
1.89%
7.00%
6.03%
N/A
N/A
0.63%







192667,950620007
Dana Erikson


192667

Mark Shipley


190659,192672
Michelle Russell-Dowe


190659

Jeffrey Williams


190659

Anthony Breaks


190652,192674,190655,BGIS
,DB5480,DB6256,DB6258,192676
Craig Noble


190652, 190655, BGIS, DB5480, DB6256
Leo Anguiano


190655

Andrew Alexander


BNHI,950640007
Gail Cecil


190651,190660,DB5481,DB5482
Jason Baine


190651,190660,DB5481,DB5482
Bernhard Krieg


192674
,DB6258,192676
Larry Antonatos
















Latest News

Brookfield Real Assets Income Fund Inc. Announces Portfolio Manager Update Call and WebcastJuly 13, 2017 
Brookfield Global Listed Infrastructure Income Fund Inc. Announces Portfolio Manager Update CallJuly 13, 2017 
Brookfield Funds’ Monthly Distribution DeclarationJuly 07, 2017 


All News



Insights


Asset TV Masterclass: Real Assets - April 2017
April, 2017


The Wall Street Transcript: Using Leverage to Improve Returns in the Real Assets Space
April, 2017



See Insights



Contact
INVESTOR RELATIONS
(855) 777-8001
funds@brookfield.com


All resources

























OUR FIRM

  About Us  
  Global Presence  
  Leadership  
  Corporate Social Responsibility  
  Careers  





BUSINESSES

  Real Estate  
  Infrastructure  
  Renewable Power  
  Private Equity  





SHAREHOLDERS

  BAM  
  BPY  
  BIP  
  BEP  
  BBU  





INVESTORS

  Private Funds  
  Public Securities  
  Credit  





CONTACT

  Enquiries  



















Site Map
Privacy Statement
© 2016 Brookfield Investment Management Inc.


















Brookfield Real Assets Income Fund Inc



























 
							Thursday, 27 July 2017							
							

About Us 
 
Contact Info 
Advertising 








 

 




Latest news

USB 3.2 announced, packs double the bandwidth of USB 3.1
Tesla CEO Says Mark Zuckerberg's Understanding Of Artificial Intelligence Is Limited
Microsoft to unveil global layoff plan next week
Xbox One X pre-order: How, where and when to pre-order




Main » Brookfield Real Assets Income Fund Inc


Brookfield Real Assets Income Fund Inc
14 July 2017



NextEra Energy Inc (NYSE:NEE) has risen 15.94% since July 12, 2016 and is uptrending.Great West Life Assurance Company, which manages about $35.51 billion US Long portfolio, upped its stake in Manulife Finl Corp (NYSE:MFC) by 640,561 shares to 20.62 million shares, valued at $367.86M in 2016Q4, according to the filing. UBS Group AG increased its stake in shares of Brookfield Real Assets Income Fund by 46.3% in the first quarter. Brookfield Asset Management had a net margin of 5.39% and a return on equity of 2.12%. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company.12/03/2015 - Brookfield Asset Management Inc had its "neutral" rating reiterated by analysts at Credit Suisse. On Monday, August 17 the stock rating was upgraded by Zacks to "Sell". Finally, TD Securities reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Brookfield Asset Management in a research note on Saturday, May 13th. The corporation has a valuation of $37.75 B, a price to earnings ratio of 31.58 along with a stock beta of 1.04. Royal Bank Of Canada reissued a "buy" rating and issued a $42.00 price objective on shares of Brookfield Asset Management in a research note on Tuesday, June 20th.


Dextera Surgical Inc (DXTR) Check on Ratings
According to the analysts, Dextera Surgical Inc (NASDAQ:DXTR) is expected to announce $-0.21/share EPS for the current quarter.  In Healthcare sector, shares of Dextera Surgical Inc. (DXTR) stock confirmed the flow of 9.52% with the final price of $0.29.
Shares of Brookfield Asset Management Inc (BAM) opened at 39.38 on Thursday.Among 7 analysts covering Brookfield Asset Management Inc. BMO Capital both upgraded the stock and raised the price target on September 30 changing the price target from $38.00 to $40.00 and raising the rating from "Market Perform" to "Outperform". The firm earned "Outperform" rating on Friday, February 10 by RBC Capital Markets. Gould Asset Management LLC CA purchased a new stake in shares of Brookfield Asset Management during the first quarter valued at about $213,000. Finally, Laurel Wealth Advisors Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Brookfield Asset Management during the first quarter valued at about $237,000. Buy Home Capital Group Inc.?" with publication date: "June 21, 2017.The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, June 30th. Therefore 89% are positive. Talend had 2 analyst reports since August 24, 2016 according to SRatingsIntel. The rating was maintained by RBC Capital Markets on Thursday, October 8 with "Outperform". RBC Capital Markets has "Outperform" rating and $41 target. The rating was initiated by Howard Weil with "Sector Outperform" on Tuesday, November 17.
Howard says conservatives welcome in Libs
Howard said Trump should be judged on the substance of his actions, saying his "locker-room style might not be the whole man". The former leader said it was too early into the President's tenure to make assertion's about his presidential success.
Firsthand Capital Management Inc. holds 6.23% of its portfolio in InvenSense Inc for 450,000 shares. The firm earned "Buy" rating on Thursday, January 19 by Citigroup. Wood has "Buy" rating and $45 target. On Monday, October 5 the stock rating was maintained by Deutsche Bank with "Buy". Analysts expect next quarter's EPS will be $0.27 with next year's EPS anticipated to be $2.07. T_FFH's profit would be $226.89M giving it 14.62 P/E if the $9.78 EPS is correct. After $1.75 actual earnings per share reported by NextEra Energy Inc for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts -0.57% negative EPS growth. It also increased its holding in Philip Morris Intl Inc (NYSE:PM) by 346,913 shares in the quarter, for a total of 1.92 million shares, and has risen its stake in Pfizer Inc (NYSE:PFE).The correct version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.com-unik.info/2017/07/13/fenimore-asset-management-inc-increases-stake-in-brookfield-asset-management-inc-bam.html.
Harbour Capital Advisors LLC Invests $355000 in Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (MLM)
The Texas-based Stratford Consulting Ltd Company has invested 0.13% in Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (NYSE:MLM) or 5,095 shares. The Company's Aggregates business operates through three divisions: the Mid-America Group, Southeast Group and West Group.






Related articles




Crews make great progress on fires burning in Northwest MT




Sen. Collins Rejects Latest GOP Health Care Bill


Q4 2016 Sentiment Burlington Resources Inc (NYSE:BR)


The Central Bank & Trust Co. Cuts Stake in Humana Inc. (HUM)


Egalet Corporation (NASDAQ:EGLT) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds




Another reboot, this time for 'The L Word'




Pershing Square Sells 10 Million Shares of Restaurant Brands




There's a Reason Harry Styles Barely Appears in Any 'Dunkirk' Trailers


Old Line Bancshares (NASDAQ:OLBK) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds




Who's In, Who's Left Out With The Latest Senate Health Care Bill




Share !


 



Previous: Iran: US-Russia ceasefire deal should be expanded to cover all Syria
Next: The Central Bank & Trust Co. Cuts Stake in Humana Inc. (HUM)







 Advertising
 


 


More news	



Brokers Change Their Target Price On JinkoSolar Holding Company Limited (NYSE:JKS)





Iran: US-Russia ceasefire deal should be expanded to cover all Syria





We will not tolerate anything against Kashmiriyat: Mehbooba Mufti


Leucadia National Corp (NYSE:LUK) Q4 2016 Sentiment


Extra Space Storage Inc (NYSE:EXR) Downgraded by BidaskClub to Hold


The Brokerages Set Synthomer PLC (SYNT) Target Price at $459.18





It's Kelantan gov't's right to pass amendment allowing for public caning: DPM





Riedewald op weg naar Crystal Palace


Bank of America Corporation Reiterates Underperform Rating for Delphi Automotive PLC (DLPH)





Opec deal flouted as rebels pump more oil





Kendrick Lamar confirms story behind 'DUCKWORTH.' during interview with Dave Chappelle





EDF Energy Renewables purchases 11 wind farm sites in Scotland





Baadshaho : First look of song 'Mere Rashke Qamar' released!


Brokers Change Their Target Price On MarketAxess Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:MKTX)





Two Sigma Securities LLC Invests $247000 in CH Robinson Worldwide, Inc. (CHRW)



 






 






	
    Copyright © 2017 HealthcareMenu |     All rights reserved.

	
		
















RA Stock Price - Brookfield Real Assets Income Fund Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: NYSE) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,711.01


97.58


0.45%











S&P 500

2,477.83


0.70


0.03%











Nasdaq

6,422.75


10.57


0.16%











GlobalDow

2,860.28


10.75


0.38%











Gold

1,267.50


11.90


0.95%











Oil

48.81


0.06


0.12%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



BA 
9.9




T 
5.0




AMD 
4.6




BIIB 
4.5






AKAM
-14.6




UHS
-8.2




RHI
-7.4




JNPR
-6.3














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








3:34a

Daily Mail revenue up; warns on some markets



3:33a

Weir profit jumps on strong oil and gas showing



3:31a

Smith & Nephew profit rises; on track for targets



3:31a

Spain's unemployment rate drops to 17.22%



3:31a

Volkswagen profit up; lifts sales guidance



3:30a

Thomas Cook loss halves; backs full-year guidance



3:30a

Lloyds profit narrows on £1 bln compensation bill



3:29a

Airbus profit down 34% on lower plane deliveries



3:29a

Tate & Lyle profit ahead: backs full-year guidance



3:28a

Oil majors sustain profits despite crude's slide












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


RA


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
NYSE

 



RA
U.S.: NYSE


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Brookfield Real Assets Income Fund Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateRAAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 26, 2017 4:02 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
23.66



0.14
0.60%






Previous Close




$23.5200





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




75.37% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    69.1K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 91.7K
            





Open: 23.52
Close: 23.66



23.5200
Day Low/High
23.6900





Day Range



21.5400
52 Week Low/High
23.7800


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$23.52



Day Range
23.5200 - 23.6900



52 Week Range
21.5400 - 23.7800



Market Cap
n/a



Shares Outstanding
36.49M



Public Float
n/a



Beta
0.27



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
n/a



Yield
10.09%



Dividend
$0.20



Ex-Dividend Date
Jul 18, 2017



Short Interest
19.82K
07/14/17


% of Float Shorted
n/a



Average Volume
91.66K




 


Performance




5 Day


0.42%







1 Month


1.89%







3 Month


1.24%







YTD


6.05%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Real Asset Income Fund Performing Real Well
Real Asset Income Fund Performing Real Well

Jul. 12, 2017 at 7:28 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





After First-Half Return Of 15.6%, Savvy Seniors Face Re-Investment Challenges
After First-Half Return Of 15.6%, Savvy Seniors Face Re-Investment Challenges

Jul. 7, 2017 at 3:35 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Primer On CEF Classes
Primer On CEF Classes

Jun. 28, 2017 at 8:43 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





'Savvy Senior' Update: A Few Tweaks But Still 'Like Watching Paint Dry'
'Savvy Senior' Update: A Few Tweaks But Still 'Like Watching Paint Dry'

Jun. 13, 2017 at 7:44 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Chemist's CEF Report - May 2017: CEFs Getting Bubbly
The Chemist's CEF Report - May 2017: CEFs Getting Bubbly

Jun. 2, 2017 at 11:15 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





More Than Just A Bond Fund
More Than Just A Bond Fund

May. 7, 2017 at 4:03 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-Q: SL GREEN OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.P.
10-Q: SL GREEN OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.P.

May. 5, 2017 at 5:22 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: SL GREEN REALTY CORP
10-Q: SL GREEN REALTY CORP

May. 5, 2017 at 5:21 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





The Chemist's CEF Report, April 2017: All Is Calm In CEF Land
The Chemist's CEF Report, April 2017: All Is Calm In CEF Land

May. 2, 2017 at 11:32 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Oversold Stocks Support Closed-End Funds Outlook
Oversold Stocks Support Closed-End Funds Outlook

May. 1, 2017 at 3:28 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





The Chemist's CEF Report - March 2017: CEFs Treading Water


Apr. 5, 2017 at 6:16 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





A Couple Of 10% Payers To Juice Up Returns In Your Portfolio


Mar. 28, 2017 at 5:50 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Plans For Infrastructure Spending Pique Investor Appetite For Real Assets


Mar. 21, 2017 at 4:01 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-K: SL GREEN REALTY CORP


Feb. 21, 2017 at 5:38 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-K: SL GREEN OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.P.


Feb. 21, 2017 at 5:38 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Brookfield Launches New Fund


Dec. 29, 2016 at 11:15 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha









Brookfield Real Assets Income Fund Inc. Monthly Distribution Declaration


Mar. 3, 2017 at 4:20 p.m. ET
on Marketwired





Brookfield Funds' Monthly Distribution Declaration


Feb. 3, 2017 at 4:32 p.m. ET
on Marketwired





Brookfield Real Assets Income Fund Inc. Announces Portfolio Manager Update Call and Webcast


Jan. 25, 2017 at 5:42 p.m. ET
on Marketwired





Brookfield Funds' Monthly Distribution Declaration


Jan. 6, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. ET
on Marketwired





Brookfield Real Assets Income Fund Inc. Announces Portfolio Manager Update Call


Dec. 5, 2016 at 6:47 p.m. ET
on Marketwired





Brookfield Investment Management Inc. Announces Closing of the Reorganizations, Dividend Declaration for the Brookfield Real Assets Income Fund Inc. and Share Repurchase Program


Dec. 5, 2016 at 8:46 a.m. ET
on Marketwired








  



 
   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





FB

0.20%








NOK

0.16%








PYPL

0.91%








INTC

0.23%








UCTT

3.41%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




3:41 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
3:34aDaily Mail revenue up; warns on some markets
3:33aWeir profit jumps on strong oil and gas showing
3:32aSmith & Nephew profit rises; on track for targets
3:31aSpain's unemployment rate drops to 17.22%
3:31aVolkswagen profit up; lifts sales guidance
3:31aThomas Cook loss halves; backs full-year guidance
3:30aLloyds profit narrows on £1 bln compensation bill
3:30aAirbus profit down 34% on lower plane deliveries
3:30aTate & Lyle profit ahead: backs full-year guidance
3:29aOil majors sustain profits despite crude's slide
3:28aAstraZeneca's Mystic cancer drug trial fails
3:17aAstraZeneca's Mystic lung cancer trial fails to meet endpoint 
3:08aAstraZeneca tumbles 15% after decline in quarterly revenue 
3:07aDeutsche Bank shares falls 3.3% after earnings report 
3:05aAnglo American up 3.6% after dividend reinstatement 
3:04aGermany's DAX opens 0.5% lower at 12,247.10 
3:04aFrance's CAC 40 opens 0.2% lower at 5,182.40 
3:03aU.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% lower at 7,436.13 
3:03aStoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% lower at 381.97
3:02aNestlé sales growth lags; profit rises on tax bump
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




3:41 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
3:34aDaily Mail revenue up; warns on some markets
3:33aWeir profit jumps on strong oil and gas showing
3:32aSmith & Nephew profit rises; on track for targets
3:31aSpain's unemployment rate drops to 17.22%
3:31aVolkswagen profit up; lifts sales guidance
3:31aThomas Cook loss halves; backs full-year guidance
3:30aLloyds profit narrows on £1 bln compensation bill
3:30aAirbus profit down 34% on lower plane deliveries
3:30aTate & Lyle profit ahead: backs full-year guidance
3:29aOil majors sustain profits despite crude's slide
3:28aAstraZeneca's Mystic cancer drug trial fails
3:17aAstraZeneca's Mystic lung cancer trial fails to meet endpoint 
3:08aAstraZeneca tumbles 15% after decline in quarterly revenue 
3:07aDeutsche Bank shares falls 3.3% after earnings report 
3:05aAnglo American up 3.6% after dividend reinstatement 
3:04aGermany's DAX opens 0.5% lower at 12,247.10 
3:04aFrance's CAC 40 opens 0.2% lower at 5,182.40 
3:03aU.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% lower at 7,436.13 
3:03aStoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% lower at 381.97
3:02aNestlé sales growth lags; profit rises on tax bump
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




3:41 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
3:34aDaily Mail revenue up; warns on some markets
3:33aWeir profit jumps on strong oil and gas showing
3:32aSmith & Nephew profit rises; on track for targets
3:31aSpain's unemployment rate drops to 17.22%
3:31aVolkswagen profit up; lifts sales guidance
3:31aThomas Cook loss halves; backs full-year guidance
3:30aLloyds profit narrows on £1 bln compensation bill
3:30aAirbus profit down 34% on lower plane deliveries
3:30aTate & Lyle profit ahead: backs full-year guidance
3:29aOil majors sustain profits despite crude's slide
3:28aAstraZeneca's Mystic cancer drug trial fails
3:17aAstraZeneca's Mystic lung cancer trial fails to meet endpoint 
3:08aAstraZeneca tumbles 15% after decline in quarterly revenue 
3:07aDeutsche Bank shares falls 3.3% after earnings report 
3:05aAnglo American up 3.6% after dividend reinstatement 
3:04aGermany's DAX opens 0.5% lower at 12,247.10 
3:04aFrance's CAC 40 opens 0.2% lower at 5,182.40 
3:03aU.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% lower at 7,436.13 
3:03aStoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% lower at 381.97
3:02aNestlé sales growth lags; profit rises on tax bump
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































RA Stock Price - Brookfield Real Assets Income Fund Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: NYSE) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,711.01


97.58


0.45%











S&P 500

2,477.83


0.70


0.03%











Nasdaq

6,422.75


10.57


0.16%











GlobalDow

2,860.28


10.75


0.38%











Gold

1,267.50


11.90


0.95%











Oil

48.81


0.06


0.12%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



BA 
9.9




T 
5.0




AMD 
4.6




BIIB 
4.5






AKAM
-14.6




UHS
-8.2




RHI
-7.4




JNPR
-6.3














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








3:34a

Daily Mail revenue up; warns on some markets



3:33a

Weir profit jumps on strong oil and gas showing



3:31a

Smith & Nephew profit rises; on track for targets



3:31a

Spain's unemployment rate drops to 17.22%



3:31a

Volkswagen profit up; lifts sales guidance



3:30a

Thomas Cook loss halves; backs full-year guidance



3:30a

Lloyds profit narrows on £1 bln compensation bill



3:29a

Airbus profit down 34% on lower plane deliveries



3:29a

Tate & Lyle profit ahead: backs full-year guidance



3:28a

Oil majors sustain profits despite crude's slide












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


RA


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
NYSE

 



RA
U.S.: NYSE


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Brookfield Real Assets Income Fund Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateRAAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 26, 2017 4:02 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
23.66



0.14
0.60%






Previous Close




$23.5200





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




75.37% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    69.1K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 91.7K
            





Open: 23.52
Close: 23.66



23.5200
Day Low/High
23.6900





Day Range



21.5400
52 Week Low/High
23.7800


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$23.52



Day Range
23.5200 - 23.6900



52 Week Range
21.5400 - 23.7800



Market Cap
n/a



Shares Outstanding
36.49M



Public Float
n/a



Beta
0.27



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
n/a



Yield
10.09%



Dividend
$0.20



Ex-Dividend Date
Jul 18, 2017



Short Interest
19.82K
07/14/17


% of Float Shorted
n/a



Average Volume
91.66K




 


Performance




5 Day


0.42%







1 Month


1.89%







3 Month


1.24%







YTD


6.05%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Real Asset Income Fund Performing Real Well
Real Asset Income Fund Performing Real Well

Jul. 12, 2017 at 7:28 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





After First-Half Return Of 15.6%, Savvy Seniors Face Re-Investment Challenges
After First-Half Return Of 15.6%, Savvy Seniors Face Re-Investment Challenges

Jul. 7, 2017 at 3:35 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Primer On CEF Classes
Primer On CEF Classes

Jun. 28, 2017 at 8:43 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





'Savvy Senior' Update: A Few Tweaks But Still 'Like Watching Paint Dry'
'Savvy Senior' Update: A Few Tweaks But Still 'Like Watching Paint Dry'

Jun. 13, 2017 at 7:44 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Chemist's CEF Report - May 2017: CEFs Getting Bubbly
The Chemist's CEF Report - May 2017: CEFs Getting Bubbly

Jun. 2, 2017 at 11:15 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





More Than Just A Bond Fund
More Than Just A Bond Fund

May. 7, 2017 at 4:03 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-Q: SL GREEN OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.P.
10-Q: SL GREEN OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.P.

May. 5, 2017 at 5:22 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: SL GREEN REALTY CORP
10-Q: SL GREEN REALTY CORP

May. 5, 2017 at 5:21 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





The Chemist's CEF Report, April 2017: All Is Calm In CEF Land
The Chemist's CEF Report, April 2017: All Is Calm In CEF Land

May. 2, 2017 at 11:32 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Oversold Stocks Support Closed-End Funds Outlook
Oversold Stocks Support Closed-End Funds Outlook

May. 1, 2017 at 3:28 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





The Chemist's CEF Report - March 2017: CEFs Treading Water


Apr. 5, 2017 at 6:16 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





A Couple Of 10% Payers To Juice Up Returns In Your Portfolio


Mar. 28, 2017 at 5:50 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Plans For Infrastructure Spending Pique Investor Appetite For Real Assets


Mar. 21, 2017 at 4:01 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-K: SL GREEN REALTY CORP


Feb. 21, 2017 at 5:38 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-K: SL GREEN OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.P.


Feb. 21, 2017 at 5:38 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Brookfield Launches New Fund


Dec. 29, 2016 at 11:15 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha









Brookfield Real Assets Income Fund Inc. Monthly Distribution Declaration


Mar. 3, 2017 at 4:20 p.m. ET
on Marketwired





Brookfield Funds' Monthly Distribution Declaration


Feb. 3, 2017 at 4:32 p.m. ET
on Marketwired





Brookfield Real Assets Income Fund Inc. Announces Portfolio Manager Update Call and Webcast


Jan. 25, 2017 at 5:42 p.m. ET
on Marketwired





Brookfield Funds' Monthly Distribution Declaration


Jan. 6, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. ET
on Marketwired





Brookfield Real Assets Income Fund Inc. Announces Portfolio Manager Update Call


Dec. 5, 2016 at 6:47 p.m. ET
on Marketwired





Brookfield Investment Management Inc. Announces Closing of the Reorganizations, Dividend Declaration for the Brookfield Real Assets Income Fund Inc. and Share Repurchase Program


Dec. 5, 2016 at 8:46 a.m. ET
on Marketwired








  



 
   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





FB

0.20%








NOK

0.16%








PYPL

0.91%








INTC

0.23%








UCTT

3.41%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.















 
Public Securities - Brookfield Asset Management












  

Skip Links







Main menu dropdown



















Public Securities







	Investing in listed real assets can offer multiple benefits, including the potential for meaningful current income, long-term capital appreciation and inflation protection. Brookfield’s Public Securities Group* serves institutions and individuals seeking the investment advantages of real assets through actively managed listed equity and debt strategies.

We take a high conviction, value-oriented approach that is highly attuned to understanding the risks of investing, utilizing proprietary valuation tools and fundamental, bottom-up research to identify mispriced securities. We have been actively investing in the public markets since 1989 and currently manage more than $14 billion on behalf of financial institutions, pension plans, insurance companies, foundations, endowments, sovereign wealth funds and high net worth investors.
* Investment services are provided by Brookfield Investment Management Inc., Brookfield Investment Management (Canada) Inc., and affiliates.












Recent News


	View Brookfield Public Securities News and Insights. 


	All News




Contact


New York
Tel: +1 212 978 1794
Chicago
Tel: +1 312 377 8221
Boston

Tel: +1 617 443 2835 
Toronto

Tel: +1 416 369 3370 
London

Tel: +1 44 20 7408 8352 
Hong Kong 
Tel: +1 852 2143 3017




Products


See our separately managed accounts, U.S. mutual funds, UCITS funds, closed-end funds and opportunistic strategies.


	Fund site

Investor Relations


Tel: +1 855 777 8001

Email
















 
Products - Brookfield Asset Management












  

Skip Links







Main menu dropdown




















            Products
        







	enter fund site

Separately Managed Accounts
We seek to establish and develop long-term partnerships with our clients and appreciate that certain clients may have specific risk/return objectives, which may be better suited to separately managed accounts.
We have a long history of managing separately managed accounts for large institutional investors, as well as several different custodians and have deep operational and compliance experience in this regard and maintain advanced oversight systems. Our portfolio managers collaborate with clients to ensure investment strategies are appropriate for their individual investment objectives. 
Opportunistic Strategies
In addition to our long-only strategies, we have created a number of opportunistic strategies focused on real asset public securities for qualified investors. Our opportunistic strategies seek to deliver strong absolute returns over a market cycle, drawing upon our high conviction approach, a value-oriented lens, and taking into account the trade-off between quality and value, and a keen awareness for the cyclical nature of capital markets.
U.S. Mutual Funds 

Brookfield Global Listed Infrastructure Fund
Brookfield Global Listed Real Estate Fund
Brookfield Real Assets Securities Fund
Brookfield US Listed Real Estate Fund


UCITS

Brookfield Global Listed Infrastructure Long/Short UCITS Fund
Brookfield Global Listed Infrastructure UCITS Fund
Brookfield Global Listed Real Estate UCITS Fund
Brookfield Real Assets Securities UCITS Fund
Brookfield US Listed Real Estate UCITS Fund


U.S. Closed-End Funds

Brookfield Global Listed Infrastructure Income Fund
Brookfield Real Assets Income Fund Inc.


Canadian Closed-End Funds

Brookfield Global Infrastructure Securities Income Fund
Brookfield Select Opportunities Income Fund
Brookfield New Horizons Income Fund



	enter fund site














RA Brookfield Real Assets Income Fund Inc. CEF RA Quote Price News

































Menu






Menu





Welcome!

















Membership

About Morningstar >
Logout
Login
Subscribe
Register
Premium



Site Search



Search Symbols









Search The Site



















































































































Consolidation Coming To Brookfield Closed-End Funds | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Consolidation Coming To Brookfield Closed-End FundsMay 19, 2016  7:32 AM ET|| Includes: BAM, RAby: Thomas HughesThomas Hughes Long/short equity, short-term horizon, long-term horizon, newsletter providerSummaryBrookfield Investment Management proposes consolidation of three closed-end funds.The board of directors for each of the three funds has approved the merger, now it's up to the shareholders.Is it a good idea? Maybe. Brookfield Investment Management Inc, a wholly owned subsidiary of Brookfield Asset Management Inc (NYSE:BAM), has recently proposed to consolidate three of it's proprietary closed-end funds. The news came in a press release dated May 16th 2016, and has the approval of the boards of each fund. The funds in question are the Brookfield Mortgage Opportunity Income Fund (NYSE:BOI), the Brookfield Total Return Fund (NYSE:HTR) and the Brookfield High Income Fund (NYSE:HHY). The three funds, pending approval from shareholders, will be combined into one fund which would be called the Brookfield Real Assets Income Fund, the RA Fund. A special shareholder meeting to discuss and vote on the merger has been scheduled for August 5th, 2016. The board's of each fund have approved the deal believing it is in the best interest of shareholders. The combined fund would provide a better opportunity for income, income growth and capital appreciation. The funds strategy would be a combination of strategy employed by the individual components providing a multi-asset, multi-portfolio manager approach intended to create more stable income streams with less volatility across market cycles. Additional benefits include increased demand on the secondary market due to the larger asset size and enhanced cost savings over time. 

 Brookfield Investment Management is an SEC registered investment adviser providing strategies in globally listed real estate and infrastructure, corporate credit and securitized credit. The firm has over $16 billion under management for clients including financial institutions, pension plans, sovereign wealth funds and high net worth individuals. The Brookfield Real Asset Income Fund The strategy of the new fund will be a combination of strategy employed by the three smaller funds. It will be a diversified, multi-asset, multi-portfolio manager strategy seeking to provide real returns above and beyond the broad market throughout the market cycle, and not tied to the performance of traditional stocks and bonds. The fund will invest in infrastructure, real estate and natural resources in addition to fixed income and other invest-able debt instruments. Also, a small portion of the fund will be allocated to Real Asset Equity positions. Management of the portfolio will be split between Brookfield's Real Assets Credit Investment Team which currently manages the HHY, the Securitized Products Investment Team which currently manages BOI and HTR, and other teams under the umbrella of Brookfield Investment Management Inc. The Brookfield Mortgage Opportunity Income Fund is a diversified closed-end fund focusing on the mortgage market. The investment objective is high levels of current income with opportunity for capital appreciation over the long term. As of last reporting the fund paid a dividend with yield near 10.3%, the 37th quarter of steady and stable distribution. The primary portfolio holdings are RMBS, residential mortgage backed securities, about 38%, with a secondary allocation to sub-prime loans, about 19%. Smaller allocations are given to commercial mortgage backed securities, corporate bonds, collateralized loan obligations and real estate based equities. The fund is currently trading at a-9% discount to NAV, in line with the historical average and up from a low near -16% set in late 2016. The Brookfield Total Return Fund is another diversified closed-end fund, but with the objective of total returns, including short- and long-term capital gains, as well as high current income. The fund pays a dividend with yield near 10% at today's prices and has done so since mid 2012, when distributions were increased. The fund focuses on US Treasuries, mortgage and asset backed securities as well as high yield corporate bonds. The top three allocations, RMBS, CMBS and sub-prime securities total nearly 70% of portfolio value with most rated BBB or lower. The fund is currently trading at only a -3.25% discount to NAV, up from 6 months ago and well above the historical average of -8.36%. The Brookfield High Income Fund has the sole objective of high current income with a lesser focus on capital appreciation provided the primary objective is not compromised. The fund also pays a dividend in the range of 10% at current share prices but this is down -20% as of the latest distribution. The fund is non-diversified, focusing on high yield bonds, debentures and other corporate debt vehicles, all with less than investment grade credit ratings or viewed as such by fund managers. Allocations within the fund allow up to 30% of non-US domiciled companies and 10% currently involved in bankruptcy proceedings. On a sector by sector basis the highest concentration is in the energy sector, just over 18%, followed by telecommunications, about 16%, and leisure, about 9.5%. In terms of credit rating, less than 5% are rated BBB or above, and nearly 90% are rated B or lower. To help garner shareholder support Brookfield will cover the cost of restructuring so there is no fear of losing asset value during the transition other than what may normally occur due to market conditions. Also, there will be a 2 year expense cap following the closing of the deal intended to keep the annualized expense ratio for the RA Fund at or below 1.03%. The company has contractually agreed to waive or reimburse the fund in order to maintain this target. Compared to the original three funds this expense ratio will be roughly equal to the Brookfield Total Return Fund and below that of the Mortgage Opportunity Fund and the High Income Fund . Once approved shareholders of the original funds will receive shares in the new fund based on net asset values. Brookfield Investment Management will be the funds adviser with the exception of the Securitized Credit portion of the portfolio, more on that below. The deal is contingent on each reorganization meeting shareholder approval, all are required for the RA Fund to come to fruition. A sub-adviser has been nominated to handle the securitized credit portion of the portfolio, Schroder Investment Management North America. Schroder Investment Management recently entered a deal to buy Brookfield's Securitized Products Investment Team, the reason behind the nomination as sub-adviser. The deal is expected to close in the second half of 2016 and is not contingent on the reorganization of the closed-end funds. Likewise, the reorganization of the fund is not contingent on the sale; each are independent of the other. However, the appointment of Schroder Investment Management as sub-adviser to the fund or funds is subject to shareholder approval and the close of the sale. If the sale does not close Brookfield's Securitized Products Team will remain as adviser to the individual funds or the combined fund, whichever shareholders agree to. My Thoughts A merger of the BOI and HTR seems like a good idea. These two funds invest in similar assets with similar objectives. The HHY stands alone in both its target securities and investment objectives which, along with the recent distribution cut, make it less than complimentary. Owners of HHY will gain the benefits of a larger fund, lower costs and stable dividend while owners of the other two may find their returns hampered. In the end it will all come down to how the merger is effected and the objectives laid out in the official prospectus, due to be released following SEC approval of the registration statement. 

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours. 
I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.About this article:ExpandAuthor payment: $35 + $0.01/page view. Authors of PRO articles receive a minimum guaranteed payment of $150-500.Tagged: ETFs & Portfolio Strategy, Closed-End Funds, FinancialWant to share your opinion on this article? Add a comment.Disagree with this article? Submit your own.To report a factual error in this article, click hereFollow Thomas Hughes and get email alerts





Closed End Funds | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Closed End FundsDHG: The Register Is Almost Rung!DHG• Yesterday, 7:06 PM • Maks Financial Services•4 CommentsYield, Value, Safety: Available With Closed-End Funds?JFR, MIE, PHYS• Yesterday, 4:36 PM • John D. Thomason•2 Comments16.1% Dividend Yield Makes CEFL Still AttractiveCEFL• Yesterday, 2:58 PM • Lance Brofman•13 CommentsPTY Could Still Trend HigherPTY• Yesterday, 12:45 PM • Dividend Seeker•11 CommentsGBAB - Best Performing Build America Bond Portfolio?GBAB• Yesterday, 11:28 AM • Maks Financial Services•4 CommentsNuveen Build America Bond Fund: The Bigger, Better, Build America Bond Fund?NBB• Tue, Jul. 25, 11:57 AM • Maks Financial Services•3 CommentsBoulder Growth & Income Fund Is At Least 5% Overvalued And A Poor Long-Term HoldingBIF• Mon, Jul. 24, 8:32 PM • Wubbe Bos•69 CommentsSudden Collapse In Bond Fund Discounts: CEF Weekly UpdatePGP, RCS, GUT• Mon, Jul. 24, 3:35 PM • Michael Foster Financial Services•12 CommentsWeekly Fund Spotlight: Hedge Rising Rates With These Senior Loan CEFsBGT, BKLN, EVF• Mon, Jul. 24, 8:33 AM • Stanford Chemist•35 CommentsMexico Quietly Moves To New HighsMXF• Sun, Jul. 23, 4:17 AM • Thomas Hughes•11 CommentsWeekly Fund Wrap: Strong Like Bull Sat, Jul. 22, 6:11 AM • ADS Analytics•1 CommentAre Closed End Fund Discounts Entering A New Paradigm?CEFS, FCEF, FOF• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:06 PM • Alpha Gen Capital•38 CommentsNuveen Quality Muni Inc. Fund: Quality Still Shines?NEA• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:36 PM • Maks Financial Services•16 CommentsActivist Investors Have Targeted The Liberty All-Star Equity FundUSA• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:14 PM • George Spritzer, CFA•20 CommentsFlaherty & Crumrine Cut Distributions On Preferred Stock CEFs: What Should An Income Investor Do?DFP, FFC, FLC• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:48 PM • Left Banker•47 CommentsWeekly CEF Roundup: Saba Secures Tender Offers At Clough FundsCLM, CRF, FHY• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:21 PM • Stanford Chemist•10 CommentsA Deep Dive Into BlackRock Taxable Municipal Bond Trust's PortfolioBBN• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:33 PM • David Hsu•14 CommentsMUI: Investment Opportunity For Investors On The Sidelines?MUI• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:51 AM • Maks Financial Services•13 CommentsWhy I'm Selling My CEFL PositionCEFL• Wed, Jul. 19, 10:30 AM • Nick Mackintosh•88 CommentsIntroducing The Weekly CEF RoundupFHY, KEF, LCM• Wed, Jul. 19, 9:38 AM • Stanford Chemist•29 CommentsNBD: Build America And Your Income?NBD• Tue, Jul. 18, 3:51 PM • Maks Financial Services•2 CommentsFunds Outperforming High Yield ETFs While Yielding 8%CEFS, FHY, JNK• Tue, Jul. 18, 12:43 PM • Michael Foster Financial Services•9 CommentsWhy High-Yield Investors Should Choose Closed-End Funds Over BDCsMAIN• Mon, Jul. 17, 1:47 PM • Michael Foster Financial Services•99 CommentsJCE: Still A Better Index Fund?JCE• Mon, Jul. 17, 12:17 PM • Maks Financial Services•4 CommentsEquity CEFs: Just How Much More Love Can Be Thrown Eaton Vance's Way?BOE, BST, CII• Mon, Jul. 17, 10:16 AM • Douglas Albo•32 CommentsObvious Market Inefficiencies Remain Opportunities: CEF Weekly UpdateAPF, BIF, DNI• Mon, Jul. 17, 8:21 AM • Michael Foster Financial Services•2 CommentsPHK Is Still In The Sell ColumnPHK• Sun, Jul. 16, 5:35 AM • Dividend Seeker•17 CommentsWeekly Fund Wrap: The Halftime Show Fri, Jul. 14, 9:33 PM • ADS Analytics•5 CommentsDividend Growth Drives A 10% Yield From Lowell Miller's Closed-End FundHIE• Fri, Jul. 14, 3:12 PM • Left Banker•67 CommentsNuveen Diversified Dividend And Income Fund JDD: Another Discount Realized, Ka-Ching!JDD• Fri, Jul. 14, 2:17 PM • Maks Financial Services•4 CommentsJGH: Great Fund, But Time To Ring The Register?JGH• Thu, Jul. 13, 11:02 AM • Maks Financial Services•8 CommentsDealing With A Dividend Cut In Your CEF PortfolioPMF, PZC• Wed, Jul. 12, 2:31 PM • David Fabian•5 CommentsNuveen Senior Income Fund: Rates Went Up, It RespondedNSL• Wed, Jul. 12, 10:29 AM • Maks Financial Services•9 CommentsReal Asset Income Fund Performing Real WellRA• Wed, Jul. 12, 7:28 AM • Thomas Hughes•9 CommentsJRI: Real Assets, Real Income. UpdatedJRI• Tue, Jul. 11, 11:41 AM • Maks Financial Services•1 CommentThe Month In Closed-End Funds: June 2017CAF, EXGI, HQL• Mon, Jul. 10, 3:58 PM • Tom Roseen•3 CommentsDiversified Real Asset Income Fund: All Good Things Must Merge?DRA• Mon, Jul. 10, 3:29 PM • Maks Financial Services•7 CommentsAggressive Buying And Selling In Closed-End Funds: CEF Weekly UpdateBHV, BIF, DNI• Mon, Jul. 10, 11:10 AM • Michael Foster Financial Services•16 CommentsDespite Narrowing Of Relative Valuation, One National Muni Fund Is Still Better Than The OtherEditors' Pick • KTF, MAV• Mon, Jul. 10, 8:48 AM • Stanford Chemist•30 CommentsWeekly Fund Wrap: Monday Night Dividend MassacrePZC• Mon, Jul. 10, 3:47 AM • ADS Analytics•5 CommentsClosed End Funds And Capital PreservationGGT, HQH, HQL• Sat, Jul. 8, 4:25 AM • Nick Mackintosh•42 CommentsPZC And PMF: Examples Of A Broken Market And An Expensive Lesson For Income InvestorsPZC, PMF• Fri, Jul. 7, 2:46 PM • Arbitrage Trader•25 CommentsWeekly Fund Spotlight: 10% Yield And 13% Discount From This Global Real Estate CEFAWP• Fri, Jul. 7, 11:46 AM • Stanford Chemist•78 CommentsA Good Time To Swap Out Of This Option Income CEFSPXX, CII• Thu, Jul. 6, 7:50 AM • Stanford Chemist•31 CommentsCEF REITs: The Growing And Global Appeal Of Real Estate Wed, Jul. 5, 5:40 PM • Closed-End Fund AssociationThe Chemist's CEF Report - June 2017: Unusual CalmACP, ADX, AKP• Wed, Jul. 5, 10:14 AM • Stanford Chemist•51 CommentsRiverNorth's Bold CEF Move: A 50% Distribution Increase For Its Fund Of FundsRIV• Mon, Jul. 3, 12:38 PM • Left Banker•111 CommentsThe Top Utilities And Infrastructure CEFsBUI, DPG, UTF• Mon, Jul. 3, 11:47 AM • Left Banker•41 CommentsIncome Closed-End Funds: Best To Check Under The HoodDHF, HIO, HYG• Fri, Jun. 30, 10:17 AM • Downtown Investment Advisory•22 CommentsIGA: A Global Covered Call Fund Trading At An Attractive DiscountIGA• Thu, Jun. 29, 10:54 PM • George Spritzer, CFA•34 CommentsTri-Continental Corporation Is An Alternative To Vanguard WellingtonTY, VWELX• Thu, Jun. 29, 4:00 AM • Terry A. Graffis•19 CommentsPrimer On CEF ClassesADX, AFB, AOD• Wed, Jun. 28, 8:43 AM • Stanford Chemist•43 CommentsThe Best And Worst Performing CEFs Of 2017 H1AAXJ, AMLP, CEM• Tue, Jun. 27, 2:17 PM • Michael Foster Financial Services•15 CommentsCEF Review: Utilities And InfrastructureBUI, DNP, DPG• Tue, Jun. 27, 10:43 AM • Left Banker•94 CommentsPGP's Year-To-Date Rise Is Not SustainablePGP• Mon, Jun. 26, 6:59 PM • Dividend Seeker•8 CommentsCEFL With 16.7% Dividend Yield Still Has A Place In A Leveraged High Yield ETN PortfolioCEFL• Mon, Jun. 26, 3:42 PM • Lance Brofman•17 CommentsThe Indiscriminate Buying Warning For Closed-End Fund Investors: CEF Weekly UpdateBIF, DNI, RIF• Mon, Jun. 26, 11:12 AM • Michael Foster Financial Services•12 CommentsIs This The Best Small-Cap Fund For Your Income Portfolio?RVT• Mon, Jun. 26, 9:37 AM • Left Banker•46 CommentsWeekly Fund Wrap: Deja Vu All Over AgainBHK, BIT, DSL• Sat, Jun. 24, 2:44 AM • ADS Analytics•8 CommentsWhy Choosing A Well-Performing Closed-End Fund Is Getting Harder: CEF Weekly UpdateBIF, CLM, CRF• Tue, Jun. 20, 12:30 PM • Michael Foster Financial Services•14 CommentsEquity CEFs: A Little More Sanity In CEFsCGO, CHW, CLM• Mon, Jun. 19, 10:22 AM • Douglas Albo•27 CommentsWeekly Fund Spotlight: Global Covered Call Equity CEFsACWX, BGY, BOE• Mon, Jun. 19, 9:16 AM • Stanford Chemist•25 CommentsWeekly Fund Wrap: Who Let The Hawks Out?EDD, EMD, ERC• Mon, Jun. 19, 3:38 AM • ADS Analytics•6 CommentsA Windfall For EQS ShareholdersEQS• Sun, Jun. 18, 11:32 PM • Thomas Hughes•6 CommentsBIF - An Undervalued Closed End Fund With Plenty Of Upside OpportunityBIF• Thu, Jun. 15, 9:55 AM • Minion Capital•46 CommentsEllsworth Growth And Income Fund: A Low-Risk High-YielderECF• Tue, Jun. 13, 1:19 PM • Sajit Kapurvalapil•6 CommentsPaying Heed To Dividend Sustainability: CEF Weekly UpdateADX, BIF, DNI• Mon, Jun. 12, 11:16 AM • Michael Foster Financial Services•3 CommentsIntroducing The Weekly Fund Spotlight: 13% Yield From This Emerging Market Bond CEFEDF• Mon, Jun. 12, 6:31 AM • Stanford Chemist•41 CommentsWeekly Fund Wrap: The Inoculated MarketAFT, ARDC, EVF• Sat, Jun. 10, 10:20 AM • ADS Analytics•5 CommentsThemes, Trends, And Opportunities In Emerging Markets Fri, Jun. 9, 6:32 PM • Closed-End Fund Association7 Attractive +7% Yield CEFsBIT, DRA, FPL• Fri, Jun. 9, 12:31 PM • Blue Harbinger•42 CommentsThe Month In Closed-End Funds: May 2017 Thu, Jun. 8, 11:05 AM • Tom RoseenWhat's Left In Floating Rate Securities?JQC, VTA• Tue, Jun. 6, 8:53 PM • Alpha Gen Capital•21 CommentsA Growing CEF Opportunity In Real Assets And Alternatives? Tue, Jun. 6, 5:09 PM • Closed-End Fund Association•1 CommentThis Floating-Rate CEF Should Benefit From Rising Interest RatesPHD• Tue, Jun. 6, 1:11 AM • George Spritzer, CFA•56 Comments123456...35Next Page





Financial Stocks including REITs and Investment Companies  | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Financial Stocks including REITs and Investment Companies Westpac Banking And The Prospect Of An Ever Higher Tax BurdenWBK• Yesterday, 7:48 PM • Louis Koen•2 CommentsTembec Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTMBCF• Yesterday, 7:38 PM • SA TranscriptsXL Group plc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesXL• Yesterday, 7:09 PM • SA TranscriptsLegg Mason Inc. 2017 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLM• Yesterday, 7:08 PM • SA TranscriptsDHG: The Register Is Almost Rung!DHG• Yesterday, 7:06 PM • Maks Financial Services•4 CommentsDiscover Financial Services 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesDFS• Yesterday, 7:06 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentIf I Could Buy Just 1 Real Estate StockBPY• Yesterday, 6:08 PM • Trapping Value•37 CommentsIn The Already Saturated Market Of Southern California, Can Another Chinese-American Bank Succeed?RBB• Yesterday, 5:27 PM • Samantha HendrieLadder Capital: Strong Buy On The DropLADR• Yesterday, 5:19 PM • Achilles Research•10 CommentsAmeriprise Financial, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAMP• Yesterday, 4:59 PM • SA TranscriptsCanada's Top Insurance Companies: Sun Life FinancialSLF• Yesterday, 4:21 PM • Mat Litalien•6 CommentsTPG Specialty Lending: Q2 Earnings Beat Will Likely Drive Special Dividends For This High-Quality BDCTSLX• Yesterday, 4:07 PM • BDC Buzz•1 CommentFirst Commonwealth Financial Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFCF• Yesterday, 3:21 PM • SA TranscriptsBGC Partners, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBGCP• Yesterday, 3:21 PM • SA Transcripts•4 CommentsUnum: Time To Take ProfitsUNM• Yesterday, 2:44 PM • MnMInvestor•2 CommentsChemical Financial Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCHFC• Yesterday, 2:36 PM • SA TranscriptsComparing Bank Of America To JPMorgan: Breaking Down Their Income StatementsBAC, JPM• Yesterday, 2:25 PM • Chris B Murphy•5 CommentsValley National Bancorp 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesVLY• Yesterday, 1:40 PM • SA TranscriptsPTY Could Still Trend HigherPTY• Yesterday, 12:45 PM • Dividend Seeker•11 CommentsFlushing Financial Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFFIC• Yesterday, 12:36 PM • SA TranscriptsPopular, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBPOP• Yesterday, 12:00 PM • SA TranscriptsEastGroup Properties Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesEGP• Yesterday, 11:54 AM • SA TranscriptsBuy Regions Financial Corporation For Moderate Growth And IncomeRF• Yesterday, 11:50 AM • Bobak Forouzan•5 CommentsGBAB - Best Performing Build America Bond Portfolio?GBAB• Yesterday, 11:28 AM • Maks Financial Services•4 CommentsTRI Pointe Homes 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTPH• Yesterday, 11:12 AM • SA TranscriptsBOK Financial Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBOKF• Yesterday, 11:06 AM • SA TranscriptsCentral Pacific Financial Corp. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCPF• Yesterday, 10:57 AM • SA TranscriptsSterling Bancorp 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSTL• Yesterday, 10:48 AM • SA TranscriptsGet Twice The Market's Dividend Yield With A Big And Cheap BankCM• Yesterday, 10:38 AM • Jonathan Weber•14 CommentsMarketAxess Holdings, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMKTX• Yesterday, 10:29 AM • SA TranscriptsCitigroup: 2020 VisionC• Yesterday, 10:26 AM • FIG Ideas•4 CommentsThe Strategy Behind The Dividend Champion DominanceO• Yesterday, 10:11 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•14 CommentsMid-America Apartment Communities Inc.: Buy, Don't Rent This REITMAA• Yesterday, 10:00 AM • Millennial Investing•3 CommentsState Street Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSTT• Yesterday, 9:18 AM • SA TranscriptsNasdaq Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesNDAQ• Yesterday, 9:16 AM • SA TranscriptsCoreLogic, INC. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCLGX• Yesterday, 9:13 AM • SA Transcripts80% Upside With Innovative IndustrialIIPR• Yesterday, 9:12 AM • Dane Bowler•20 CommentsUMB Financial Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesUMBF• Yesterday, 9:10 AM • SA TranscriptsFirst Financial Bancorp. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFFBC• Yesterday, 9:07 AM • SA TranscriptsTrustmark Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTRMK• Yesterday, 8:59 AM • SA TranscriptsQTS Realty Trust, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesQTS• Yesterday, 8:58 AM • SA TranscriptsThe Optimal REIT Portfolio For The Generalist: Yield REITsCCP, CUBE, FRT• Yesterday, 8:52 AM • Hoya Capital Real Estate•8 CommentsHDFC Bank: India's Unbanked Population Presents An OpportunityHDB• Yesterday, 8:40 AM • David Krejca•2 Comments'Our Restructuring Is Over' Says Michael Corbat Of CitigroupC• Yesterday, 8:29 AM • John M. Mason•8 CommentsNo-Brainer - Bank Of AmericaBAC• Yesterday, 8:19 AM • Leo Nelissen•7 CommentsBlackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBXMT• Yesterday, 8:17 AM • SA TranscriptsT. Rowe: Kicking Into High GearTROW• Yesterday, 8:11 AM • Samuel Smith•6 CommentsA Private Pay Health Care REIT That Yields 10%Editors' Pick • SNR• Yesterday, 6:45 AM • Brad Thomas•83 CommentsWells Fargo - A Return To Ethical Banking?WFC• Yesterday, 5:19 AM • Mary Jane Fountain•10 CommentsWhy Trupanion Could Be A Long-Term CompounderTRUP• Yesterday, 3:07 AM • Wiedower Capital•6 CommentsFlagstar Bancorp, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFBC• Tue, Jul. 25, 8:15 PM • SA TranscriptsFCB Financial Holdings 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFCB• Tue, Jul. 25, 8:09 PM • SA TranscriptsSell Wheeler Before The Dividend Gets ObliteratedEditors' Pick • WHLR• Tue, Jul. 25, 7:58 PM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•44 CommentsCommercial Bank RBB Bancorp Prepares For IPORBB• Tue, Jul. 25, 7:04 PM • Don Dion•1 CommentHuntington Bancshares: A Regional Bank That May Rise With YieldsHBAN• Tue, Jul. 25, 7:04 PM • Chris B Murphy•3 CommentsHoulihan Lokey 2018 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHLI• Tue, Jul. 25, 6:54 PM • SA TranscriptsU.S. Bancorp's Policy Shift Contradicts Objective Of Bank's Client - Federal GovernmentUSB• Tue, Jul. 25, 4:26 PM • John Burnett•15 CommentsThis 4.7% Yielding Top-Shelf REIT Just Raised Its Dividend By More Than 4%NNN• Tue, Jul. 25, 4:08 PM • Achilles Research•6 CommentsEnterprise Financial Services Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesEFSC• Tue, Jul. 25, 3:52 PM • SA TranscriptsMorgan Stanley: Still Very CheapMS• Tue, Jul. 25, 3:31 PM • The First Mover•3 CommentsCitigroup (C) Investor Presentation - SlideshowC• Tue, Jul. 25, 3:17 PM • SA Transcripts•2 CommentsMercury General In The Garden PortfolioMCY• Tue, Jul. 25, 3:10 PM • DJ Habig•6 CommentsLiberty Property Trust 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLPT• Tue, Jul. 25, 1:27 PM • SA TranscriptsNuveen Build America Bond Fund: The Bigger, Better, Build America Bond Fund?NBB• Tue, Jul. 25, 11:57 AM • Maks Financial Services•3 CommentsOld National Bancorp 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesONB• Tue, Jul. 25, 11:24 AM • SA TranscriptsNew Docs Undermine Government's Legal Defense Of GSE NWSFNMA, FMCC• Tue, Jul. 25, 11:18 AM • Glen Bradford•156 CommentsEverest Re Group Ltd. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesRE• Tue, Jul. 25, 11:00 AM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentArlington Asset Investment Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAI• Tue, Jul. 25, 10:47 AM • SA TranscriptsHorace Mann Educators Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHMN• Tue, Jul. 25, 10:45 AM • SA TranscriptsBank Of America: Why Investors Shouldn't Hit The Panic ButtonBAC• Tue, Jul. 25, 10:25 AM • Chris B Murphy•11 CommentsBank Of America: Comparing Management Performance To JPMorgan, Citigroup And Wells FargoBAC• Tue, Jul. 25, 9:52 AM • Chris B Murphy•4 CommentsMall REITs Are Good Bets Now, And Simon Property Group Is Among The SafestSPG• Tue, Jul. 25, 9:39 AM • Herman Tai•25 CommentsBB&T: Buy This Bank Before It Becomes A PowerhouseBBT• Tue, Jul. 25, 9:24 AM • Orlando Vega•13 CommentsAmerican Campus Communities, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesACC• Tue, Jul. 25, 9:16 AM • SA TranscriptsIndependent Bank Group 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesIBTX• Tue, Jul. 25, 9:04 AM • SA Transcripts123456...658Next Page








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Real Assets Fund (PRAFX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Real Assets Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRAFX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/26/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$11.17
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.07
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/26/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								4.00%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$10.51
							
							-
							
								$11.40
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$3,294.99

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						




				Morningstar rated the Real Assets Fund among 
129,
129,
115
and 
N/A
Natural Resources
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks 
long-term growth of capital.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					2.64%
				
			

				
					2.64%
				
			


3 Years

				
					-2.33%
				
			

				
					-2.33%
				
			


5 Years

				
					2.69%
				
			

				
					2.69%
				
			


10 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 3.00%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							3.00%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							July 28, 2010
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.84%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.84%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			


				The Real Assets Fund charges a 2% 
redemption fee on shares held 90 days or less. 
The performance information shown does not reflect the deduction of the redemption fee; 
if it did, the performance would be lower.
			


2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Wed Jul 26 22:50:31 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund





















404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                












Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari














Mutual Fund Research Tool - T. Rowe Price















































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	


















Log Out
Log In

Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers













 
 


























Home
      / Mutual Funds


Print
Email
Text size




Mutual Fund Research Tool


Find T. Rowe Price mutual funds that match your investment goals.

Filter funds by category, objective, or Morningstar rating. Select the appropriate box on the far left-hand side of the tool.


Sort by rolling over a mutual fund and using the arrows to find key information.


Compare key information such as performance and asset allocation by rolling over individual funds and clicking the "Add to Compare" box. Once you choose your funds, click "Compare Now" button for results.



 


For detailed information about each fund, including its risks, click on the mutual fund name. For standardized total returns as of the most recent calendar quarter end, click on the Performance link within the chart below.



Call an Investment Specialist at 800-365-7530.











Show All Mutual Funds
	There  that match: 


		For investors who plan to retire close to a certain year, these "all in one" funds 
		adjust the mix of stocks and bonds throughout the investor's retirement horizon.
	

		Offer long-term growth potential by investing primarily in stocks of U.S. companies—ranging 
		from broadly diversified to sector-specific.
	

		For investors interested in regular income, these funds invest in corporate- and/or government-issued bonds. 
	

		Offer income free of federal and sometimes state and local taxes by investing in bonds 
		issued by municipalities.
	

		Pursue opportunities in many of today's fastest-growing foreign markets—ranging from 
		globally diversified to region- or country-specific.
	

		Offer diversification and income by investing in bonds issued outside the U.S.
	

		Stress capital preservation and may provide some income—best suited for money 
		designated for short-term goals. 
	

		Convenient, one-step mutual funds that combine stocks and bonds to provide a broadly 
		diversified investment. 
	

		Stresses capital preservation and are best suited for investors who may need to use 
		their savings within a couple years or to fund an emergency reserve.
	

		Designed to generate income and may be particularly beneficial for investors looking 
		to supplement their retirement income. 
	

		Designed specifically for retirement goals. Just choose the fund with the year closest
		to when you expect to retire. 
	

		Provide long-term capital growth potential while seeking to reduce the long-term tax burden.
	

		Provide current income that is free from federal and possibly state and local taxes. Best 
		suited for investors in higher tax brackets.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to 
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to 
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Independent analysts at Morningstar provide their mutual fund picks on a category-by-category basis.
	

		Long-tenured, well-established mutual funds that investors have chosen for over 15 years.
	

		Funds that charge redemption fees.
	

		Funds that are open to new investors.
	




Category

Target Date Funds
 Domestic Stock Funds
 Domestic Bond Funds
 Tax-Free Bond Funds*
 International &Global Stock Funds
 International &Global Bond Funds
 Money Market Funds1,2
 Asset Allocation Funds

Objective

 Tax-Efficient
 Tax-Exempt*

Ranking
Morningstar Rating:

4 & 5 Star Fundsε
 3 Star Fundsε
 1 & 2 Star Fundsε

Fund Attributes

 Open To New Investors
Redemption Fees

Share Class

Investor Class
I Class







Performance
Ratings + Rankings
Management + Objective
Prices + Yields












1 Retail Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. Beginning October 14, 2016, the Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.

2 Government Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.


^ The T. Rowe Price Funds-I Class share the portfolio of an existing fund 
(the original share class of the fund is referred to as the "investor class"). 
The total return figures for I Class shares have been calculated using the performance 
data of the investor class up to the inception date of the I Class (shown in the 
performance sub-tab when the fund is hovered over) and the actual performance 
results of the I Class since that date. Because the I Classes are expected to have 
lower expenses than the Investor Classes, the I Class performance, had it existed 
over the periods shown, would have been higher. 
					

						The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
					
* Some income is subject to state and local taxes and the federal alternative minimum tax.


















		Please wait while we load your data.
	





Fund Comparison







 
 


 





















Our Mission Is Simple.
					  Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
					


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement





Feedback

Mobile Solutions
Contact Us








The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

				©Thu Jul 27 03:41:25 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
				All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
			



 
 












Fixed Income Investments and Bonds - Fidelity















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 













                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Fixed Income & Bonds
                                                        

                                           

			Fixed income investments generally pay a return on a fixed schedule, though the amount of the payments can vary. Individual bonds may be the best known type of fixed income security, but the category also includes bond funds, ETFs, CDs, and money market funds.
Open an Account














Are you paying too much for bonds somewhere else?




See why it can be better to buy your bonds here

												
												
													
														In a study conducted by Corporate Insight, our bond pricing beat markup-based brokers by an average of $13 per trade online. That could add up to a cost savings of hundreds of dollars on a typical bond order.2










Largest selection of bonds and CDs offered at a single firm





Individual Bonds


Bonds make interest payments and repay the principal on a fixed schedule. Interest and principal payments are subject to the creditworthiness of the issuer.






Bond Funds


Bond mutual funds invest primarily in individual bonds. Many make periodic dividend payments based on the interest paid by the bonds held in the fund.






Fixed Income ETFs


Exchange-traded funds (ETFs) are baskets of investments that trade as a single unit throughout the day.












Certificates of Deposit (CDs)


CDs offer FDIC insurance,3 providing a guarantee of the invested principal up to certain limits.






Money Market Funds


Money market funds are managed to help preserve your principal by investing in lower-risk debt securities with shorter maturities.




Deferred Fixed Annuities4

Deferred fixed annuities offer a guaranteed5 rate of return over a set time period, with tax deferral.




Other income offerings

Fixed Income Annuities
Structured Products
Managed Accounts
Other Income-Generating Products












Compare fixed income products


 






Why Buy Bonds & CDs at Fidelity?


Extensive bond & CD inventory
Transparent, simplified pricing: $1 per bond1
Bond market news and issuer research
Professional-grade tools and trading data
Expert service

Learn more

Fidelity Webinars
Evolve your investing strategy: sign up for live educational webinar notifications.



Research, tools, and education



Research fixed income & bonds


Stay up to date with news, market data, and research on fixed income investing and the bond market.
Fixed Income Tools & Services

Create a retirement income strategy, build a bond ladder, or stay on top of market updates.
Learn About Fixed Income & Bonds

Gain a deeper understanding of fixed income and bonds in the Fidelity Learning Center.
















Questions?


800-343-3548
800-343-3548

Chat with a representative


Find an Investor Center







Find a bond








CUSIP (New & Secondary)






Name (Secondary)




Name Secondary

Select Type
Agency/GSE
CDs
Corporate
Municipal



Search on CUSIP

Go



Not a Fidelity customer or guest? Get free Guest Access to try this and our other resources







Find CDs and rates



New issues




Secondary marketLog In Required







From our experts




										
										Q3 market update 





										
										Q3 market update 





										
										Manage your cash in retirement 



View all fixed income articles














1. Minimum concessions of $19.95 if traded with a Fidelity representative. For U.S Treasury purchases traded with a Fidelity representative, a flat charge of $19.95 per trade applies. A $250 maximum applies to all trades and is reduced to a $50 maximum for bonds maturing in one year or less. Fixed income trading requires a Fidelity brokerage account with a minimum opening balance of $2,500. Rates are for U.S. Dollar denominated bonds, additional fees and minimums apply for non-Dollar bond trades. Other conditions may apply. See Fidelity.com/commissions for details. Please note that concessions may impact the total cost of the transaction and the total, or "effective," yield of your investment. The offering broker, which may be our affiliate National Financial Services LLC, may separately mark up on mark down the price of the security and may realize a trading profit or loss on the transaction.


2. Fidelity commissioned Corporate Insight to study bond pricing, available online, for self-directed retail investors from five brokers that offer corporate and municipal bonds. The study compared online bond prices for over 20,000 municipal and corporate inventory matches between September 2nd and October 6th, 2015. It compared municipal and corporate inventories offered online in quantities of at least $10,000 face or par value. The study found on average that three competitors that bundled their markups or fees into their online bond prices were asking an average of $13.97 more per bond. Corporate Insight determined the average cost differential by calculating the difference between the costs of matching corporate and municipal bond inventory at Fidelity vs. these markup-based firms in the study, then averaging the differences across all of the competitor firms. Hypothetical cost savings of $286 is based on an average size order of $22,000 face or par value bonds and average cost differential of $13 per bond.


          3. For the purposes of FDIC insurance coverage limits, all depository assets of the accountholder at the institution that issued the CD will generally be counted toward the aggregate limit (usually $250,000) for each applicable category of account. FDIC insurance does not cover market losses. All of the new issue brokered CDs Fidelity offers are FDIC insured. In some cases, CDs may be purchased on the secondary market at a price that reflects a premium to their principal value. This premium is ineligible for FDIC insurance. For details on FDIC insurance limits, see www.fdic.gov.
	
    

          4. Fixed annuities available at Fidelity are issued by third-party insurance companies, which are not affiliated with any Fidelity Investments company. These products are distributed by Fidelity Insurance Agency, Inc., and, for certain products, Fidelity Brokerage Services, Member NYSE, SIPC . Some deferred fixed annuities have a market value adjustment (MVA), which generally applies if a client surrenders the contract or withdraws funds in excess of the free withdrawal amount before the end of the guarantee period. The amount the client receives will be adjusted based on interest rate conditions at that time.


Each individual's situation is unique and therefore seeking additional guidance from a tax advisor is suggested. Although deferred fixed annuities offer tax-deferral, if you are considering one to fund a qualified retirement plan or IRA, you should do so for the annuity's features and benefits other than tax deferral. In such cases, tax deferral is not an additional benefit of the deferred fixed annuity.
	
    

          5. A contract's financial guarantees are solely the responsibility of and are subject to the claims-paying ability of the issuing insurance company.


You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. An investment in a money market fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Before investing, always read a money market fund’s prospectus for policies specific to that fund.


          In general, the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk, and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so holding them until maturity to avoid losses caused by price volatility is not possible. Any fixed income security sold or redeemed prior to maturity may be subject to loss.
	
    

High-yield/non-investment-grade bonds involve greater price volatility and risk of default than investment-grade bonds.


          ETFs are subject to market fluctuation and the risks of their underlying investments. ETFs are subject to management fees and other expenses. Unlike mutual funds, ETF shares are bought and sold at market price, which may be higher or lower than their NAV, and are not individually redeemed from the fund.
	
    

          Fidelity makes certain new issue products available without a separate transaction fee. Fidelity may receive compensation from issuers for participating in the offering as a selling group member and/or underwriter. For representative assisted treasury auction orders, a $19.95 transaction fee applies.
	
    

Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.



625672.11.0











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.

















 




Money Market Mutual Funds - Fidelity















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+




Default text size A


Larger text size A


Largest text size A
 














Fixed Income & Bonds Overview














                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           

			A money market fund is a type of fixed income mutual fund that invests in debt securities that are characterized by their short maturities and minimal credit risk.
Open an Account




















For money market funds, income can be either taxable or tax exempt, depending on the types of securities in which the fund invests. These may include short-term U.S. Treasury securities, federal agency notes, Eurodollar deposits, repurchase agreements, certificates of deposit, corporate commercial paper; or obligations of states, cities, or other types of municipal agencies.
How Fidelity Manages Money Market Funds










Types of money market funds



U.S. Treasury and government money market1

Invest in U.S. Treasury and other taxable U.S. government securities.
Two funds are available for use as the non-core or core position in a retirement or non-retirement account:
Fidelity® Government Money Market Fund (SPAXX)
Fidelity® Treasury Fund (FZFXX)
Note: minimum investment requirements do not apply to core positions.
Daily pricing/yields for all Fidelity U.S. Treasury and government money market funds



Prime (general purpose) money market2

Invest in high‐quality, U.S. dollar‐denominated, short‐term taxable money market securities from government and private issuers, including corporations.
Fidelity offers two funds for use by institutional investors:
FIMM: Prime – Class I (FIDXX)
FIMM: Prime – IL Class (FIPXX)
Note: minimum initial investment is $1 million+
Daily pricing/yields for all Fidelity Prime (general purpose) money market funds



National municipal money market3

Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes, and in some cases the alternative minimum tax.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity national municipal money market funds



State municipal money market3

Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes and may be exempt from state income taxes depending on your state of residence.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity state municipal money market funds











Additional resources




What are money market funds?

Money market mutual fund regulatory developments















Questions?


800-544-5372 
800-544-5372 

Chat with a representative






From our experts




										
										Seek more yield on cash 





										
										Rising interest rates and you 





										
										4 ways to earn more on savings 





View all money market funds articles.






Mutual fund resources



Help finding funds




Fidelity Fund News & Analysis




Fidelity fund prices & documents



















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information.  Read it carefully.


          1.
	
	
	       
					
You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to money market funds and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


Fidelity’s government and U.S. Treasury money market funds will not impose a fee upon the sale of your shares, nor temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the fund's weekly liquid assets fall below 30% of its total assets because of market conditions or other factors.


          2.
	
	
	       You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Because the share price of the fund will fluctuate, when you sell your shares they may be worth more or less than what you originally paid for them. The Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund’s liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


          3.
	
	
	       You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. The Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund’s liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


          The municipal market can be affected by adverse tax, legislative or political changes and the financial condition of the issuers of municipal securities. Interest rate increases can cause the price of a money market security to decrease. Municipal funds normally seek to earn income and pay dividends that are expected to be exempt from federal income tax. If a fund investor is resident in the state of issuance of the bonds held by the fund, interest dividends may also be exempt from state and local income taxes. Such interest dividends may be subject to federal and/or state alternative minimum taxes. Certain funds normally seek to invest only in municipal securities generating income exempt from both federal income taxes and the federal alternative minimum tax; however, outcomes cannot be guaranteed, and the funds may sometimes generate income subject to these taxes. Fund shareholders may also receive taxable distributions attributable to a fund's sale of municipal bonds.


Generally, tax-exempt municipal securities are not appropriate holdings for tax advantaged accounts such as IRAs and 401(k)s.
	
    

          * Other fees and expenses applicable to continued investment are described in the fund's current prospectus.
	
    


607575.11.0










Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









 

close

core position
the core position is automatically established when an account is opened and is used for processing cash transactions and holding uninvested cash in your account. when a security is sold or a deposit is received, the proceeds are deposited into the position; when a security is bought or a payment is made, cash in the core position is used to pay for the trade


 












 




Bond Funds - Bond Mutual Funds at Fidelity















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+




Default text size A


Larger text size A


Largest text size A
 














Fixed Income & Bonds Overview














                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           

			Bond funds are professionally managed portfolios that invest in individual fixed income securities.
Open an Account




















 Reasons to consider bond funds 

Potential for capital preservation, depending on the fund
Income generation
Diversification for a potential hedge against stock market volatility
Liquidity

Funds are guided by a stated objective, generally focusing on a particular sector, such as corporate or Treasury bonds; a broad category, such as investment grade or high yield securities; or a specific time horizon, such as short-, intermediate-, or long-term bonds.
How Fidelity manages bond funds










Types of bond funds



Investment grade

Invest in high credit quality securities issued by the U.S. Treasury, U.S. government agencies, and U.S. corporations, as well as bonds backed by mortgages or other assets. Learn more about types of investment grade bond funds.
Research investment grade bond funds



Municipal

Invest in bonds issued by state governments and municipalities. While they tend to offer lower yields, the income they generate is generally free from federal income taxes.* Learn more about types of municipal bond funds.
Research municipal bond funds



High yield

Invest primarily in lower credit quality securities, including convertible securities. While these can potentially provide income and total returns higher than those offered by investment grade bond funds, they do have the potential for greater volatility and risk. Learn more about types of high yield bond funds.
Research high yield bond funds



Multisector

Invest in a mix of taxable bonds, including both high yield and investment grade securities issued by the U.S. and by foreign governments, as well as domestic and foreign corporations, giving investors the ability to create a diversified fixed income portfolio through a single fund. Learn more about multisector bond funds.
Research multisector bond funds



International & global

International bond funds invest in a range of taxable bonds issued by foreign governments and corporations. Global bond funds invest in bonds from around the world, including bonds issued by U.S. government agencies and corporations. Learn more about types of international and global bond funds.
Research international and global bond funds









Compare risks associated with different types of bond funds

 




Quick searches



Fund Picks from Fidelity®






Predefined screens for mutual funds








Additional resources



Income-Producing Funds in Fidelity Fund Picks®
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity bond index funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity high yield bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity international and global bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity national municipal bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity state municipal bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity taxable bond funds















Questions?


800-544-5372 
800-544-5372 

Chat with a representative






From our experts




										
										An alternative for cash? 





										
										Washington watch 





										
										Inflation risks may rise 





View all bond funds articles.






Mutual fund resources



Help finding funds




Fidelity Fund News & Analysis




Fidelity fund prices & documents



















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information.  Read it carefully.


          In general the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so avoiding losses caused by price volatility by holding them until maturity is not possible.


Foreign investments involve greater risks than U.S. investments, including political and economic risks and the risk of currency fluctuations.
	
    

High-yield/non-investment-grade bonds involve greater price volatility and risk of default than investment-grade bonds.


Investments in mortgage securities are subject to the risk that principal will be repaid prior to maturity.  As a result, when interest rates decline, gains may be reduced, and when interest rates rise, losses may be greater.


          * The municipal market can be affected by adverse tax, legislative or political changes and the financial condition of the issuers of municipal securities. Income exempt from federal income tax may be subject to state or local tax. If a fund investor is resident in the state of issuance of the bonds held by the fund, interest dividends may also be exempt from state and local income taxes. All or a portion of the fund’s income may be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax. Income or fund distributions attributable to capital gains are usually subject to both state and federal income taxes. Generally, tax-exempt municipal securities are not appropriate holdings for tax advantaged accounts such as IRAs and 401(k)s.
	
    


607640.3.0










Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.

















 




Why Fidelity - Trading













































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 

























The Fidelity Advantage


Planning & Advice


Trading


Straightforward Pricing


Insights & Tools


Security & Protection







                
                
                The Fidelity Advantage

                
                
                Planning & Advice

                
                
                Trading

                
                
                Straightforward Pricing

                
                
                Insights & Tools

                    
                    
                
                Security & Protection


Go








Trades are just $4.95
We cut the price of online U.S. equity trades to give you more value. So whether you're trading in your investment or retirement account, you'll be trading with a clear advantage.
Open an Account













 



Get the most from every trade






Great value for trades

Pay just $4.951 for online U.S. equity trades, plus $0.65 per options contract. Get margin rates as low as 4.25%.2


Powerful tools & research

Fuel your ideas with research, educational insights, and cutting edge tools like Active Trader Pro®.


Broad choice of investments

Access a range of investments including stocks, options, ETFs, mutual funds, bonds, CDs, IPOs, and precious metals.














 
Fidelity
TD Ameritrade
Schwab
E*Trade




Price for online U.S. equity and option trades
$4.95
$6.95
$4.95
$6.95


Most commission-free ETFs available for purchase online from iShares®
70
47
0
0


Displays price improvement on your trades

--
--
--


Online options (per contract rate)
$0.65
$0.75
$0.65
$0.75


In-depth research from 20+ independent providers
Yes
No
No
No


Get stock ratings from top analysts in a single score

with Equity Summary Score by Thomson Reuters StarMine

--
--
--




Table compares pricing for retail investors.















Best Online Broker
2016, 2017





Best Overall Online Broker
5-time winner





Best Online Broker
2015, 2016 & 2017


Open an account









Get the Active Trader advantage
Access our exclusive suite of sophisticated tools, services, and resources to help you unlock your full trading potential. You’ll also get access to our cutting-edge desktop trading platforms.

Find out more









Tools that offer you real insights





Stock Screener
From desktop to phones, we've made it easier for you to find investments that match your criteria or easily access predefined third-party expert screens.

Try our Stock Screener





Stock Research Dashboard
Discover and validate investment opportunities though third party expert research and data visualizations tools, including fundamental and technical data, social trends, advanced charts and more.

Learn more about stock trading





Active Trader Pro®
Spot buying opportunities with interactive charting. Create potential profit & loss scenarios that help you know when to sell. Working directly from the charts, you can buy, sell, and place alerts.

Learn more about Active Trader Pro®








Investment choices to fit your strategy 
No matter what you are saving for, whether it's retirement or any other goals, we offer you a broad range of options to fit your needs. With low rates, powerful tools, and research, we'll help provide the edge you need to trade with confidence.







Stocks




We offer domestic and international stocks, Real Estate Investment Trusts, Initial Public Offerings, and more. Only $4.95 for U.S. equity trades online.








Options




We'll help you find, analyze, and implement options trades. Pay $4.95 per trade, plus $0.65 per contract online, and get margin rates as low as 4.25%. 







Bonds & CDs




40,000 new-issue and secondary market bonds and CDs, and 60,000 total offerings. $1 per bond pricing for online trades.











ETFs 


Buy 91 commission-free ETFs online from Fidelity and iShares®. Our diverse offering includes 11 Fidelity sector ETFs, 3 Fidelity bond ETFs and 6 Fidelity factor ETFs. 






Mutual Funds 


With 70 years of experience and over 200 million investors, we offer 10,000+ Fidelity and non-Fidelity mutual funds covering companies worldwide. 






Sector Funds 


Get targeted exposure to the stocks of companies in specific segments with the largest selection of actively managed sector funds in the industry. 











Get started
Open an Account


Learn more about
Planning & Advice

Straightforward Pricing












We're here to help

Help is here 24/7. Call us, chat with an Investment Professional, or visit an Investor Center.

Check out our FAQs






Call anytime:

800-343-3548



Chat with an Investment Professional



Find an Investor Center









Find out what others are saying about us






Ratings and Reviews

See how customers rate our accounts, products, and services.


Customer Stories

Read what customers have to say about their experiences with us.


Awards and Recognition

See what independent third-party reviewers think of our products and services.

















Free commission offer applies to online purchases of Fidelity ETFs and select iShares ETFs in a Fidelity brokerage account. Fidelity accounts may require minimum balances. The sale of ETFs is subject to an activity assessment fee (from $0.01 to $0.03 per $1,000 of principal). iShares ETFs and Fidelity ETFs are subject to a short-term trading fee by Fidelity if held less than 30 days.


          1.
	
	
	       $4.95 commission applies to online U.S. equity trades in a Fidelity retail account only for Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC retail clients. Certain accounts may require a minimum opening balance of $2,500. Sell orders are subject to an activity assessment fee (from $0.01 to $0.03 per $1,000 of principal). Other conditions may apply. See Fidelity.com/commissions for details. Employee equity compensation transactions and accounts managed by advisors or intermediaries through Fidelity Clearing and Custody Solutions are subject to different commission schedules.



Minimum concessions of $19.95 apply if traded with a Fidelity representative. For U.S. Treasury purchases traded with a Fidelity representative, a flat charge of $19.95 per trade applies. A $250 maximum applies to all trades, reduced to a $50 maximum for bonds maturing in one year or less. Fixed income trading requires a Fidelity brokerage account with a minimum opening balance of $2,500. Rates are for U.S. dollar–denominated bonds; additional fees and minimums apply for non-dollar bond trades. Other conditions may apply; see Fidelity.com/commissions for details. Please note that concessions may affect the total cost of the transaction and the total, or "effective," yield of your investment. The offering broker, which may be our affiliate National Financial Services LLC, may separately mark up or mark down the price of the security and may realize a trading profit or loss on the transaction.



          ETFs are subject to market fluctuation and the risks of their underlying investments. ETFs are subject to management fees and other expenses. Unlike mutual funds, ETF shares are bought and sold at market price, which may be higher or lower than their NAV, and are not individually redeemed from the fund.
	
    

Options trading entails significant risk and is not appropriate for all investors. Certain complex options strategies carry additional risk. Before trading options, please read Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options . Supporting documentation for any claims, if applicable, will be furnished upon request.


          Commission comparison based on published website commission schedules for retail accounts, as of 03/13/2017, for E*Trade, Schwab and TD Ameritrade for online U.S. equity trades. For E*Trade: $6.95 per trade for 0 to 29 trades per quarter and $4.95 per trade for 30 or more trades per quarter. For TD Ameritrade: $6.95 per market or limit order trade for an unlimited amount of shares. For Schwab: $4.95 for up to 999,999 shares per trade, though orders of 10,000 or more shares or greater than $500,000 may be eligible for special pricing. Employee equity compensation transactions and accounts managed by advisors or intermediaries through Fidelity Clearing and Custody Solutions are subject to different commission schedules. Commissions are subject to change without notice. See each provider’s website for any additional information and restrictions.
	
    

          2. 4.25% rate available for debit balances over $1,000,000. Fidelity's current Base Margin Rate, effective since 6/16/2017, is 7.325%.
	
    

Barron's, March 20, 2017 and March 19, 2016 Online Broker Surveys. 2017: Fidelity was evaluated against 15 others and earned the top overall score of 35.6 out of a possible 40. The firm was also named best online broker for Long-Term Investing (shared with 2 others), Best for Novices (shared with 1 other), and Best for Investor Education (shared with 2 others). Fidelity was also ranked 1st in the following categories: Trading Experience & Technology (shared with 2 others), Mobile (shared with 1 other), Research Amenities, and Portfolio Analysis and Reports (shared with 2 others). 2016: Fidelity was evaluated against 15 others and earned the top overall score of 34.9 out of a possible 40.0. Fidelity was also named Best Online Broker for Long-Term Investing (shared with one other), Best for Novices (shared with one other), and Best for In-Person Service (shared with four others), and was ranked first in the following categories: trading technology; range of offerings (tied with one other firm); and customer service, education, and security. Overall ranking for both years based on unweighted ratings in the following categories: trading experience & technology; usability; mobile; range of offerings; research amenities; portfolio analysis and reports; customer service, education, and security; and costs.
	
    

Kiplinger’s magazine, August 2016. Online Broker Survey. Fidelity was ranked No. 1 overall out of seven online brokers. Results based on ratings in the following categories: Commissions and Fees, Breadth of Investment Choices, Tools, Research, Ease of Use, Mobile, and Advisory.


Investor's Business Daily® (IBD), January 2015, 2016 and 2017: Best Online Brokers Special Report. January 2015: Fidelity ranked in the top five in 9 out of 11 categories. Fidelity was named first in Research Tools, Investment Research, Portfolio Analysis and Reports, and Educational Resources. January 2016: Fidelity ranked in the top five in 10 out of 12 categories. Fidelity was named first in Trade Reliability, Research Tools, Investment Research, Portfolio Analysis and Reports, and Educational Resources. January 2017: Fidelity ranked in the top two in all 13 categories. Fidelity was named first in Research Tools, Portfolio Analysis and Reports, Investment Research, Educational Resources, and Planning Tools. Results in 2017 were based on having the highest Customer Experience Index within the categories composing the survey, as scored by more than 4,752 respondents in the survey conducted by Investor’s Business Daily’s polling partner, TechnoMetrica Market Intelligence. © Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved.
	
    

          Dynatrace 2016 Digital Experience Report: Best of the Web provides a comparative performance assessment for the largest companies across six major industries: banking, brokerage, insurance, media, retail, and travel. The report evaluates each company’s digital experience delivery throughout 2015. When Dynatrace used a trade quote to assess transaction performance and speed, Fidelity emerged as the clear leader across all industries. Fidelity beat the competition for brokerage website and mobile load time, availability, and consistency.
	
    

          Fidelity is 28.77 percent lower than TD Ameritrade’s $6.95 per market or limit order trade for an unlimited amount of shares and eTrade’s commission of $6.95 per trade for 0 to 29 trades per quarter.
	
    

          Advice refers to investment management services offered within our professionally managed accounts
	
    

This information is provided by Social Market Analytics, an unaffiliated third-party vendor that uses its own proprietary methodology to analyze data from public social media sites to provide information about specific stocks, and Fidelity has not validated the integrity of this data.


The Fidelity ETF Screener is a research tool provided to help self-directed investors evaluate these types of securities. The criteria and inputs entered are at the sole discretion of the user, and all screens or strategies with preselected criteria (including expert ones) are solely for the convenience of the user. Expert Screeners are provided by independent companies not affiliated with Fidelity. Information supplied or obtained from these Screeners is for informational purposes only and should not be considered investment advice or guidance, an offer of or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell securities, or a recommendation or endorsement by Fidelity of any security or investment strategy. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy or approach to screening or evaluating stocks, preferred securities, exchange-traded products, or closed-end funds. Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from its use. Determine which securities are right for you based on your investment objectives, risk tolerance, financial situation, and other individual factors, and reevaluate them on a periodic basis.


News, commentary, and research reports are from third-party sources unaffiliated with Fidelity. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt their content. Fidelity makes no guarantees that the information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from its use.


          In general, the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk, and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so holding them until maturity to avoid losses caused by price volatility is not possible. Any fixed income security sold or redeemed prior to maturity may be subject to loss.
	
    

There is an Options Regulatory Fee from $0.04 to $0.06 per contract, which applies to both option buy and sell transactions. The fee is subject to change.


Stock markets are volatile and can fluctuate significantly in response to company, industry, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments. Investing in stock involves risks, including the loss of principal.


Because of their narrow focus, sector investments tend to be more volatile than investments that diversify across many sectors and companies.


System availability and response times may be subject to market conditions.


Before investing in any mutual fund, consider the investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.



773792.20.0











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









close





Retirement IRAs

Open a Rollover IRA






Open a Roth IRA










Open a Traditional IRA














Investing & Savings

Open a Brokerage Account






Open a Cash Management Account










Open Both Accounts

Open both a brokerage and cash management account to easily transfer and protect your funds.








See All Accounts


















 

