



Kentucky Bourbon Tales Oral History Project | Louie B. Nunn Center for Oral History – J. McCauley Brown













































Follow us


Facebook Page










 



Interviews

Baker Beam
Craig Beam
Parker Beam
Brad Boswell
John Boswell
Campbell Brown
Mac Brown
Edwin Foote
Joseph Magliocco
Chris Morris
Fred Noe
Olivia Ripy
Thomas Ripy
Eddie Russell
Jimmy Russell
Jim Rutledge
Peter Rutledge
Bill Samuels
Rob Samuels
Max Shapira
Dace Stubbs
Frenchie Sweatt
Andrea Wilson
Al Young


Companies

Brown-Forman
Diageo
Four Roses
Heaven Hill
Jim Beam
Maker’s Mark
Wild Turkey


Brands

Baker’s
Basil Hayden’s
Blanton’s
Booker’s
Early Times
Elijah Craig
Evan Williams
Four Roses Single Barrel
Four Roses Small Batch
Four Roses Yellow Label
Heaven Hill
Jefferson’s Reserve
Jim Beam
Knob Creek
Maker’s Mark
Michter’s
Old Fitzgerald
Old Forester
Pappy Van Winkle
Russell’s Reserve
Southern Comfort
Wild Turkey
Wild Turkey 81
Wild Turkey 101 Proof
Wild Turkey American Honey
Wild Turkey Forgiven
Wild Turkey Kentucky Spirit
Wild Turkey Rare Breed
Wild Turkey Spiced
Woodford Reserve
Woodford Reserve Double Oaked


Making Bourbon

The Process

Aging
Yeast


What Makes Good Bourbon?
Premium Bourbon


History

Why Kentucky?
Prohibition
Changes Over Time
Bourbon Renaissance
The People
The Bourbon Business


Access Oral History Archive
Documentary
Nunn Center
  



 




Home » Posts tagged 'J. McCauley Brown' 





Mac Brown (Brown-Forman): History of Brown-Forman

J. McCauley “Mac” Brown, Vice President of Brown-Forman Corporation, discusses the history of the company from its founding by his great-grandfather George Garvin Brown in 1870. This interview is from the Kentucky Bourbon Tales Oral History Project, Louie B. Nunn Center for Oral History, University of Kentucky Libraries. Watch the full interview: http://www.kentuckyoralhistory.org/interviews/27849. Share
Continue reading » 





Mac Brown (Brown-Forman): Family Business

J. McCauley “Mac” Brown, Vice President of Brown-Forman Corporation, discusses his children, his wife Eileen, and his parents Robinson and Jean McCauley Brown. This interview is from the Kentucky Bourbon Tales Oral History Project, Louie B. Nunn Center for Oral History, University of Kentucky Libraries. Watch the full interview: http://www.kentuckyoralhistory.org/interviews/27849. Share
Continue reading » 





Mac Brown (Brown-Forman): Life Is What You Make It

J. McCauley “Mac” Brown, Vice President of Brown-Forman Corporation, discusses the tough philosophy he grew up on and how it is reflected in the operation of the company. This interview is from the Kentucky Bourbon Tales Oral History Project, Louie B. Nunn Center for Oral History, University of Kentucky Libraries. Watch the full interview: http://www.kentuckyoralhistory.org/interviews/27849. Share
Continue reading » 


 



Mac Brown (Brown-Forman): The Origins of Old Forester

J. McCauley “Mac” Brown, Vice President of Brown-Forman Corporation, explains how Old Forester was named after a doctor who became well-known in the Civil War. This interview is from the Kentucky Bourbon Tales Oral History Project, Louie B. Nunn Center for Oral History, University of Kentucky Libraries. Watch the full interview: http://www.kentuckyoralhistory.org/interviews/27849. Share
Continue reading » 





Mac Brown (Brown-Forman): The Birth of Woodford Reserve

J. McCauley “Mac” Brown, Vice President of Brown-Forman Corporation, tells of the early days of the Woodford Reserve brand and of how he fell in love with it. This interview is from the Kentucky Bourbon Tales Oral History Project, Louie B. Nunn Center for Oral History, University of Kentucky Libraries. Watch the full interview: http://www.kentuckyoralhistory.org/interviews/27849. Share
Continue reading » 





Mac Brown (Brown-Forman): Age versus Quality

J. McCauley “Mac” Brown, Vice President of Brown-Forman Corporation, explains that quality, not fixed age, is more important in the production of bourbon. This interview is from the Kentucky Bourbon Tales Oral History Project, Louie B. Nunn Center for Oral History, University of Kentucky Libraries. Watch the full interview: http://www.kentuckyoralhistory.org/interviews/27849. Share
Continue reading » 


 



Mac Brown (Brown-Forman): Standing by a Product

J. McCauley “Mac” Brown, Vice President of Brown-Forman Corporation, discusses the vision of the company to produce high-quality products, and a few of the mistakes that have kept them from achieving that goal. This interview is from the Kentucky Bourbon Tales Oral History Project, Louie B. Nunn Center for Oral History, University of Kentucky Libraries. Watch the full interview: http://www.kentuckyoralhistory.org/interviews/27849. Share
Continue reading » 



 





 

 






 Please enjoy Kentucky Bourbon
(and its history) responsibly

 

 

 

 

 
 











Brown-Forman – Brown-Forman Announces Board and Executive Changes 





















































 


















 

Previous Next 

Brown-Forman Announces Board and Executive Changes


Louisville, KY, March 1, 2007 – Brown-Forman Corporation announced today a series of upcoming changes to its Board of Directors and within its executive team. They are designed to further the smooth leadership transition process already underway as company chairman Owsley Brown II prepares to retire from management service this September 30.
The Board announced that:
 - Paul Varga, the company’s President and CEO, will succeed Owsley Brown II as Chairman of Brown-Forman Corporation, effective August 1, 2007, thereby assuming the additional responsibilities as executive chairman of the company while maintaining his position as CEO;
- George Garvin Brown IV, currently a member of the Board of Directors of the company and a Vice President of the Corporation, will take on the new role of Presiding Chairman of the company’s Board of Directors, effective September 27, 2007, while continuing to serve as Jack Daniel’s brand director for Europe and Africa in London;
- James S. Welch, Jr., currently a Vice Chairman of Brown-Forman Corporation, has been elected to membership on the Board, effective March 12, 2007.  He will continue in his role as the head of the company’s strategy and human resources functions;
- Phoebe Wood has been promoted from Executive Vice President to Vice Chairman of Brown-Forman Corporation, effective March 1, 2007, while retaining her current duties, including that of Chief Financial Officer; and
- Stephen E. O’Neil, a long-time director, will retire from the Board as planned at the end of April, 2007.
Owsley Brown II, who has worked for the company since 1968, reaches customary retirement age for Brown-Forman executives at the end of September. He will continue thereafter to serve on the company’s Board.
These moves reflect the Board’s desire to divide among a number of people the various management and board responsibilities that Owsley Brown II has held. They also reaffirm that Paul Varga is the top executive of the company and is fully responsible to the Board for the leadership of all aspects of the business.
“By designating Paul Varga as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, the Board is again declaring its confidence in Paul’s leadership of the business, along with that of his strong senior team. They remain fully responsible for running our large and growing global business.  The combination of a superb Board of Directors – with excellent independent directors, strong Brown family representation, and senior managers from the company – together with a proven senior management team will provide the leadership from which all Brown-Forman stakeholders should benefit for years to come,” said Owsley Brown II.
As Presiding Chairman of the Board of Directors, Garvin Brown IV will chair the Board meetings and work closely with Paul Varga and the other board members to help set the strategic course for the company, encourage the continuation of the company’s high governance standards, and generally facilitate the work of the Board.
“This action continues an important tradition of the company by maintaining the active involvement of the Brown family in Board leadership.  Garvin is a very talented individual who deeply understands and appreciates the dual role of being a Brown family member and a Brown-Forman company executive.  He has the keen intellect and leadership capacity to be highly successful in this important role,” said Owsley Brown II.
“When fully implemented later this year, these changes will bring to a close the remarkable 40-year managerial career of Owsley Brown II,” Paul Varga said. “As the Company’s principal leader since 1993, he has led Brown-Forman through one of its most impressive periods of growth in the company’s distinguished 137 years.  During this period, he has orchestrated a significant expansion of Brown-Forman’s international business and developed Jack Daniel’s into one of the world’s foremost brands.
“Replacing Owsley is not easy,” Varga continued. “We believe this is best accomplished through the combination of actions announced today which will be implemented later this year.  All of us at Brown-Forman have benefited enormously from his leadership and we look forward to growing the company even further from the strong foundation that has been built by Owsley and many others before him.”
Paul Varga has been with Brown-Forman for 20 years, progressing through a series of increasingly important positions.  In 2003 he was named CEO of Brown-Forman Beverages, assuming many of the responsibilities of then long-time company leader William M. Street, and was thereafter elected a director of the corporation.  He was named CEO of Brown-Forman Corporation in 2005 and then took on most of the managerial leadership duties formerly handled by Owsley Brown II.
Garvin Brown IV is the son of George Garvin Brown III, a retired director of the company, and is a younger cousin of Owsley Brown II.  He is the fifth generation namesake of the company’s founder and has worked for the company since 1996.  He is a graduate of McGill University and has Master’s degrees from the University of British Columbia and the London Business School.  He has held sales and marketing positions at Brown-Forman and also served for two years as director of the office of CEO.  In his role as Presiding Chairman, Brown will play an important role in connecting with the members of the Brown family, who collectively own the majority of the company’s voting stock.  He will continue his management responsibilities as vice president and director of the Jack Daniel’s brand for Europe and Africa, where he has had great success in helping lead the Jack Daniel’s brand-building efforts in these very important markets.
Garvin Brown IV commented, “I am deeply honored by the Board’s decision to appoint me as its Presiding Chairman in September.  We have an outstanding Board and it will be my great pleasure to assist Paul and the other directors in seeing that our company and shareholders prosper for many years to come.”
James Welch, a graduate of Princeton University, joined Brown-Forman in 1989, after a number of years as an officer of J.P. Morgan Company in New York.  After starting as manager of corporate planning and investor relations at Brown-Forman, he was promoted to the position now known as director of the office of CEO.  From 1995-1998, Welch served as vice president in charge of Brown-Forman’s business consulting group, providing internal strategic consulting services to the company.  Most recently he has led the company’s corporate strategy and human resources functions, a role he will continue as a Vice Chairman of the Corporation and member of the Board.
 Paul Varga said, “We are delighted to have Jim join our Board.  He is a highly valued member of our executive team and will continue Brown-Forman’s long tradition of strong board participation by senior management, in conjunction with excellent independent and family directors.”
Phoebe Wood, who graduated from Smith College and earned her MBA from UCLA, has been Brown-Forman’s CFO since joining the company in 2001.  Prior to that, she was CFO at Motorola subsidiary Propel Inc. and earlier spent more than 20 years as an executive at the Atlantic Richfield Company.  As Vice Chairman, she will continue as CFO, and will also continue to have responsibility for the company’s knowledge management, corporate development, investor relations, and technology group functions, in addition to its financial functions.
 “Phoebe’s promotion is very well deserved.  She is a highly respected and critical part of our executive management team.  We will rely on her talents and leadership skills even more as Owsley retires from his management position,” said Varga.
Owsley Brown II said of Stephen O’Neil’s pending retirement, “Steve O’Neil has been an energetic and enormously helpful member of Brown-Forman’s Board for many years.  He has provided keen insight and candid advice at the Board meetings and through his service on Board committees.  We will miss him very much.”
As a result of these changes, effective at the end of September 2007, Brown-Forman’s Board of Directors will consist of:
Paul C. Varga, Chairman and CEO of Brown-Forman CorporationGeorge Garvin Brown IV, Presiding Chairman of the Board of DirectorsPatrick Bousquet-Chavanne, Group President, The Estee Lauder Companies, Inc.Barry D. Bramley, former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, British-American Tobacco Company, Ltd.Martin S. Brown, Jr., Partner, Adams and Reese LLPOwsley Brown II, former chairman and CEO of Brown-Forman CorporationDonald G. Calder, President and Chief Financial Officer, G.L. Ohrstrom & Co., Inc.Sandra A. Frazier, founder and member, Tandem Public Relations, LLCRichard P. Mayer, former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Kraft General Foods North AmericaWilliam E. Mitchell, Chairman, President and CEO, Arrow Electronics, Inc.Matthew R. Simmons, founder and Chairman, Simmons Company InternationalWilliam M. Street, former President, Brown-Forman CorporationDace Brown Stubbs, private investorJames S. Welch, Jr., Vice Chairman, Brown-Forman Corporation
******
In addition to the Board-directed elections and promotions, Brown-Forman also announced that it is increasing the responsibilities of three additional Brown-Forman executives.
J. McCauley Brown, Vice President, Director of Business Services, will on May 1 join the company’s Strategic Resource Allocation Committee, from which Owsley Brown will retire this fall.  He has been with Brown-Forman since 1972, initially working in spirits sales and then moving into brand management for several brands, including Bolla, Old Forester, and Early Times.  Brown holds degrees from Georgetown University and George Washington University.
Campbell Brown, Director, Southern Comfort Americas, has been named a Vice President of Brown-Forman Corporation and will on May 1 join the company’s Corporate Strategy Committee, from which Owsley Brown will step down when he retires at the end of September.  Campbell Brown has been with the company since 1994 and he spent his early years developing the company’s spirits portfolio in India, the Philippines and Turkey.  Over the four-year period of 2001-2005, he held positions as both the Southern Comfort U.S. Brand Manager and Jack Daniel’s U.S. Brand Manager.  Prior to his current role as Director, Southern Comfort Americas, Brown had territorial responsibility for a number of key East coast markets, working with one of the company’s key distributor partners, Charmer Sunbelt.  He earned degrees from Rollins College and the University of Miami.
Marshall B. Farrer, Director, Latin America and the Caribbean, has been named a Vice President of Brown-Forman Corporation and will on May 1 join the company’s Executive Committee, from which Owsley Brown will retire this fall.  Farrer joined Brown-Forman in 1998, working in the company’s wine business until he became director of the former Brown-Forman Spirits Americas executive office in 2004.  He moved to his current position as Director, Latin America and the Caribbean last year and will continue to serve in that capacity when he joins the Executive Committee.  Farrer is a graduate of Rollins College and Tulane University.
“When fully implemented this fall, these Board and executive changes complete the thoughtful leadership transition process begun several years ago by Owsley Brown II,” said Paul Varga. “Brown-Forman and all of its stakeholders owe Owsley and our Board a debt of gratitude for their excellent work in preparing our independent company for continued growth in the years ahead.”  
 Brown-Forman Corporation is a diversified producer and marketer of fine quality consumer products, including Jack Daniel’s, Southern Comfort, Finlandia Vodka, Tequila Herradura, el Jimador Tequila, Canadian Mist, Fetzer Wines, Korbel California Champagnes, and Hartmann Luggage.
Important Note on Forward-Looking Statements:This release contains statements, estimates, or projections that constitute “forward-looking statements” as defined under U.S. federal securities laws. Generally, the words “expect,” “believe,” “intend,” “estimate,” “will,” “anticipate,” and “project,” and similar expressions identify a forward-looking statement, which speaks only as of the date the statement is made. Except as required by law, we do not intend to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.  We believe that the expectations and assumptions with respect to our forward-looking statements are reasonable. But by their nature, forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that in some cases are out of our control. These factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from Brown-Forman’s historical experience or our present expectations or projections. Here is a non-exclusive list of such risks and uncertainties:
• changes in general economic conditions, particularly in the United States where we earn a significant portion of our  profits;• lower consumer confidence or purchasing in the wake of catastrophic events;• tax increases, whether at the federal or state level or in major international markets and/or tariff barriers or other  restrictions affecting beverage alcohol;• limitations and restrictions on distribution of products and alcohol marketing, including advertising and promotion,  as a result of stricter governmental policies adopted either in the United States or globally;• adverse developments in the class action lawsuits filed against Brown-Forman and other spirits, beer and wine  manufacturers alleging that our industry conspired to promote the consumption of alcohol by those under the legal  drinking age;• a strengthening U.S. dollar against foreign currencies, especially the British Pound, Euro, Australian Dollar, and the  Mexican Peso;• reduced bar, restaurant, hotel and travel business, including travel retail, in the wake of terrorist attacks;• lower consumer confidence or purchasing associated with high energy prices;• longer-term, a change in consumer preferences, social trends or cultural trends that  results in the reduced  consumption of our premium spirits brands;• changes in distribution arrangements in major markets that limit our ability to market or sell our products;• increases in the price of energy or raw materials, including grapes, grain, wood, glass, and plastic;• excess wine inventories or a world-wide oversupply of grapes;• termination of our rights to distribute and market agency brands included in our portfolio;• counterfeit production of our products could adversely affect our intellectual property rights, brand equity and  operating results;• adverse developments as a result of state investigations of beverage alcohol industry trade practices of suppliers,  distributors and retailers.
 
 




2014-10-27T16:44:38+00:00March 1st, 2007|Corporate| 


Share This Story, Choose Your Platform!
 









Click here for financial reports  RECENT NEWS 

Brown-Forman Reports Fiscal 2017 Results; Expects Stronger Trends to Continue in Fiscal 2018


Brown-Forman Recognized as Best for Vets: Employers 2017 List; Military Times Ranking Lists Spirits Maker


Kathleen Gutmann Elected to Brown-Forman Board of Directors


Brown-Forman’s Fourth Quarter Earnings Release and Conference Call Scheduled for June 7, 2017


Brown-Forman Declares Cash Dividend


ARCHIVES 
June 2017
May 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
April 2016
March 2016
February 2016
January 2016
December 2015
November 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
March 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014
December 2013
November 2013
October 2013
September 2013
August 2013
July 2013
June 2013
May 2013
April 2013
March 2013
February 2013
January 2013
December 2012
November 2012
September 2012
August 2012
July 2012
June 2012
May 2012
April 2012
March 2012
February 2012
January 2012
December 2011
November 2011
October 2011
September 2011
August 2011
July 2011
June 2011
May 2011
March 2011
February 2011
January 2011
December 2010
November 2010
October 2010
September 2010
August 2010
July 2010
June 2010
May 2010
April 2010
March 2010
February 2010
January 2010
December 2009
November 2009
September 2009
August 2009
July 2009
June 2009
May 2009
April 2009
March 2009
February 2009
January 2009
December 2008
November 2008
October 2008
September 2008
August 2008
July 2008
June 2008
May 2008
April 2008
March 2008
February 2008
January 2008
November 2007
October 2007
August 2007
July 2007
June 2007
May 2007
April 2007
March 2007
February 2007
January 2007
December 2006
November 2006
October 2006
September 2006
August 2006
July 2006
June 2006
May 2006
April 2006
March 2006
February 2006
January 2006
December 2005
November 2005
October 2005
September 2005
August 2005
July 2005
June 2005
May 2005
April 2005
March 2005
February 2005
January 2005
December 2004
November 2004
October 2004
September 2004
August 2004
July 2004
June 2004
May 2004
March 2004
February 2004
January 2004

CATEGORIES 
All

Brand

Corporate

Corporate Responsibility

Earnings


 























J. McCauley Brown - Ballotpedia











































Donate




 Elections
 Sample Ballot Lookup
 Elected Officials Lookup
 Election results
 Analysis
 2016 election analysis
 2016 election results
 Pivot counties
 Control of state government
 Competitiveness analysis
 Elections calendar
 Federal elections
 U.S. Congress special elections
 U.S. Congress elections, 2018
 State elections
 State executive
 State legislative
 State legislative special elections
 Ballot measures
 Judicial
 Local elections
 Municipal
 School board
 Local judicial
 Local measures
 Recall
 Elections by state and year
 Ballot access for candidates
 Federal
 Presidential elections
 Executive branch
 Policy issues under the Trump administration
 Presidential approval rating
 Tracking the Trump administration
 Legislative branch
 Congress
 U.S. Senate
 U.S. House
Congressional approval rating
 Judicial branch
 Supreme Court
 Supreme Court cases
 U.S. Courts of Appeals
 U.S. District Courts
 State
 State Politics
 Ballot measures
 State budgets
 State courts
 State profiles
 State legislatures
 State executive officials
 Elections by state and year
 Local
 Local ballot measures
 Notable measures
 Local measure elections
 Local courts
 Courts and judges by county
 Judicial elections
 Local elections
 Municipal government
 Largest cities
 Large counties
 Municipal elections
 Recall
 Laws governing recall
 Recall elections
 School boards
 Largest school districts
 School board elections
 Policy
 Budgets
 Civil liberties
 Education
 Elections
 Energy
 Environment
 Finance
 Healthcare
 Immigration
 Pensions
 Index
 Influencers
 National influencers
 State influencers
 Local influencers
 Election influencers
 Policy influencers
 Influencers by type
 Influencers by legal type
 Fact check
 New stories
 Federal
 State
 Local
 By date
 Submit a claim
 About fact-checking
 News
 Front page
 The Tap
 The Daily Brew
 You're Hired
 Verbatim fact check
 The Ballot Bulletin
 Pliny's Point
 Number of the Day
 Past news
 Press releases
 About
 About us
 Contact us
 Staff
 Events
 Index
 Job opportunities
 Newsletters
 Our history
 Our scope
 Partnerships
 Report an error
 Submit
 Submit a bio
 Submit a photo
 Support our work


Want to receive email updates from Ballotpedia?
			









Sign Up!


View   Print   Please log in for more tools.

Please log in to continue.



Please log in to continue.








Page contents

1 Career

1.1 Education
1.2 Career summary
1.3 Chair of the Republican Party of Kentucky


2 Top influencers by state
3 Recent news
4 See also
5 External links
6 Footnotes







  


J. McCauley Brown






From Ballotpedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search




   

 The information about this individual is current as of the 2016 Republican National Convention. Please contact us with any updates.
J. McCauley BrownBasic factsOrganization:Republican Party of KentuckyRole:ChairLocation:KentuckyAffiliation:RepublicanEducation:Georgetown University
 

J. McCauley "Mac" Brown was elected to serve as the chair of the Republican Party of Kentucky in 2015. Brown serves as the vice president and director of business services of the Brown-Forman company.[1]

Career
Education
Brown earned a B.S. in business administration and an M.B.A. from Georgetown University.[1]

Career summary
Brown serves as the vice president of director of business services at Brown-Forman Corp, and he is a member of the company's Corporate Strategy Council. He first began working at Brown-Forman, which sells liquor and wine, in 1972, beginning with spirits sales and moving on to brand management for brands such as Bolla, Old Forester, and Early Times. Brown is the president and CEO of the Filson Historical Society. Since 2015, he has served as the director at Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. and Stock Yards Bank & Trust Co, Inc.[1]
According to Bloomberg, Brown serves on the "Board of Overseers for the University of Louisville, the Kentucky Historical Society, Louisville Library Foundation, Frazier History Museum, and the Board of Advisors for the University of Louisville School of Business."[1]
In 2015, near the time of his election as GOP chair, Gov. Matt Bevin appointed Brown to the temporary job of heading his Transition Steering Committee, which was charged with the task of filling several executive and administrative posts.[2]
Brown has hosted fundraisers for Republican officials and candidates, including Gov. Bevin, U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, and Agriculture Commissioner James Comer.[2]

Chair of the Republican Party of Kentucky
Brown was elected to serve as the chair of the Republican Party of Kentucky in 2015. After his election, he stated, "I am humbled by the vote of confidence from Republican leaders from around the state, and I accept this opportunity to lead the Republican Party of Kentucky.  The party is unified and prepared to move our state forward.  In 2016, we will do our part to elect a Republican president, support Senator Paul, and take our last bastion of liberalism—the Kentucky State House—and turn it red."[3][4]
Sen. Majority Leader Mitch McConnell congratulated Brown on his new position, saying, "Congratulations to my good friend Mac Brown on becoming Chairman of the Republican Party of Kentucky. Mac has been an exceptional and talented business leader in our state for many years, and we are fortunate to now have him put those skills to work on behalf of our Party. Under the leadership of Mac Brown, our Party is in good hands as we head into the very important 2016 elections."[3]

Top influencers by state
See also: Top influencers by state

Influencers in American politics are power players who help get candidates elected, put through policy proposals, cause ideological changes, and affect popular perceptions. They can take on many forms: politicians, lobbyists, advisors, donors, corporations, industry groups, labor unions, single-issue organizations, nonprofits, to name a few. 
In 2016, Ballotpedia identified J. McCauley Brown as a top influencer by state. We identified top influencers across the country through several means, including the following:

Local knowledge of our professional staff
Surveys of activists, thought leaders and journalists from across the country and political spectrum 
Outreach to political journalists in each state who helped refine our lists
Recent news
The link below is to the most recent stories in a Google news search for the terms J. McCauley Brown Kentucky. These results are automatically generated from Google. Ballotpedia does not curate or endorse these articles; they are included to provide readers with the most recent news articles on the subject. Click here to learn more about this section.


J. McCauley Brown - Google News Feed

Loading...

See also
Kentucky
Republican Party of Kentucky
Republican National Committee
External links
Republican Party of Kentucky
Republican Party of Kentucky Facebook page
Footnotes


↑ 1.0 1.1 1.2 1.3 Bloomberg, "Brown-Forman Corp-Class B, J. McCauley Brown," accessed April 15, 2016

↑ 2.0 2.1 WFPL, "What You Need To Know About New Kentucky Republican Party Chair Mac Brown," November 9, 2015

↑ 3.0 3.1 Republican Party of Kentucky, "About," accessed March 24, 2016

↑ Republican Party of Kentucky, "Mac Brown elected as Chairman of the Republican Party of Kentucky," November 9, 2015


v • eInfluencersMainWhat is an influencer? • National influencers • Local influencers • Influencers by type • Influencers by legal type • Influencers by policyBy stateAlabama • Alaska • Arizona • Arkansas • California • Colorado • Connecticut • Delaware • Florida • Georgia • Hawaii • Idaho • Illinois • Indiana • Iowa • Kansas • Kentucky • Louisiana • Maine • Maryland • Massachusetts • Michigan • Minnesota • Mississippi • Missouri • Montana • Nebraska • Nevada • New Hampshire • New Jersey • New Mexico • New York • North Carolina • North Dakota • Ohio • Oklahoma • Oregon • Pennsylvania • Rhode Island • South Carolina • South Dakota • Tennessee • Texas • Utah • Vermont • Virginia • Washington • West Virginia • Wisconsin • WyomingBy electionDonald Trump presidential transition team • Donald Trump potential high-level administration appointments • Presidential election key staffers, 2016Influencers DeskInfluencers articles are curated by the following writers: Christopher Nelson • Caitlin Styrsky • David Borman • Adam Jordahl
Contact the desk




  

This influencers-related article is a sprout; we plan on making it grow in the future. If you would like to help it grow, please consider donating to Ballotpedia.





 
				Retrieved from "https://ballotpedia.org/wiki/index.php?title=J._McCauley_Brown&oldid=6712587"				
Categories: Top influencers by state, 2016Influencers sproutsActivistsConservative influencersKentucky influencersRepublican Party state chairsRepublican Party state chairs, 2017, 4-year term 




























 


 This page was last modified on 6 April 2017, at 07:21.
Content is available under GNU Free Documentation License 1.2 unless otherwise noted.


Privacy policy
About Ballotpedia
Disclaimers
Mobile view
Feedback
Permalink
Log in




Ballotpedia includes 257,213 encyclopedic articles written and curated by our professional staff of editors, writers, and researchers. To contact our editorial staff, click here. To report an error, click here. For media inquiries, you can reach us here. To support our continued expansion, please contact us here.





The Tap[edit]
 Ballotpedia wants to keep you in the know. In our weekly newsletter, The Tap, we let you know the important things that happened last week, and what you should look for this week. Click here to check out this week's edition.


Executive Branch[edit]
 Executive Branch
 2016 Presidential Election
 Federal Officials
 U.S. Executive Departments
 Issues by Administration
 Issues by Topic


U.S. Congress[edit]
 Congress
 Incumbents
 115th Congress
 U.S. Senate
 U.S. House of Representatives
 Committees in Congress
 United States Congress Elections, 2018


State Executives[edit]
 State Executive Officials
 State Executive Offices
 State Trifectas
 State of the State Addresses
 Irregular Office Changes
 State Executive Official Elections, 2017


State Legislatures[edit]
 State Legislatures
 List of State Legislatures
 Who Runs the States
 Competitiveness Analysis
 State Legislative Elections, 2017
 Redistricting


Ballot Measures[edit]
 State Ballot Measures
 Ballot Measures by State
 Ballot Measures by Topic
 State Ballot Measures, 2017
 Local Ballot Measures
 Local Ballot Measures, 2017
 Recall


School Boards[edit]
 School Boards
 Largest School Districts by Enrollment
 List of School Districts
 School District Spending
 School Board Elections, 2017


Municipal Government[edit]
 Municipal Government
 100 Largest Cities by Population
 List of Current City Council Officials
 United States Municipal Elections, 2017


Elections[edit]
 Elections
 Sample Ballot Lookup
 Elected Officials Lookup
 Election Calendar
 Voting Laws by State
 Ballot Access for Candidates
 Elections by State and Year


Public Policy[edit]
 Public Policy
 Budgets
 Civil Liberties
 Education
 Elections
 Energy
 Environment
 Healthcare
 Pensions


Federal Courts[edit]
 Judicial Branch
 Federal Courts
 Supreme Court
 The Federal Vacancy Count
 Major Cases of the Supreme Court
 Nominations by President


State Courts[edit]
 State Courts
 Courts by State
 Courts by County
 Judicial Elections
 Judicial Selection
 Appointments by Governor


Influencers[edit]
 Influencers
 National Influencers
 State Influencers
 Local Influencers
 Election Influencers
 Policy Influencers
 Influencers by Type
 Influencers by Legal Type


Verbatim[edit]
 Verbatim
 Verbatim Top Stories
 Federal
 State
 Local
 About Fact-Checking


Help Pages[edit]
 Index of Contents
 Index of Help Contents
 Ballotpedia Policies
 General Disclaimer
 Report an error


Community[edit]
 How to Contribute to Ballotpedia
 Ways You Can Help
 Job Opportunities
 Partnering With Ballotpedia
 Amazon Affiliate


About/Contact[edit]
 About Ballotpedia
 Scope of Ballotpedia
 The Lucy Burns Institute
 Ballotpedia Staff
 Press and Media
 For the Media
 Contact Us
 Submit a Bio


News[edit]
 The Tap
 The Daily Brew
 The Ballotpedia News Update


 









J McCauley Brown - Prospect, KY | Intelius



























Sign In



We found J Mccauley Brown in Prospect, KY


J Mccauley Brown

                                                                                                   Intelius found that J McCauley Brown  is  between 100 and 100 years old from Prospect, KY.  We have connected them to
                8 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Jean M Brown


Get Report Now

Age

J Mccauley Brown is in his 100s

J Has Lived In

Prospect, KY
Frankfort, KY
Harrods Creek, KY

J's Relatives

Robinson Brown
Suzanne Brown







J Mccauley Brown



Zodiac SignGemini



Professional Status
Vice President at Brown-Forman Corporation



Get Report Now










Want to know more about J? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about J, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on J Mccauley Brown
Get a Criminal Check on J Mccauley Brown
Get a Public Record Report on J Mccauley Brown
Get a People Search Report on J Mccauley Brown


J Mccauley Brown's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where J Mccauley Brown has lived as well as J Mccauley Brown's phone numbers and email addresses.




J Mccauley Brown Has Lived in 1 States
Kentucky Address for J Mccauley Brown


5208 A**** L* 

Prospect, KY


Has Lived In

Prospect, KY
Frankfort, KY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with J Mccauley Brown

(502) ***-**** - Prospect, KY 
(502) ***-**** - Prospect, KY 
(502) ***-**** - Louisville, KY 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with J Mccauley Brown



Get Email Report




J Mccauley Brown's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about J Mccauley Brown's academic history.  Find out which schools J Mccauley Brown attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees J Mccauley Brown received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


J Mccauley Brown Has Attended 2 Schools
The George Washington University 
Georgetown University                              J Mccauley Brown has a Undergraduate degree in Business               


J Mccauley Brown's Professional Information
Information regarding J Mccauley Brown's professional history.  Find out previous places J Mccauley Brown has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


J Mccauley Brown Has Worked at 5 Places
Company: Brown-Forman Corporation
               Title: Vice President
Company: Louisville Free Public Library
               Title: Board Member
J Mccauley Brown's Experience
Title: Vice President
               Company: Brown-Forman Corporation
Job Details
               For over 140 years, Brown-Forman Corporation has enriched the experience of life by responsibly building fine quality beverage alcohol brands, including Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey, Southern Comfort, Finlandia, Canadian Mist, Early Times Kentucky Whisky, Fetzer, Korbel, Gentleman Jack, el Jimador, Tequila Herradura, Sonoma-Cutrer, Chambord and Woodford Reserve. Brown-Forman's brands are supported by nearly 4,000 employees and sold in approximately 135 countries worldwide.
Title: Board Member
               Company: Louisville Free Public Library
Job Details
               It is the vision of the Commission that the Louisville Free Public Library will deliver library service on a par with the best public libraries in the U.S. We will provide:Excellent library facilities conveniently accessible to all residents,Strong and appealing collections of books and other materials,Attentive and effective staff assistance for all readers and researchers,Services, public programs and events that promote reading, convey valuable information and extend the value of the Library to its community,Sophisticated information technology that advances the Library's mission, andHours of operation that respond to the busy lifestyles of today's families.
Additional Professional Information on J Mccauley Brown

 See J Mccauley Brown's LinkedIn Profile



J Mccauley Brown's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for J Mccauley Brown


J Mccauley Brown's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of J Mccauley Brown's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
J Brown
Username Matches

                  JBrown
                  BrownJ
                  J.Brown
                  Brown.J
                  J_Brown
                  Brown_J
                  J-Brown
                  Brown-J
                  JBrown
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Brown







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.















Kentucky Bourbon Tales Oral History Project | Louie B. Nunn Center for Oral History – Mac Brown













































Follow us


Facebook Page










 



Interviews

Baker Beam
Craig Beam
Parker Beam
Brad Boswell
John Boswell
Campbell Brown
Mac Brown
Edwin Foote
Joseph Magliocco
Chris Morris
Fred Noe
Olivia Ripy
Thomas Ripy
Eddie Russell
Jimmy Russell
Jim Rutledge
Peter Rutledge
Bill Samuels
Rob Samuels
Max Shapira
Dace Stubbs
Frenchie Sweatt
Andrea Wilson
Al Young


Companies

Brown-Forman
Diageo
Four Roses
Heaven Hill
Jim Beam
Maker’s Mark
Wild Turkey


Brands

Baker’s
Basil Hayden’s
Blanton’s
Booker’s
Early Times
Elijah Craig
Evan Williams
Four Roses Single Barrel
Four Roses Small Batch
Four Roses Yellow Label
Heaven Hill
Jefferson’s Reserve
Jim Beam
Knob Creek
Maker’s Mark
Michter’s
Old Fitzgerald
Old Forester
Pappy Van Winkle
Russell’s Reserve
Southern Comfort
Wild Turkey
Wild Turkey 81
Wild Turkey 101 Proof
Wild Turkey American Honey
Wild Turkey Forgiven
Wild Turkey Kentucky Spirit
Wild Turkey Rare Breed
Wild Turkey Spiced
Woodford Reserve
Woodford Reserve Double Oaked


Making Bourbon

The Process

Aging
Yeast


What Makes Good Bourbon?
Premium Bourbon


History

Why Kentucky?
Prohibition
Changes Over Time
Bourbon Renaissance
The People
The Bourbon Business


Access Oral History Archive
Documentary
Nunn Center
  



 




Home » Interviewees » Mac Brown 





Mac Brown (Brown-Forman): History of Brown-Forman

J. McCauley “Mac” Brown, Vice President of Brown-Forman Corporation, discusses the history of the company from its founding by his great-grandfather George Garvin Brown in 1870. This interview is from the Kentucky Bourbon Tales Oral History Project, Louie B. Nunn Center for Oral History, University of Kentucky Libraries. Watch the full interview: http://www.kentuckyoralhistory.org/interviews/27849. Share
Continue reading » 





Mac Brown (Brown-Forman): Family Business

J. McCauley “Mac” Brown, Vice President of Brown-Forman Corporation, discusses his children, his wife Eileen, and his parents Robinson and Jean McCauley Brown. This interview is from the Kentucky Bourbon Tales Oral History Project, Louie B. Nunn Center for Oral History, University of Kentucky Libraries. Watch the full interview: http://www.kentuckyoralhistory.org/interviews/27849. Share
Continue reading » 





Mac Brown (Brown-Forman): Life Is What You Make It

J. McCauley “Mac” Brown, Vice President of Brown-Forman Corporation, discusses the tough philosophy he grew up on and how it is reflected in the operation of the company. This interview is from the Kentucky Bourbon Tales Oral History Project, Louie B. Nunn Center for Oral History, University of Kentucky Libraries. Watch the full interview: http://www.kentuckyoralhistory.org/interviews/27849. Share
Continue reading » 


 



Mac Brown (Brown-Forman): The Origins of Old Forester

J. McCauley “Mac” Brown, Vice President of Brown-Forman Corporation, explains how Old Forester was named after a doctor who became well-known in the Civil War. This interview is from the Kentucky Bourbon Tales Oral History Project, Louie B. Nunn Center for Oral History, University of Kentucky Libraries. Watch the full interview: http://www.kentuckyoralhistory.org/interviews/27849. Share
Continue reading » 





Mac Brown (Brown-Forman): The Birth of Woodford Reserve

J. McCauley “Mac” Brown, Vice President of Brown-Forman Corporation, tells of the early days of the Woodford Reserve brand and of how he fell in love with it. This interview is from the Kentucky Bourbon Tales Oral History Project, Louie B. Nunn Center for Oral History, University of Kentucky Libraries. Watch the full interview: http://www.kentuckyoralhistory.org/interviews/27849. Share
Continue reading » 





Mac Brown (Brown-Forman): Age versus Quality

J. McCauley “Mac” Brown, Vice President of Brown-Forman Corporation, explains that quality, not fixed age, is more important in the production of bourbon. This interview is from the Kentucky Bourbon Tales Oral History Project, Louie B. Nunn Center for Oral History, University of Kentucky Libraries. Watch the full interview: http://www.kentuckyoralhistory.org/interviews/27849. Share
Continue reading » 


 



Mac Brown (Brown-Forman): Standing by a Product

J. McCauley “Mac” Brown, Vice President of Brown-Forman Corporation, discusses the vision of the company to produce high-quality products, and a few of the mistakes that have kept them from achieving that goal. This interview is from the Kentucky Bourbon Tales Oral History Project, Louie B. Nunn Center for Oral History, University of Kentucky Libraries. Watch the full interview: http://www.kentuckyoralhistory.org/interviews/27849. Share
Continue reading » 





Mac Brown (Brown-Forman): The Bourbon Community

J. McCauley “Mac” Brown, Vice President of Brown-Forman Corporation, discusses the culture of cooperation in the bourbon industry and expresses his appreciation for other companies, such as Heaven Hill, which are not necessarily in direct competition with Brown-Forman and benefit the entire industry. This interview is from the Kentucky Bourbon Tales Oral History Project, Louie B. Nunn Center for Oral History, University of Kentucky Libraries. Watch the full interview: http://www.kentuckyoralhistory.org/interviews/27849. Share
Continue reading » 





Mac Brown (Brown-Forman): The Experience of Woodford Reserve

J. McCauley “Mac” Brown, Vice President of Brown-Forman Corporation, explains the unique appeal of Woodford Reserve. This interview is from the Kentucky Bourbon Tales Oral History Project, Louie B. Nunn Center for Oral History, University of Kentucky Libraries. Watch the full interview: http://www.kentuckyoralhistory.org/interviews/27849. Share
Continue reading » 


 

 


1
2
Next  →


 

 






 Please enjoy Kentucky Bourbon
(and its history) responsibly

 

 

 

 

 
 

















 




Brown-Forman Corporation



Table of Contents

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20645

SCHEDULE 13G
Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(Amendment No. 1)
BROWN-FORMAN CORPORATION
(Name of Issuer)
Class A Common Stock
(Title of Class of Securities)
115637-10-0
(CUSIP Number)
November 1, 2006
(Date of Event Which Requires Filing of this Statement)
Check the appropriate box
to designate the rule pursuant to which this Schedule is filed.
     o Rule 13d-1(b)
     þ Rule 13d-1(c)
     o Rule 13d-1(d)





Table of Contents





 
 
 




CUSIP No.
 
115637-10-0




 


 
 
 
 
 
 




1
 
NAMES OF REPORTING PERSONS:
J. McCauley Brown

      
 
I.R.S. IDENTIFICATION NOS. OF ABOVE PERSONS (ENTITIES ONLY): 


 
 



 
 
 


2
 
CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX IF A MEMBER OF A GROUP (SEE INSTRUCTIONS):


 
(a)   þ


 
(b)   o


 
 
 


3
 
SEC USE ONLY:


 
 


 
 


 
 
 


4
 
CITIZENSHIP OR PLACE OF ORGANIZATION:


 
 


 
United States of America


 
 
 
 


 
5
 
SOLE VOTING POWER:


 
 
 


NUMBER OF
 
2,019,776


 
 
 
 


SHARES
6
 
SHARED VOTING POWER:


BENEFICIALLY
 
 


OWNED BY
 
5,289,221


 
 
 
 


EACH
7
 
SOLE DISPOSITIVE POWER:


REPORTING
 
 


PERSON
 
315,046


 
 
 
 


WITH:
8
 
SHARED DISPOSITIVE POWER:


 
 
 


 
 
5,867,152


 
 
 


9
 
AGGREGATE AMOUNT BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY EACH REPORTING PERSON:


 
 


 
7,308,997


 
 
 


10
 
CHECK IF THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT IN ROW (9) EXCLUDES CERTAIN SHARES (SEE INSTRUCTIONS):


 
 


 
N/A


 
 
 


11
 
PERCENT OF CLASS REPRESENTED BY AMOUNT IN ROW (9):


 
 


 
12.9%


 
 
 


12
 
TYPE OF REPORTING PERSON (SEE INSTRUCTIONS):


 
 


 
IN










TABLE OF CONTENTS













Item 1.
Item 2.
Item 3. If this statement is filed pursuant to §§ 240.13d-1(b) or 240.13d-2(b) or (c), check whether the person filing is a:
Item 4. Ownership
Item 5. Ownership of Five Percent or Less of a Class
Item 6. Ownership of More than Five Percent on Behalf of Another Person
Item 7. Identification and Classification of the Subsidiary Which Acquired the Security Being Reported on By the Parent Holding Company or Control Person
Item 8. Identification and Classification of Members of the Group
Item 9. Notice of Dissolution of Group
Item 10. Certification
Signature




Table of Contents


Item 1.





 
 
 
 
 




a)

 
Name of Issuer:

 
Brown-Forman Corporation


 
 
 
 
 


b)

 
Address:

 
850 Dixie Highway


 

 
 
 
Louisville, Kentucky 40210






Item 2.





 
 
 
 
 




a)

 
Name of Person Filing:

 
J. McCauley Brown


 
 
 
 
 


b)

 
Principal Business Address:

 
850 Dixie Highway


 

 
 
 
Louisville, Kentucky 40210


 
 
 
 
 


c)

 
Citizenship:

 
United States of America


 
 
 
 
 


d)

 
Title of Class of Securities:

 
Class A Common Stock


 
 
 
 
 


e)

 
CUSIP Number:

 
0115637-10-0














Item 3.
 
If this statement is filed pursuant to §§ 240.13d-1(b) or 240.13d-2(b) or (c), check whether the person filing is a:







 
 
 




(a)

 
[ ] Broker or dealer registered under section 15 of the Act (15 U.S.C. 78o).


 
 
 


(b)

 
[ ] Bank as defined in section 3(a)(6) of the Act (15 U.S.C. 78c).


 
 
 


(c)

 
[ ] Insurance company as defined in section 3(a)(19) of the Act (15 U.S.C. 78c).


 
 
 


(d)

 
[ ] Investment company registered under section 8 of the Investment Company Act
of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a-8).


 
 
 


(e)

 
[ ] An investment adviser in accordance with § 240.13d-1(b)(1)(ii)(E).


 
 
 


(f)

 
[ ] An employee benefit plan or endowment fund in accordance with §
240.13d-1(b)(1)(ii)(F).


 
 
 


(g)

 
[ ] A parent holding company or control person in accordance with §
240.13d-1(b)(1)(ii)(G).


 
 
 


(h)

 
[ ] A savings associations as defined in Section 3(b) of the Federal Deposit
Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813).


 
 
 


(i) 

 
[ ] A church plan that is excluded from the definition of an investment company
under section 3(c)(14) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a-3).




 



Table of Contents





 
 
 




(j) 

 
[ ] Group, in accordance with § 240.13d-1(b)(1)(ii)(J).






Item 4.  Ownership.

     The amount of shares beneficially owned by the undersigned as of November 1, 2006, is as
follows:





 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
Aggregate


 
 
 
 
 
Number




(a
)
 
Amount Beneficially Owned
 
 
7,308,997
 


(b
)
 
Percent of Class
 
 
12.9
%


(c
)
 
Sole Voting Power
 
 
2,019,776
 


 
 
 
Shared Voting Power
 
 
5,289,221
 


 
 
 
Sole Disposition Power
 
 
315,046
 


 
 
 
Shared Disposition Power
 
 
5,867,152
 














Item 5.
 
Ownership of Five Percent or Less of a Class.



     If this statement is being filed to report the fact that as of the date hereof the reporting
person has ceased to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent of the class of securities,
check the following [       ].











Item 6.
 
Ownership of More than Five Percent on Behalf of Another Person.



     On March 14, 2006, the undersigned became one member of a three-member advisory
committee to two trusts holding, in the aggregate, 5,289,221 shares, or 9.3% of the issued
and outstanding Brown-Forman Corporation Class A Common Stock (the Trust Shares). Voting
and dispositional control of the Trust Shares is directed by a majority (2 out of 3) of the
members of the advisory committee. As of the date of this filing, the other members of the
advisory committee are Owsley B. Frazier and Laura Frazier, both of whom are cousins of the
undersigned. Owsley B. Frazier has the right to receive the dividends and the proceeds of
sale from certain of the Trust Shares, with those shares being more than 5% of the Class A
Common Stock. The undersigned has no direct or indirect pecuniary interest in the Trust
Shares. Out of an abundance of caution, the undersigned reports beneficial ownership of
the Trust Shares.

     Effective November 1, 2006, the undersigned, his siblings and their descendants
entered into a Voting Agreement. The Voting Agreement covers only those shares over which
the signatories have complete voting and dispositional control (2,019,776 Class A shares,
or 3.6% of the issued and outstanding Brown-Forman Corporation Class A Common Stock) and
names the undersigned as proxy holder for these shares. The Trust Shares are not subject
to the Voting Agreement, and the group created by the Voting Agreement does not consider
the Trust Shares to be beneficially owned by the group.

 



Table of Contents











Item 7.
 
Identification and Classification of the Subsidiary Which
Acquired the Security Being Reported on By the Parent Holding
Company or Control Person.



     N/A











Item 8.
 
Identification and Classification of Members of the Group.



     N/A











Item 9.
 
Notice of Dissolution of Group.



     N/A











Item 10.
 
Certification.



     By signing below I certify that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, the securities
referred to above were not acquired and are not held for the purpose of or with the effect of
changing or influencing the control of the issuer of the securities and were not acquired and are
not held in connection with or as a participant in any transaction having that purpose or effect.



Signature

     After reasonable inquiry and to the best of my knowledge and belief, I certify that the
information set forth in this statement is true, complete and correct.





 
 
 




Date: November 10, 2006
 
 


 
 
 


 
J. McCauley Brown, by

 
 


Nelea A. Absher, Attorney-In-Fact
 
 




 









MacB / MacAulay-Brown, Inc. | Engineering and Technical Services


























LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Google +

Contact Us











 Who We Are 


  ProfileFor more than 37 years, MacB has been solving some of the Nation’s most complex National Security challenges by offering advanced engineering services, cybersecurity and product solutions.
  History and TimelineWith a foundation built on meeting and exceeding the ever-changing National Security challenges, MacB has stayed true to company principles during its 37-year history of putting our Nation first.
  Message from the CEOPresident and CEO, Sid Fuchs, leads a team of more than 1,500 employees worldwide who are focused on strategic growth, and maintaining a collaborative culture dedicated to exceeding expectations.
  Leadership TeamMacB’s Senior Leadership Team works together across multiple disciplines to support customers, grow the strategic needs of the company and meet the needs of dedicated employees.
  Board of AdvisorsThese highly-regarded members of MacB’s Board of Advisors ensure that we continue to meet the current and future needs of our valued customers.
  Community InvolvementCommunity service, fundraising, gift drives and charity donations are all engrained into the MacB culture - with employees committed to giving back to local and national organizations.
  Office LocationsWith 17 offices in the U.S., we work closely with valued customers to increase capabilities and support mission success.
  AwardsThroughout our 37-year history, MacB has been awarded dozens of customer, innovation, product and workplace awards.
  CertificationsOur Integrated Standards Model highlights MacB's leadership in innovation, achieving differentiation among competitors and creating a culture of continual improvement. 
  Integrated LaboratoriesMacB has a consolidated set of R&D, test, and low rate production facilities to develop solutions across a broad base of customer mission areas.



 What We Do 


  Intelligence and AnalysisMacB provides a broad spectrum of technical and operational solutions to the Intelligence Community and the military 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Leaders depend on our technology solutions and analysis to make critical decisions. 
  CybersecurityMacB’s cyber solutions and services are designed to immediately identify, respond and neutralize cyber threats, and exploit vulnerabilities in target environments.
  Secure Cloud Eng/Data AnalyticsWe understand how critical it is to develop, deploy and sustain security-based systems that combat cyber threats, and support the entire complex system development life cycle. 
  RDT&EMacB is a leader in supporting RDT&E for multiple customers. Our R&D and test efforts span across all commodities from cyber, to sensors, to airborne platforms.
  Engineering and QRCTechnology Engineering is the heart of what we do, and it’s also our passion. Combined with our Quick Reaction Capability process, we are experts at delivering the right solution, at the right time. 
  Information TechnologyMacB is a leader in software development, system integration and sustainment of leading-edge IT services. We've adopted an Integrated Standards Model that includes ISO 9001, ISO 20000, and Level 3 CMMI certifications and best practices. 
  Logistics and Life Cycle MgmtWe have highly-trained logistics personnel and project managers with years of field experience working in support of program management, training and integration across the entire acquisition life cycle.
  Integrated LaboratoriesMacB has a consolidated set of R&D, test, and low rate production facilities to develop solutions across a broad base of customer mission areas.
  



 Who We Serve 


  A Pledge of Excellence“Commitment to Excellence” is our guiding philosophy and governs everything we do at MacB.
  Department of DefenseProviding the men and women that faithfully serve our country with the best technology and engineering solutions has been our guiding principle for more than 37 years. 
  Intelligence CommunityMacB provides innovative and cost-effective Intelligence, Cybersecurity, and Engineering solutions and services that keep our Nation safe.
  Special Operations For more than 25 years, the Special Operations Forces community has relied on MacB's innovative and proven engineering services and solutions to execute dynamic mission requirements. 
  Homeland SecurityWe have more than 20 years of experience delivering dynamic engineering services and product solutions in a quick-reaction capability environment.
  Federal AgenciesMacB delivers essential engineering, Information Technology and programmatic products and services for a wide range of federal agencies.



 Contracts 


Contracting With MacBMacB has a variety of contracting vehicles available to our customers, providing access to a wide range of advanced engineering services and product solutions.
Small Business RegistrationInterested in working with MacB? Register in our Small Business Partner program.
OASIS ContractMacB is a prime contractor in Pool 6 of the OASIS contract, providing government agencies with solutions to complex professional services requirements.
Major IDIQ ContractsMacB is proud of its long-standing history as a prime contractor for many of the biggest IDIQ contracts offered by the Department of Defense and other government agencies.
GSA SchedulesWe offer several GSA schedules that serve a variety of business needs.
Alliant GWACAs a successful provider of integrated IT solutions, MacB is an active Alliant contract holder.



 Careers 


Working at MacBAt MacB, you are not just another employee filling a requirement. You’re the reason for our success, along with team members, forming an excellence workplace with outstanding talent.

Transitioning Military CandidatesMore than 40 percent of MacB employees have served in the U.S. military. We value the unique qualities former military personnel bring to the table and actively recruit at various Career Fairs on military bases.   

Employee BenefitsMacB provides a comprehensive list of competitive benefits in the industry that are designed to offer job flexibility, security and long-term growth opportunities. 

Search Current OpeningsMacB is hiring qualified candidates for key positions at various locations across the U.S. and abroad.  

Submit ApplicationAre you interested in joining a team of highly-trained and professional employees dedicated to engineering, cybersecurity and product success? Search our open positions and submit your application.

Workplace AwardsMacB is committed to being the employer of choice. The company has received numerous workplace awards that are a testament to that commitment.

Employee TestimonialsRead testimonials from current and former employees to learn more about what it's like to work at MacB. 

Career FairsPotential employees can view a list of upcoming Career Fairs that the MacB Recruiting team attends throughout the year. 

MacB "HOT JOBS"Potential employees can search MacB job listings by Keyword, Job Category, Location and/or Clearance specifications. 




News Room 


Press ReleasesLearn more about MacB by reading our most recent press releases.
Trade ShowsAs a thought leader, MacB exhibits, presents and sponsors some of the largest Defense and Intelligence Community-related trade shows throughout the year.
MacB in the NewsWe are routinely featured in major news outlets offering commentary on the latest contract wins, industry trends and other innovations. 
White PapersDeveloping innovative solutions for the U.S. Government is part of the MacB culture. Many of our successes are captured in our White Paper library.
Contact UsContact us for questions or to learn more about MacB.
Press ContactMacB thought leaders are available to discuss recent press releases, government trends and other issues facing the National Security community.
















 















Latest News and Events
WashingtonExec Hosts Sid Fuchs: 'Don't Confuse Activity with Results'MacB Announces Over $200M in Classified Prime Contract WinsIntelligence Community News: MacB announces more than $200M in classified prime contract winsMacB CEO to Speak at ACG Monthly MeetingWashingtonExec: Save the Date: Sid Fuchs on ‘Surviving and Thriving’ 



Who We Are 
MacAulay-Brown, Inc. (MacB) provides advanced engineering, cybersecurity and product solutions to the Department of Defense (DoD), Intelligence Community (IC), Special Operations Forces (SOF), Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and Federal Agencies.
With Corporate Headquarters in Dayton, Ohio and National Capital Headquarters in Vienna, Virginia, MacB has more than 1,500 employees worldwide who are dedicated to developing mission-focused and results-oriented solutions that make a difference where and when it matters most. 

Learn More


What We Do 
For more than 37 years, MacB has been solving some of the Nation’s most complex National Security challenges. We are committed to delivering mission-critical capabilities in the areas of Intelligence and Analysis, Cybersecurity, Secure Cloud Engineering, Research and Development, Integrated Laboratories,  Information Technology and Life Cycle Management.

Learn More 


News Room

Jul 13, 2017
WashingtonExec: MacAulay-Brown announces $200 million in contract wins
Jul 10, 2017
MacB Announces Over $200M in Classified Prime Contract Wins
Jun 26, 2017
MacB CEO Delivers Networking and Leadership Presentation to HHS Employees
Jun 19, 2017
MacB Wins $49M Engineering and Technical Contract for the National Assessment Group

Learn More






Who We Are
What We Do
Who We Serve
Contracts
Careers
News Room
Employee Access





800.432.3421
4021 Executive Drive  Dayton, OH 45430





LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Google +

© MacAulay-Brown, Inc. 2017 










BF.B J. McCauley Brown Insider Trades for Brown-Forman Corp. Cl B


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Brown-Forman Corp. Cl B

                  NYSE: BF.B
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Brown-Forman Corp. Cl B



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 26, 2017, 4:01 p.m.


BF.B

/quotes/zigman/220587/composite


$
48.99




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 4,065
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/220587/composite
Previous close

$
			48.83
		


$
				48.99
			
Change

+0.16
+0.33%





Day low
Day high
$48.51
$49.10










52 week low
52 week high

            $43.72
        

            $59.71
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




J. McCauley Brown






Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





07/15/2014
10,663


 



1,000,083


07/15/2014
10,869


 



1,000,056


12/09/2013
325


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


12/09/2013
2,275


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


07/08/2013
1,250


 
Acquisition at $69.64 per share.


87,050


07/05/2013
2,350


 
Acquisition at $69.07 per share.


162,314


07/03/2013
411


 
Acquisition at $68.5 per share.


28,153


06/28/2013
3,933


 
Acquisition at $67.56 per share.


265,713


01/15/2013
1,280


 
Acquisition at $63.79 per share.


81,651


10/30/2012
400


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


10/30/2012
2,800


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. George Garvin Brown 
Co-Chairman




Mr. Paul C. Varga 
Co-Chairman & Chief Executive Officer




Ms. Jane C. Morreau 
Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Tim  Nall 
Chief Information Officer




Mr. Lawson E. Whiting 
Chief Brands & Strategy Officer, Senior VP




Mr. Rob  Frederick 
Director-Corporate Responsibility & Vice President




Mr. Michael J. Keyes 
President-North American Region




Mr. Michael A. Masick 
Director-Strategy & Corporate Development




Ms. Lisa  Hunter 
Associate Global Marketing Director




Ms. Jill Ackerman Jones 
EVP & President-North America & Latin America




Mr. Michael  Gayraud 
Country General Manager-France




Mr. Thomas  Hinrichs 
Senior Vice President & President-Europe Region




Mr. Alejandro Aquilino Alvarez 
Chief Production Officer & Senior Vice President




Ms. Kathleen M. Gutmann 
Director




Ms. Laura L. Frazier 
Director




Mr. Marshall B. Farrer 
Director




Mr. Campbell P. Brown 
Director




Ms. Augusta Brown Holland 
Director




Mr. Stuart R. Brown 
Director




Mr. John V. Hayes 
Chief Marketing Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Brian P. Fitzgerald 
Chief Accounting Officer & Senior Vice President




Ms. Lisa P. Steiner 
Chief of Staff, SVP & Director-Communications




Mr. Jason  Koval 
Vice President & Director-Investor Relations




Mr. Philip  Lynch 
Vice President & Director-Corporate Communications




Ms. Kirsten M. Hawley 
Chief Human Resources Officer & Senior VP




Mr. Matthew E. Hamel 
Secretary, Executive VP & General Counsel




Mr. Patrick  Bousquet-Chavanne 
Independent Director




Mr. John D. Cook 
Lead Independent Director




Mr. Bruce L. Byrnes 
Independent Director




Mr. Michael A. Todman 
Independent Director




Mr. Michael James Roney 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




4:02 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
3:34aDaily Mail revenue up; warns on some markets
3:33aWeir profit jumps on strong oil and gas showing
3:32aSmith & Nephew profit rises; on track for targets
3:31aSpain's unemployment rate drops to 17.22%
3:31aVolkswagen profit up; lifts sales guidance
3:31aThomas Cook loss halves; backs full-year guidance
3:30aLloyds profit narrows on £1 bln compensation bill
3:30aAirbus profit down 34% on lower plane deliveries
3:30aTate & Lyle profit ahead: backs full-year guidance
3:29aOil majors sustain profits despite crude's slide
3:28aAstraZeneca's Mystic cancer drug trial fails
3:17aAstraZeneca's Mystic lung cancer trial fails to meet endpoint 
3:08aAstraZeneca tumbles 15% after decline in quarterly revenue 
3:07aDeutsche Bank shares falls 3.3% after earnings report 
3:05aAnglo American up 3.6% after dividend reinstatement 
3:04aGermany's DAX opens 0.5% lower at 12,247.10 
3:04aFrance's CAC 40 opens 0.2% lower at 5,182.40 
3:03aU.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% lower at 7,436.13 
3:03aStoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% lower at 381.97
3:02aNestlé sales growth lags; profit rises on tax bump
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






















































 



J. McCauley Brown RPK























































  























About
Events
Local GOP
Officials
Blog


Get Involved
Sign Up
Donate
Social Media
Share
Write
Volunteer
Contact
Register
Intern









About
Events
Local GOP
Officials
Blog






Get Involved
Sign Up
Donate
Social Media
Share
Write
Volunteer
Contact
Register
Intern




Contribute

















J. McCauley
Brown





Chairman










J. McCauley
Brown







official










Republican Party of Kentucky
PO Box 1068
Frankfort, KY 40602



 

geography









502.875.5130



 

phone




















































