


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Hyatt.com








Please Excuse Us While We Do a Little Housekeeping



            The page you are trying to access is currently down for maintenance.
            We apologize for this inconvenience and are working hard to get everything in order and back online.
            Please come back soon!
        

            For reservation assistance, contact us.
        

            Sincerely,
            Your Hyatt Team
        



0Looking







Brown & Brown Insurance




































Select
    









 

        
     

Widgets




Search for:



  Recent Posts 

Hello world!


Recent CommentsArchives 
August 2013

Categories 
Uncategorized


Meta 
Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org 
 















J. Hyatt Brown, CPCU, CLU

 J. Hyatt Brown, CPCU, CLU
Chairman
Brown & Brown, Inc.
Mr. Brown has been Chief Executive Officer of Brown & Brown, Inc. since 1993 and the Chairman of the Board of Directors since 1994. Mr. Brown was President of Brown & Brown, Inc. from 1993 to December 2002, and served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Brown & Brown’s predecessor corporation from 1961 to 1993. He was a member of the Florida House of Representatives from 1972 to 1980, and Speaker of the House from 1978 to 1980. Mr. Brown serves on the Board of Directors of SunTrust Banks, Inc., International Speedway Corporation, FPL Group, Inc., BellSouth Corporation, and Rock-Tenn Company, each a publicly-held company. He also serves as Chairman of the Council of Insurance Agents & Brokers and a member of the Board of Insurance Services Office, as well as on the Board of Trustees of Stetson University, of which he is a past Chairman, and the Florida Council of 100. Mr. Brown is a past Vice Chairman of the Florida Residential Property and Casualty Joint Underwriting Association and a past Trustee of the Florida Chamber Foundation.


 
 
 


Loading

 






























































J. Hyatt Brown - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















J. Hyatt Brown
Board Member at International Speedway Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you J. Hyatt Brown? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view J. Hyatt Brown's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in J. Hyatt Brown's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in J. Hyatt Brown's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with J. Hyatt Brown through your network of contacts.
												








J. Hyatt Brown's Executive Work History


Current


Chairman, 
Brown & Brown, Inc.


Board Member, 
International Speedway Corporation


Past
To view J. Hyatt Brown's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
79

 
 


J. Hyatt Brown's Biography



J. Hyatt Brown (79) has served as one of our directors since 2003. Mr. Brown has been Chairman of Brown & Brown, Inc. since 1993 and served as Brown & Brown's Chief Executive Officer from 1993 until July 1, 2009. Mr. Brown is a Trustee of Stetson University in Florida, a past member of the Florida Board of Regents and a member of the Florida Council of 100. He was elected to the Florida House of Representatives in 1972 and was elected Speaker in 1978. Mr. Brown retired as Speaker in 1980. He also serves on the Board of Directors of the International Speedway Corporation. He served on the boards of directors of Next Era Energy, Inc. until May  ...
(Read More)

			J. Hyatt Brown (79) has served as one of our directors since 2003. Mr. Brown has been Chairman of Brown & Brown, Inc. since 1993 and served as Brown & Brown's Chief Executive Officer from 1993 until July 1, 2009. Mr. Brown is a Trustee of Stetson University in Florida, a past member of the Florida Board of Regents and a member of the Florida Council of 100. He was elected to the Florida House of Representatives in 1972 and was elected Speaker in 1978. Mr. Brown retired as Speaker in 1980. He also serves on the Board of Directors of the International Speedway Corporation. He served on the boards of directors of Next Era Energy, Inc. until May 2012, Rock-Tenn Company until January 2010, Sun Trust Banks, Inc. until 2008 and Bell South Corporation until 2006. In assessing Mr. Brown's skills and qualifications to serve on our Board, our directors considered his extensive experience in expanding and managing Brown & Brown, Inc., and his deep knowledge of the insurance industry. Our Board also believes it benefits from Mr. Brown's experience gained by his current and past service on other public company boards.
		
Source: Verisk Analytics, Inc. on 03/07/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view J. Hyatt Brown's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like J. Hyatt Brown. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in J. Hyatt Brown's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in J. Hyatt Brown's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with J. Hyatt Brown through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: J. Hyatt Brown


















J. Hyatt Brown's Connections (313)





Sign up now to view J. Hyatt Brown's 313 connections »









J. Brian Ferguson
Board Member, Owens Corning









Eric E. Silagy
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Florida Power and Light Company, NextEra Energy, Inc.









Kenneth B. Dunn
Board Member, NextEra Energy, Inc.









Moray P. Dewhurst
Former Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Finance, NextEra Energy, Inc.









James L. Robo
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, NextEra Energy, Inc.









Frederic V. Malek
Board Member, CBRE Group, Inc.









Frank G. Zarb
Former Board Member, Mondelez International, Inc.









Chris L. Walker
Executive Vice President and President, National Programs, Brown & Brown, Inc.









Anthony T. Strianese
Executive Vice President and President, Wholesale Brokerage Division, Brown & Brown, Inc.









Linda S. Downs
Former Executive Vice President, Brown & Brown, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Philip L. Milstein
Board Member, The Marcus Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













 











J. Hyatt Brown Talks About Business, Florida, and Politics | PropertyCasualty360
















 






















 





National Underwriter Property & Casualty
Claims
Claims Buyers Guide
America's Claims Event


Sign In
Register












Menu









eNewsletters
Magazines
Feedback?
Search


Twitter
Facebook
Google+
LinkedIn










Menu




Read Next Article

Is Florida at the Portal of a Stronger Insurance Market?




Share This Story








 








 








Filed Under:Agent Broker, Agency Management
J. Hyatt Brown Talks About Business, Florida, and Politics



Sep 01, 2010 | By Sharon K. Moorhead




Email
LinkedIn
Twitter
Facebook
Google+

Share This Story








     

        
        
        
    J. Hyatt Brown is the chairman - and for over 50 years, the driving force behind - Brown & Brown Insurance.
B&B was founded by Brown's father and a cousin in 1939 as Brown & Owen. The name changed to Brown & Brown in 1955, and J. Hyatt Brown joined the firm in 1959 after his graduation from the University of Florida. He bought the agency in 1961 and took the company public in 1993 via a merger with William Poe's Poe & Associates of Tampa. He assumed full control of the new entity in 1993. The family lineage continues at the company's dual headquarters with son J. Powell Brown as current president and CEO, based in Daytona Beach, and son P. Barrett Brown as profit center leader of the Tampa retail operation. Renowned for a 14-year run of double-digit bottom-line growth, successive years of increasing dividends, and customer retention rates above 90 percent, B&B ranks as one of the largest independent insurance intermediaries in the U.S. The company currently employs 5,200+ people in 180 locations.
Given his remarkable career in Florida's insurance market and the political arena (he was a member of the Florida House of Representatives from 1972 to 1980, and Speaker of the House from 1978 to 1980), Brown has a unique perspective from which to view our industry.

Complete your profile to continue reading and get FREE access to PropertyCasualty360.com, part of your ALM digital membership.

Benefits:
Your access to unlimited PropertyCasualty360.com content isn’t changing. Once you are an ALM digital member, you’ll receive:


          Critical PropertyCasualty360.com information including educational webcasts and videos, resources from industry leaders, and informative eNewsletters. 
        

          Exclusive discounts on ALM, National Underwriter, Claims, and PropertyCasualty360.com events. 
        

          Access to other award-winning ALM publications including BenefitsPro.com, ThinkAdvisor.com and Law.com.
        




Register Now


        Already have an account? Sign In





*May exclude premium content
      






X

Sign in with your ALM Account





Remember Me




Or...
Sign In With LinkedIn

Register for an Account | Forgot Your Password






*May exclude premium content
          




















Q. If you were starting out today, would you repeat the decentralized business model that allows decisions to be made by local-level managers and limits bureaucratic interference, while demanding performance-to-profit results that, while motivating, possibly resembles "tough love?"
A. Absolutely. Decentralization is the most efficient operating model, and it is very attractive to those merger candidates who want to be able to personally affect their future as opposed to being sucked up into the maw of a large, centralized company.





« Prev
Next »






View As One Page
Order reprints





Previous

      Page 1 of 2    
Next


 


Show Comments






















Most Popular Stories





Personal Lines
America's 10 most stolen vehicles 





Agency Management
How insurance agents can provide real value




 


E&S/Specialty
9 practical steps for hurricane preparation 





Commercial Lines
5 cautionary insurance tales for all home-based entrepreneurs





 







Featured Video











 





Specialty Liability Coverage by Prime Insurance Company

Provided by Prime Insurance Company
Prime Insurance Company offers coverage where other insurance carriers can't.

Share this video











Most Recent Videos









Inside Lloyd's: Writing a reinsurance risk at Lloyd's of London












Inside Lloyd's: John Nelson and the Lloyd's Building












Video: NUPC Excellence in Workers' Comp Risk Management award winners on WCI TV












VIDEO: Live from the 2016 WCEC General Session







Video Library ››










Top Story



Bon voyage: 4 keys to staying safe during vacation season
Public areas provide the greatest risks when traveling.










Top Story



Latest explosive California wildfire destroys dozens of homes [slideshow]
California's Detwiler fire has grown to more than 100 square miles and forced thousands to flee their homes.  










Resource Center





Prev
Next







Claim Visionaries: Expert Insights from the Claims Industry's Top Leaders

From top to bottom, the insurance industry is going through significant transformation. Get advice from experts in the field on...








Unique Coverage for Healthcare Providers -- Ensure Your Clients are Covered

Understand how a unique and effective insurance solution can help your clients address regulatory challenges, including Medicare and Medicaid billing...








Moving at the Speed of Automation -- 'Best-in-Class' Underwriting

Get a better look at how commercial insurance carriers are thinking about untapped efficiencies, straight-through processing, and what it means...









More Resources



 








Comments

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.












eNewsletter Sign Up
Agent & Broker Insider eNewsletter
Proven success tips and essential information to help agents and brokers grow their practice – FREE. Sign Up Now!






Subscribe Now →








 










 




 






Featured Topics



Coverage Issues














Top 5 steps for a bicyclist involved in a crash
Shaun G. Jamison
Insurance agents often have P&C insurance clients that are avid cyclists. Here's an article to share that offers helpful tips for dealing with an auto/bicycle collision.






Cybersecurity














Self-driving cars get boost with unanimous vote by House panel 
Ryan Beene
Congress took the first step toward setting rules for self-driving cars.
















Twitter
Facebook
Google+
LinkedIn
RSS





About Us
Contact Us
Advertise With Us
Privacy Policy
Press Room
Reprints
Editorial Calendar
Terms of Use


Copyright © 2017 ALM Media, LLC. All Rights reserved.


 










Advertisement. Closing in 15 seconds.





 











J. Hyatt Brown - Wikipedia






















 






J. Hyatt Brown

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



J. Hyatt Brown








Member of the Florida House of Representatives for the 31st district


In office
1972–1980


Speaker of the Florida House of Representatives


In office
1978–1980





Personal details


Born
(1937-07-12) July 12, 1937 (age 80)
Orlando, Florida


Political party
Democratic


Occupation
insurance agent


J. Hyatt Brown (born July 12, 1937) was an American politician in the state of Florida.
Brown was born in Orlando and grew up in Daytona Beach.[1] He attended the University of Florida and works in the insurance industry.[2] He served in the Florida House of Representatives for the 31st district, as a Democrat, serving from 1972 to 1980. From 1978 to 1980, he was Speaker of the Florida House of Representatives.[3] In 2009, Brown retired as CEO of his insurance agency, Brown & Brown.[4]
References[edit]



^ http://www.businessinsurance.com/article/20090705/ISSUE01/307059986
^ http://www.myfloridahouse.gov/Sections/Representatives/details.aspx?MemberId=2828
^ Ward, Robert L. / Florida House of Representatives (2011). "Membership of the Florida House of Representatives by County, 1845-2012" (PDF). Retrieved December 11, 2011. 
^ http://www.propertycasualty360.com/2010/09/01/j-hyatt-brown-talks-about-business-florida-and-politics







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=J._Hyatt_Brown&oldid=725028575"					
Categories: Living people1937 birthsMembers of the Florida House of RepresentativesPeople from Orlando, FloridaPeople from Daytona Beach, FloridaPeople from Ormond Beach, FloridaHidden categories: Pages using infobox officeholder with an atypical party valuePages using infobox officeholder with unknown parameters 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 13 June 2016, at 03:28.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









J. Hyatt Brown - Wikipedia






















 






J. Hyatt Brown

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



J. Hyatt Brown








Member of the Florida House of Representatives for the 31st district


In office
1972–1980


Speaker of the Florida House of Representatives


In office
1978–1980





Personal details


Born
(1937-07-12) July 12, 1937 (age 80)
Orlando, Florida


Political party
Democratic


Occupation
insurance agent


J. Hyatt Brown (born July 12, 1937) was an American politician in the state of Florida.
Brown was born in Orlando and grew up in Daytona Beach.[1] He attended the University of Florida and works in the insurance industry.[2] He served in the Florida House of Representatives for the 31st district, as a Democrat, serving from 1972 to 1980. From 1978 to 1980, he was Speaker of the Florida House of Representatives.[3] In 2009, Brown retired as CEO of his insurance agency, Brown & Brown.[4]
References[edit]



^ http://www.businessinsurance.com/article/20090705/ISSUE01/307059986
^ http://www.myfloridahouse.gov/Sections/Representatives/details.aspx?MemberId=2828
^ Ward, Robert L. / Florida House of Representatives (2011). "Membership of the Florida House of Representatives by County, 1845-2012" (PDF). Retrieved December 11, 2011. 
^ http://www.propertycasualty360.com/2010/09/01/j-hyatt-brown-talks-about-business-florida-and-politics







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=J._Hyatt_Brown&oldid=725028575"					
Categories: Living people1937 birthsMembers of the Florida House of RepresentativesPeople from Orlando, FloridaPeople from Daytona Beach, FloridaPeople from Ormond Beach, FloridaHidden categories: Pages using infobox officeholder with an atypical party valuePages using infobox officeholder with unknown parameters 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 13 June 2016, at 03:28.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








J. Hyatt Brown















Skip to Content
Universal Navigation Close Button


About Us
Facts and Figures
University Leadership
History
Explore Central Florida
Stetson Today



Academics
Undergraduate Programs
Graduate Programs
Online Programs
Continuing Education and Outreach
Centers and Institutes
Libraries



Admissions and Aid
Undergraduate Admissions
Graduate Admissions
Law Admissions
Adult Degree Completion
Plan a Visit
Tuition and Costs
Student Financial Planning



Colleges/Schools
Arts and Sciences
Business Administration
Law
Music



Student Life
Campus Life at DeLand
Campus Life at Gulfport
Dining and Meal Plans
Sports and Athletics
Merchandise



News and Events
Stetson Today
DeLand Campus Events
Gulfport Campus Events
Commencement
Homecoming



Communities
Future Students
Current Students
Parents
Visitors
Alumni
Faculty
Staff





Universal Search Close Button


Search:

Search


Tuition and Fees
Academic Calendar
Athletics
Housing
Libraries



Stetson UniversityUniversal Navigation




Universal Search









Page Links
Board of Trustees Home
Upcoming Board Meeting


J. Hyatt Brown
Hon. '92
Chairman, Brown and Brown, Inc.
Ormond Beach, Fla.
J. Hyatt Brown currently serves as chairman of the Board of Brown and Brown, Inc. since July 2009. Brown was President and CEO of Brown & Brown, Inc. from 1993 to December 2002 and served as president and chief executive officer of Brown and Brown’s predecessor corporation from 1961 to 1993. 
Brown was a member of the Florida House of Representatives from 1972 to 1980, and Speaker of the House from 1978 to 1980. He serves on the board of directors of International Speedway Corporation and Verisk Analytics, each a publicly held company, and is also a member of the Council of 100. He is a past vice chair of the Florida Residential Property and Casualty Joint Underwriting Association, past chair of the Council of Insurance Agents & Brokers, and a past director of BellSouth Corporation, SunTrust Banks, Inc., NextEra Energy, Inc. and Rock-Tenn Company. 
Brown has served on Stetson's Board of Trustees since 1981, including one term as chair. He is currently chair of the Finance Committee.
+ Share Page



















J. Hyatt Brown, Chairman, Brown & Brown, Inc. | UF | Bob Graham Center

























Skip to main content








UF | Bob Graham Center











  J. Hyatt Brown, Chairman, Brown & Brown, Inc.  





















J. Hyatt Brown joined Brown & Brown, Inc. in 1959 and became President and Chief Executive Officer in 1961.  He is currently Chairman.  Mr. Brown is a graduate of the University of Florida, 1959 B.S.B.A.  At the University, he was named a Florida Blue Key Leadership Honorary and is a member of the University Hall of Fame.  After his formal education, Mr. Brown received both Chartered Property Casualty Underwriter (CPCU) and Chartered Life Underwriter (CLU) designations.
Mr. Brown is currently serving on the board for International Speedway Corporation in Daytona, Verisk Analytics, Inc. in Jersey City.  In the insurance industry, he has served as Vice Chairman of Florida Residential Property and Casualty Joint Underwriting Association and The Council of Insurance Agents & Brokers in Washington.  He is a Trustee of Stetson University.
Mr. Brown is active in legislative services as well as civic and educational activities.  He was elected to the Florida House of Representatives in 1972 and subsequently re-elected.  He also served as Speaker of the House from 1978 to 1980.  In the educational arena, Mr. Brown was on the Board of Regents for the State of Florida from 1982-1989, and served as Chairman of the Board of Trustees at Stetson University.  During his active involvement with civic organizations, he served on the Salvation Army Advisory Council, the YMCA Advisory Board, the Civic League of the Halifax Area.  He is a Member of The Florida Council of 100, Past Chairman of Community Action Agency, Past President of Daytona Beach Area Chamber of Commerce, Past President of Futures, Inc., and Past Trustee of Florida Chamber Foundation.
In August 1979, Time Magazine named Mr. Brown as one of the Nation's 50 young leaders.  In 1977 and 1978, he also received the Most Effective Member of the House - Allen Morris Award and the Most Valuable Member of the House - St. Petersburg Times Award.  In 1998, he was awarded Humanitarian of the Year – Memorial Health Systems.  In 2000, he was awarded the Distinguished Alumnus Award from the University of Florida.  Investor’s Business Daily named him as one of their “Top 10 Leaders & Success CEO’s for 2001” and A.M. Best named him to their list of “People to Watch in 2002” as one of the people likely to affect the course of the insurance industry in the year ahead.  He was inducted into the Junior Achievement Mid-Florida Business Hall of Fame on November 18, 2004 in recognition of his outstanding accomplishments in the insurance industry.
J. Hyatt Brown Interview

 

 







Tweets by @GrahamCenter











Mission Statement
The Bob Graham Center for Public Service is a community of students, scholars, and citizens who share a commitment to renewing the values, knowledge, and skills of citizenship, and training the next generation of public and private sector leaders.




BGC Citizenship Awards



Event Archive



Contribute


 












220 Pugh Hall, Gainesville, Florida 32611-2030
(352) 846-1575
Parking Map
E-Mail Us:  graham-events@clas.ufl.edu


 
 







Brown, J. Hyatt - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































J. Hyatt Brown
J. HYATT BROWN joined Brown & Brown, Inc., in 1959 and became President
and Chief Executive Officer in 1961. He is currently Chairman, President
& CEO. Mr. Brown is a graduate of the University of Florida, BS and BA.
At the University, he was named a Florida Blue Key Leadership Honorary
and is a member of the University Hall of Fame. After his formal
education, Mr. Brown received both Chartered Property Casualty
Underwriter (CPCU) and Chartered Life Underwriter (CLU) designations. He
has served or is currently serving on the Boards of SunTrust Banks,
Inc., in Atlanta, Rock-Tenn Company in Atlanta, BellSouth Corporation in
Atlanta, FPL Group, Inc., in Miami, International Speedway Corporation,
The Council of Insurance Agents & Brokers, and The SCPIE Companies. In
the insurance industry, he has served as Vice Chairman of Florida
Residential Property and Casualty Joint Underwriting Association and a
Trustee of Stetson University. Mr. Brown is active in legislative
services as well as civic and educational activities. He was elected to
the Florida House of Representatives in 1972 and subsequently re-
elected. He also served as Speaker of the House from 1978 to 1980. In
the educational arena, Mr. Brown was on the Board of Regents for the
State of Florida from 1982-1989, and served as Chairman of the Board of
Trustees at Stetson University. During his active involvement with civic
organizations, he served on the Salvation Army Advisory Council, the
YMCA Advisory Board, the Civic League of the Halifax Area. He is Past
Chairman of Community Action Agency, Past President of Daytona Beach
Area Chamber of Commerce, a Member of The Florida Council of 100, Past
President of Futures, Inc., and Past Trustee of Florida Chamber
Foundation. In August 1979, Time magazine named Mr. Brown as one of the
nation’s 50 young leaders. In 1977 and 1978, he also received the Most
Effective Member of the House – Allen Morris Award and the Most Valuable
Member of the House – St. Petersburg Times Award. In 1998, he was
awarded Humanitarian of the Year ‘ Memorial Health Systems. In 2000, he
was awarded the Distinguished Alumnus Award by the University of
Florida.
Related Interviews:J.hyatt Brown - Brown & Brown Inc (bro)September 03, 2001







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google














Brown J Hyatt & Cici                                                                                                     - Ormond Beach                                      , FL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



Ormond Beach



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            Brown J Hyatt & Cici
                                    



 





















B 


Brown J Hyatt & Cici                                                                                                    
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



213 RIVERSIDE DR ORMOND BEACH, FL 32176
Get Directions



(386) 676-9923
 





Business Info



 Founded 2009
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $120,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts Brown Hyatt                                                                                                             







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Brown J Hyatt & Cici                                                                                                     is located at 213 Riverside Dr in Ormond Beach and has been in the business of Business Services At Non-commercial Site since 2009. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







B

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














































	Brown, Hank  - Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck 

Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display









menu-opener

Brownstein Hyatt Faber Schreck


search-opener







menu-closer





About
offices
careers
diversity
news
events











rss














HomePeopleAttorneysA-BBrown, Hank


PDF

share
Subscribe













Hank Brown
Senior Counsel


hbrown@bhfs.com

                            303.223.1177
                        

Denver, Colorado




mail
share














Hank Brown's practice focuses in industry areas such as banking, water, natural resources and public affairs and includes oil and gas law and water law. Throughout his 40-year career, Hank has held several positions in public service. Most recently, Hank served as the 21st President of the University of Colorado (CU). His tenure at CU is marked by successes with record enrollment numbers, donations, diversity growth and the largest increase in state funding seen in the university’s 131-year history. His leadership was instrumental in increasing the university’s federal research funding to $640 million and reforming its governance process.

Prior to his time at CU, Hank was president and CEO of the Daniels Fund where he is credited with reducing the organization’s overhead by 35 percent and shifting $2 million per year to increase grants and scholarships. From 1998 to 2002, Hank served as the 11th president of the University of Northern Colorado. 

Hank spent six years serving Colorado in the U.S. Senate, five consecutive terms in the U.S. House representing Colorado’s 4th Congressional District and four years in the Colorado Senate. From 1969 to 1980, Hank served as vice president of Monfort of Colorado.

From 1962 to 1966 he served in the U.S. Navy, where he volunteered his service in Vietnam and was decorated for his combat service as a forward air controller.












Practices & Industries




Practices & Industries



Practices

Energy & Natural ResourcesGovernment Relations















News & Events
Community
Publications & Presentations



News & Events



 
 Hank Brown Receives 2016 Legacy Award From Leadership Program Of The Rockies   


 Hank Brown Appointed to Guaranty Bancorp Board of Directors   


 Face to face with Hank Brown   


 Hank Brown Joins Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck   






Community


The Daniels Fund
National Western Stock Show
Board of Directors, Guaranty Bancorp
University of Colorado, numerous activities on behalf of the university




Publications & Presentations



CEQA News You Can Use - Vol. 1, Issue 1Brownstein Client Alert, October 6, 2016
2015 Washington OutlookBrownstein Client Alert, Feb. 2, 2015

Existing Standards are Worth StudyingCo-Author, The Pueblo Chieftain, November 21, 2014

Republicans Won Control of the U.S. Senate—Now What?Brownstein Client Alert, November 6, 2014
Strong Economy Depends on Our Engagement AbroadPanelist, U.S. Global Leadership Coalition Event, Denver, CO, December 16, 2013
Congress Should Reform College Accreditation to Save Students, TaxpayersUniversity Business, October 2, 2013
Protecting Students and Taxpayers: The Federal government's Failed Regulatory Approach and Steps for ReformAuthor, American Enterprise Institute, September 30, 2013
The SEC's New Whistleblower Rules – How Has the Landscape Changed? How Should My Company Respond?Brownstein Panel and Roundtable Discussion, June 29, 2011











Education
Admissions
Recognition
Membership



Education


J.D., 1969, University of Colorado Law School

LL.M., 1984, The George Washington University B.S., 1961, University of Colorado




Admissions


Colorado





Recognition


2016 Leadership Program of the Rockies Legacy Award Winner
2008 Citizen of the West Award, National Western Stock Show
Former Quigg and Virginia S. Newton Endowed Chair, University of Colorado





Membership


American Bar Association
Colorado Bar Association





attorney-7702


                Would you like to include Deals in the printed output or PDF?
            
















Loading...



















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Hyatt.com








Please Excuse Us While We Do a Little Housekeeping



            The page you are trying to access is currently down for maintenance.
            We apologize for this inconvenience and are working hard to get everything in order and back online.
            Please come back soon!
        

            For reservation assistance, contact us.
        

            Sincerely,
            Your Hyatt Team
        



0Looking