

BT Funds Management Limited - Additional disclosure | BT







































Switch drawer








The following form allows you to search all of BT.




Clear search

Search query










Submit search




















BT Financial Group


Additional disclosure




BT Financial Group


Additional disclosure









Open Sibling Navigation













BT Financial Group


Additional disclosure




BT Financial Group


Additional disclosure







Close Sibling Navigation








Additional disclosure - BT Funds Management Limited


Regulatory reporting of trustee entity BT Funds Management Limited, including executive remuneration and group policy.






Executive summary



Executive Officers





John Shuttleworth

Executive Director, Superannuation Boards & General Manager, Platforms and Investments - BT Financial Group





John Shuttleworth was appointed General Manager, Platforms & Operations, BT Financial Group in September 2012. In this role John looks after platforms (BT Wrap and Asgard), distribution, operations, tax and accounting, the fund manager governance team, as well as the Group's NextGen project which is designed to support the evolving needs of key customers including advisers, dealer groups and investors. John has been served as an Executive Director of the Superannuation Boards since 2008.

John joined BT Financial Group in 2004 as General Manager of Group Marketing, leading the project team that developed BT Super for Life. Since then he has had held several roles including General Manager, Business Transformations; General Manager Superannuation & Investment Solutions and General Manager Platforms Marketing & Communication.
Before joining BT, John co-founded an internet technology company that grew rapidly from a start-up into a successful services firm before being sold to a NASDAQ listed company. John has more than 25 years management experience with a core focus on products, marketing and sales, having worked with organisations including Unilever, Reckitt Benckiser, The Smith Snackfood Company and Amalgamated Holdings. John is a Graduate Member of the Australian Institute of Company Director and holds a Bachelor of Commerce from the University of New South Wales.







Melinda Howes

Executive Director, Superannuation Boards & General Manager, Superannuation - BT Financial Group





Melinda Howes commenced a role in late 2014 as General Manager of Superannuation for BT Financial Group. Until June 2014 she was the Director of Product Strategy and Services for AMP's Insurance and Superannuation business.
Melinda is an actuary whose career in financial services has spanned policy, strategy, consulting, product and sales work in superannuation, wealth management, insurance and not for profit entities.
Melinda was the CEO of the Actuaries Institute for three and a half years. Prior to that she was Director of Policy at ASFA (the Super Funds Association). She has also been a consultant with ALEA Actuarial and previously spent eleven years at BT from 1993, culminating in a role as Director of Superannuation and Retirement Products. She started her career in life insurance with Prudential.
Melinda is on the Super FSC board, an Executive Director on the BT Financial Group RSE Boards. Melinda is a member of the Australian Institute of Company Directors and a Fellow of The Institute of Actuaries of Australia, she's also on the advisory board of Macquarie University's Faculty of Business and Economics.







Brad Cooper

Chief Executive - BT Financial Group





The Chief Executive of BT Financial Group, Brad Cooper brings his passion for customers and his experience of over 20 years in business leadership roles to the organisation.
Prior to joining BT Financial Group, Brad led the merger of St.George and Westpac as the Westpac Group’s Chief Transformation Officer.
Brad joined the Westpac Group in April 2007 as the Chief Executive of Westpac New Zealand. Prior to joining Westpac, Brad was Chairman of GE Capital Bank and Chief Executive Officer of GE Consumer Finance UK & Ireland. He drove GE's UK Six Sigma program and was certified as a Quality Leader (Black Belt) in December 2002. He was promoted to Chief Executive Officer of GE Consumer Finance UK in January 2003 and appointed Chairman of GE Capital Bank in April 2004.







Yvonne Le Bas

Chief Financial Officer - BT Financial Group





Yvonne was appointed as Chief Financial Officer, BT Financial Group in February 2016. Yvonne first joined Westpac Group in 2007, and has held a number of executive roles including Acting Deputy CFO, CFO Group Services, General Manager Enterprise Investments & Delivery, CFO St George Integration / GM Finance Transformation and General Manager Productivity & Process Excellence.
Prior to joining Westpac, Yvonne was General Manager, Decision Support Australia at NAB and General Manager Strategy at MLC Corporate Development.
Yvonne is a Fellow of the Australian and England & Wales Chartered Accountants and a Member of the Australian Institute of Company Directors. She holds a Bachelor of Business Studies and Master of Art from Trinity College Dublin, Graduate Management Qualification from AGSM. In 2013, Yvonne was awarded Westpac’s General Manager of the Year Award and in 2015 and in 2013 was a finalist for Westpac’s Women of Influence internal awards.







Leslie Vance

Chief Risk Officer - BT Financial Group





Leslie Vance is the Chief Risk Officer, BT Financial Group. Prior to this, Leslie held the role of Group General Manager, Core Transformation at Westpac Banking Corporation.
Previously at Westpac, Leslie was Chief Operating Officer of Technology. Prior to that, General Manager of Investments & Business Partnering and has previously held the role of Corporate Counsel for Secretariat & Corporate, where he was responsible for Group Secretariat and the corporate legal function across the Group.
Prior to joining Westpac in 2008, Leslie was Group Executive for External Funds at Investa Property Group and Chief Executive for Gaming at TAB Limited. He has also held strategic project roles with Racing NSW.
Leslie is the Chairman of the Royal Hospital for Women Foundation Limited.
Leslie holds a Bachelor of Commerce and a Bachelor of Laws with Honours, both from University of Queensland.







Andrew Walker

Chief Operating Officer - BT Financial Group





Andrew Walker was appointed Chief Operating Officer, BT Financial Group in December 2015 to develop centres of excellence and drive horizontal connectivity across BT and Westpac Group. Andrew is an experienced executive with knowledge of all parts of the wealth value chain and deep expertise in delivering transformational change.
Andrew joined BT Financial Group in 2013 as Senior Head of Strategy, leading Westpac's wealth strategy and the business strategy for BT Financial Group. Andrew has broad experience across multiple industries (and regions) including corporate development, strategic analysis, M&A, capital raisings and turnarounds.
Before joining BT, Andrew was Managing Director of corporate advisory firm Radius Capital Limited and the CEO of Dorchester Pacific Group, a NZ listed multidivisional financial services group with operations across Finance, Insurance, Funds Management and Advice. Prior to this Andrew was Associate Partner with investment banking and venture capital firms Clavell Capital (NZ) and Fremont Partners (US).
Andrew completed his MBA at the Stanford Graduate School of Business in 2003.







Corrin Collocott

Acting Chief Investment Officer





Corrin joined BTIS in November 2015 in the role of Head of Diversified Portfolio Management and has more than 20 years' experience working across various industries, most recently as Manager, Investment Strategies at Sunsuper.
Corrin is responsible for delivering on the investment objectives for all the BTIS diversified portfolios (multi-manager and lifestage). In particular, he is responsible for the formulation and implementation of strategic asset allocations and oversees the tactical asset allocation/dynamic asset allocation processes, along with overseeing the meeting of regulatory requirements, reporting and the preparation of the relevant Board papers containing investment recommendations.
Prior to this Corrin has held a number of roles across a variety of industries including Russell Investment Group, lnTech, MCA NZ Limited, Watson Wyatt Worldwide and previous to that, Rolls Royce, Koeberg Nuclear Power Station and Aegis Insurance Company.
Corrin graduated from the University of Cape Town with a Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering, and is a Fellow of the Institute of Actuaries of Australia.







Lisa Gavin

Head of Tax and Accounting Services, Platforms & Investments - BT Financial Group





Lisa is an experienced funds management professional, who has worked on a diverse range of products over the past 25 years.
Lisa joined the Investment Accounting team within Westpac Financial Services (now BT Financial Group) in 1993. She had various roles within Investment Accounting before being appointed Head of Tax and Accounting Services in May 2011.
She has overall responsibility for accounting for BT's managed investment schemes, superannuation funds and platforms.
Prior to joining Westpac, Lisa worked at PricewaterhouseCoopers in the audit division.
Lisa has a Bachelor of Economics from the University of Sydney, is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Australia, has a Graduate Diploma in Applied Finance and Investment from Financial Services Institute of Australasia (FINSIA), and is a Graduate of the Australian Institute of Company Directors (GAICD).







Kelly Power

Head of Platforms, Platforms & Investments - BT Financial Group





Kelly joined St George Bank in 2005 and currently oversees the management of BTFG's platform solutions, which includes both Asgard and BT Wrap. Kelly is responsible for competitiveness of the BT platforms, ensuring they continue to innovate and meet the needs of the adviser and investor communities, in turn growing BTFG's market share.
Kelly has over 11 years experience in the financial services market and prior to this role, Kelly held various other product roles with MLC and BT. Kelly has a degree in Communications, and holds a diploma in financial services and a diploma of management.







Matthew Englund

Head of Workplace Super, Superannuation - BT Financial Group





Matt is the Head of Workplace Super and is responsible for driving revenue through customer acquisition and retention in Workplace super offers.
Prior to this appointment, Matt led Securitor Financial Group, a part of BT Financial Group's Advice business, since 2010. Securitor provides licensing and practice support to over 450 advisers nationally. Matt previously led BT Financial Group's Practice Management function which is responsible for providing dealer services across the Advice and Private Banking businesses. Matt also spent nine years with Colonial First State, where he held several senior management roles, including Head of Advice Solutions and Head of Distribution Development.
Matt holds a Bachelor of Business (UTS), a Graduate Diploma in Financial Planning (SIA) and is a Graduate member of the Australian Institute of Company Directors.







Bettina Fischer

Head of Program Delivery, Superannuation - BT Financial Group





Bettina Fischer is the Head of Program Delivery in Superannuation, a role which she was appointed to in June 2015 responsible for leading a multi-project team of 150 members to deliver Stronger Super Regulatory requirements, Legislative and Strategic Initiatives.
Bettina joined the BT Financial Group in 2006, throughout this time her roles have included senior Project/Program, Implementation and Change Management roles.
Prior to joining BT Financial Group Bettina held roles with the Insurance Australia Group as a Program Manager in Customer Strategy, as well as with the Commonwealth Bank where she started her career as a Senior Business Analyst and progressed to an Executive Manager of the Compliance Projects Program.
Bettina graduated from Macquarie University with a Bachelor of Economics majoring in Banking and Finance.







Adam Douglas

Head of Business Risk & Regulatory Centre of Excellence, Superannuation - BT Financial Group





Adam was appointed Head of Business Risk & Regulatory Centre of Excellence for BT Financial Group's Superannuation business in May 2015. In this role, he's responsible for ensuring the BT Superannuation business has sustainable, efficient and compliant business processes and frameworks in place which enable it to strategically leverage legislative and regulatory change.
Prior to being appointed to this role, Adam was responsible for leading the delivery of BT's regulatory change program across the Superannuation business.
With over 18 years in the financial services sector in Australia, Adam has worked across the areas of product strategy and development, sales planning and development, strategic program implementation and risk and compliance. Senior roles within Westpac and BT have included Head of Change & Training, Westpac Group Risk, Program Director of the enterprise-wide Heath, Safety & Wellbeing Transformation Program, and Head of Product Development and Strategic Projects at BT.
Adam is Westpac's Lead Mentor for the School for Social Entrepreneurs and has been a Director of the Westpac Employee Assistance Foundation since 2011.
Adam holds a Bachelor of Arts from the University of Sydney and is a member of the Australian Institute of Company Directors.





Non-executive Directors





David Plumb

Independent, Non-executive Director (1 March 2011 to present), Chairman (16 November 2015 to present)





David Plumb was appointed as a director of the Superannuation Boards in 2011; he served as Chairman of the Board Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee from 2011 to November 2015 and serves on the Board Investment Committee. David was appointed as Chairman of the Superannuation Boards on 16 November 2015.

David has more than 28 years' financial services experience, having operated at a Director, Executive and Adviser level principally within the superannuation, funds management, advice and insurance sectors.
In addition to his roles with BT, David is currently a Director on the Board of Insurance and Care NSW, serves on the Compliance Committee for Blackrock Investment Management and consults to organisations on Finance, Strategy and Organisational Change. David is a Graduate Member of the Australian Institute of Company Directors, a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants and holds a Master of Economics – Professional Accounting from Macquarie University.







Lorraine Berends

Independent, Non-executive Director (10 July 2014 to present)





Lorraine Berends was appointed as a director of the Superannuation Boards in 2014. She chairs the Board Investment Committee and serves on the Board Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee

Lorraine has worked for over 30 years in the Australian financial services industry, specialising in superannuation and funds management.
Lorraine served on the Board of the Association of Superannuation Funds of Australia (ASFA) for 12 years (including 3 years as Chair) and the Board of the Investment Management Consultants Association (IMCA australia) for 13 years (including 7 years as Chair). Lorraine was awarded Life membership of ASFA in November 2009 "in recognition of exceptional service to the industry".
Lorraine joined Marvin & Palmer Associates, a U.S. based global equity manager, in May 2000 with responsibility for Marvin & Palmer’s business in Australia and Asia. Lorraine was appointed the first non-US principal of Marvin & Palmer Associates in July 2001. In prior roles Lorraine consulted to superannuation funds and other institutional investors.
Lorraine is a Fellow of the Institute of Actuaries of Australia, a Fellow of ASFA, a Graduate Member of the Australian Institute of Company Directors and holds a Bachelor of Science from Monash University, Melbourne. Lorraine is a Specialist Member on the Investment Committee of QSuper.







Michael Cottier

Independent, Non-executive Director (16 November 2015 to present)





Michael Cottier was appointed as a director of the Superannuation Boards in November 2015 and serves as Chairman of the Board Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee.

Michael is an experienced financial services professional with expertise in finance and taxation. Michael’s most recent executive role was as CFO, QSuper Limited. Michael has also worked at QIC Limited and Suncorp Group Limited.
Michael is a Fellow of CPA Australia, a Fellow of The Tax Institute and holds a Masters in Taxation from The University of Queensland.
Michael is on the Board of the Mortgage & Finance Association of Australia, Stadiums Queensland and Metro Arts, Queensland Teachers Union Health Limited and previously served as a member of the ASFA Governance & Regulatory Council.







Jane Perry

Independent, Non-executive Director (1 February 2016 to present)





Jane was appointed as a director of the Superannuation Boards in February 2016. She serves on the Investment Committee and the Board Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee.

Jane has more than 25 years business leadership experience, predominantly in financial services. She retired from her role as Chief Executive Officer, Qantas Super, in December 2015 and was previously Chief Executive Officer of J.P. Morgan Treasury and Securities Services Australia and New Zealand. In March 2011 Jane was recognised as the Custodian Banker of the Year in the Asset Asian Awards and in November 2010, she was inducted into the YWCA’s Academy of Women Leaders in New York. Jane’s earlier career included roles as General Manager People and Chief Operations Officer for AXA’s Australia and New Zealand franchise and Associate Director of KPMG Management Consulting.
Jane has previously held board positions with the Association of Superannuation Funds of Australia (ASFA) where she chaired the Policy Committee and served on the Member Services Committee, National Mutual Superannuation Pty Ltd, National Mutual Staff Superannuation Plan, J.P. Morgan Nominees Australia Limited, the Victorian Arts Centre and the Australian Brandenburg Orchestra.
Jane is currently a member of the Salvation Army Advisory Board where she chairs the Risk Sub-Committee and serves on the Risk and Audit Board and the Employment Plus Board. She is a Director of the Sydney Financial Forum.
Jane was educated at Macquarie University, Sydney, and holds Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Science degrees, as well as a Diploma of Education.





Executive Remuneration Summary

Executive Remuneration Summary

Register of Relevant Duties & Relevant Interests

Register of Relevant Duties & Relevant Interests









RSE governance




BT Funds Management Limited Constitution
BT Funds Management Limited Annual Report Sept 2016
Trust deed: Retirement Wrap
Trust deed: Asgard Independence Plan
Trust deed: BT Institutional Conservative Growth PST

Trust deed: BT Lifetime Super
Trust deed: Advance Retirement Suite
Trust deed: Beacon Superannuation Plan



Participation agreements

BT Lifetime Super - Teradata Participation Agreement - July 2014
BT Lifetime Super - SIMS Staff - Participation Agreement - July 2014
BT Lifetime Super - Millennium Inorganic Chemicals Ltd - Participation Agreement - July 2014
BT Lifetime Super - NCR Participation Agreement - July 2014
BT Super for Life - Westpac Group Plan - Participation Agreement - 31 May 2016









Policies




Westpac Group Policy - Appointment of Directors to Subsidiaries
Westpac Group Policy - Board Renewal
BT Superannuation - Proxy Voting Policy December 2016
Westpac Group Diversity Policy
BT MySuper Environmental Social and Governance Policy July 2016
BT Conflicts of Interest Summary July 2014









Records and registers




Material Outsourced Service Providers Register
Board Meeting – record of attendance
Superannuation Fund Proxy Voting Record









Notices




Notice of election into a new tax regime
June 30 2017 - Notice of election to reduce the maximum period for providing exit statements
June 30 2017 - List of funds affected by the notice of election changes
Significant Event Notices - summary table







Superannuation products






Open Superannuation Products
Product Disclosure Statements & Additional Information
Product updates & disclosure notices
Annual financial report
Financial Services Guide
BT Super for Life

Product Disclosure Statement (PDS)
Additional Information Brochure



BT Super for Life Product Updates


BT Super for Life – Westpac Group Plan Actuarial Valuation Report, Valuation Date 30 June 2015


BT Super For Life Annual Report June 2016

BT Super for Life Financial Services Guide
BT Lifetime Super - Employer Plan

Product Disclosure Statement (PDS)
Additional Information Brochure (AIB) part 1
Additional Information Brochure (AIB) part 2
Additional Information Brochure (AIB) part 3
Employer Brochure



BT Lifetime Super Employer Plan Product Updates


BT Lifetime Super – Teradata Australia Pty Limited Plan Actuarial Valuation Report, Valuation Date 1 July 2016
BT Lifetime Super – SIMS Group Superannuation Plan Actuarial Valuation Report, Valuation Date 30 June 2015
BT Lifetime Super - Millennium Inorganic Chemicals Limited Plan Actuarial Valuation Report, Valuation Date 30 June 2015
BT Lifetime Super – NCR Australia Pty Limited Plan Actuarial Valuation Report, Valuation Date 1 July 2015


BT Lifetime Super Employer Plan Annual Report June 2016
BT Lifetime Super Employer Plan : Teradata Australia Defined Benefit Plan Annual Report June 2016
BT Lifetime Super - Employer Plan: SIMS Group Defined Benefit Plan Annual Report  June 2016
BT Lifetime Super - Employer Plan: NCR Australia Defined Benefit Plan Annual Report June 2016
BT Lifetime Super - Employer Plan: Millennium Inorganic Chemicals Defined Benefit Plan Annual Report June 2016

BT Funds Management Limited Financial Services Guide

BT Lifetime Super – Personal Plan

Product Disclosure Statement (PDS)
Additional Information Brochure (AIB) part 1
Additional Information Brochure (AIB) part 2
Additional Information Brochure (AIB) part 3


BT Lifetime Super – Personal Plan Product Updates

BT Lifetime Super – Personal Plan Annual Report June 2016

BT Funds Management Limited Financial Services Guide

BT SuperWrap

Product Disclosure Statement (PDS)
Additional Information Brochure (AIB)



BT SuperWrap Product Updates
Significant Event Notice June 2016
Significant Event Notice June 2015
Significant Event Notice June 2014
Significant Event Notice November 2012


BT SuperWrap Annual Report June 2016
BT SuperWrap Annual Report June 2015
BT SuperWrap Annual Report June 2014
BT SuperWrap Annual Report June 2013

BT Portfolio Services Financial Services Guide
BT Funds Management Limited Financial Services Guide

Asgard eWRAP Super/Pension

Product Disclosure Statement (PDS)
Additional Information Brochure (AIB)



Significant Event Notice June 2016
Significant Event Notice March 2016
Significant Event Notice July 2015
Significant Event Notice December 2014
Significant Event Notice - Asgard Personal Protection Package December 2014
Significant Event Notice June 2014
Significant Event Notice June 2013


Asgard Super & Pension Annual Report June 2016

Asgard Super & Pension Annual Report June 2015
Asgard Super & Pension Annual Report June 2014
Asgard Super & Pension Annual Report June 2013

BT Funds Management Limited Financial Services Guide
Asgard Financial Services Guide

Asgard eWRAP Infinity Super/Pension

Product Disclosure Statement (PDS)
Additional Information Brochure (AIB)



Significant Event Notice June 2016
Significant Event Notice March 2016
Significant Event Notice July 2015
Significant Event Notice December 2014
Significant Event Notice - Asgard Personal Protection Package December 2014
Significant Event Notice June 2014
Significant Event Notice June 2013


Asgard Super & Pension Annual Report June 2016
Asgard Super & Pension Annual Report June 2015
Asgard Super & Pension Annual Report June 2014
Asgard Super & Pension Annual Report June 2013

BT Funds Management Limited Financial Services Guide
Asgard Financial Services Guide

Asgard Elements Super/Pension

Product Disclosure Statement (PDS)



Significant Event Notice March 2016
Significant Event Notice July 2015
Significant Event Notice December 2014
Significant Event Notice - Asgard Personal Protection Package December 2014
Significant Event Notice June 2014
Significant Event Notice June 2013


Asgard Super & Pension Annual Report June 2016

Asgard Super & Pension Annual Report June 2015
Asgard Super & Pension Annual Report June 2014
Asgard Super & Pension Annual Report June 2013

BT Funds Management Limited Financial Services Guide
Asgard Financial Services Guide

Asgard Managed Profiles and Separately Managed Accounts - Funds Super/Pension

Product Disclosure Statement (PDS)



Significant Event Notice March 2016
Significant Event Notice July 2015
Significant Event Notice December 2014
Significant Event Notice - Asgard Personal Protection Package December 2014
Significant Event Notice June 2014
Significant Event Notice June 2013


Asgard Super & Pension Annual Report June 2016

Asgard Super & Pension Annual Report June 2015
Asgard Super & Pension Annual Report June 2014
Asgard Super & Pension Annual Report June 2013

BT Funds Management Limited Financial Services Guide
Asgard Financial Services Guide

Asgard Employee Super Accounts

Product Disclosure Statement (PDS)
Additional Information Booklet Part 1 - General
Additional Information Booklet Part 2 - Investment
Additional Information Booklet Part 3 - Insurance
Additional Information Booklet Part 4 - Investment Selection



Product updates (under Brochures & forms)
Significant Event Notice February 2017 - ADA
Significant Event Notice February 2017 - MySuper account changes
Significant Event Notice - ADA - August 2016
Significant Event Notice – Changes impacting your Asgard Employee Super Account – July 2016
Significant Event Notice - Changes impacting your Asgard Employee Super Account - July 2015
Significant Event Notice - Buy-sell spread changes impacted Asgard MySuper Lifestage Managed Investment Options - May 2015
Significant Event Notice - Understanding the insurance changes to your Asgard Employee Super Account March 2015
Significant Event Notice December 2014
Significant Event Notice - Asgard Personal Protection Package December 2014
Significant Event Notice June 2014
Significant Event Notice June 2013


Asgard Super & Pension Annual Report June 2016

Asgard Super & Pension Annual Report June 2015
Asgard Super & Pension Annual Report June 2014
Asgard Super & Pension Annual Report June 2013

BT Funds Management Limited Financial Services Guide
Asgard Financial Services Guide



Panorama Super

Product Disclosure Statement (PDS)
Additional Information Brochure (AIB)
BT Panorama Financial Services Guide (FSG)


 

 
 

 
We are required by law to show a summary of significant event and material change notifications issued to members for the past two years. Please note that these events and change notices are for information purposes as they have already been communicated to affected members.
Our annual financial reports are issued in respect of each financial year. The previous financial year’s annual report will be available by mid-October 2014.















 















BT Funds Management NZ - Westpac NZ




























Skip to main content
















			
				BT Funds Management (NZ) Limited
			
		

The Westpac KiwiSaver Scheme is managed by BT Funds Management (NZ) Limited (BT) - the investment arm of Westpac in New Zealand.  







			Join or transfer now
		


		Call our KiwiSaver specialists on 0508 972 254








Over $10 billion of funds under management
BT has a specialist investment team based in New Zealand. We are one of New Zealand’s leading fund managers, with over $10 billion of funds under management as at 31 May 2017.
Our approach to long-term wealth creation
Our investment process uses a multi-manager approach and focuses on high quality, insightful research.
We believe that a disciplined approach to investing, together with broad diversification across asset classes, securities and investing styles, will help customers achieve long-term wealth creation.
We also believe that markets are somewhat inefficient and portfolios can be structured to take advantage of dislocations and opportunities. We apply this belief using an active approach to asset allocation and security selection across most asset classes.
A team of dedicated investment professionals
Specialist investment managers, who we consider to be leaders in each particular asset class, carry out much of the selection of investments. They are based locally and globally.
Our team of dedicated investment professionals has responsibilities spread across Asset Allocation (Strategic and Tactical), Manager Selection & Blending and Portfolio Implementation.
Stronger risk-adjusted investment returns
Using this multi-manager approach, we aim to deliver stronger risk adjusted returns for our customers, by including a wide variety of investment processes and strategies into our portfolios and managed funds.
Specialist funds
In order to gain exposure to certain assets or asset classes, we may invest the assets of each Fund into specialist funds. We consider a number of factors when selecting specialist funds, including the investment managers of those specialist funds. We look for investment managers who have a well-defined and robust investment philosophy and process. We regularly monitor investment performance, portfolio holdings, compliance, changes to key investment personnel and business factors amongst other matters.
Download a complete list of these Underlying Investment Managers, and Specialist Funds.
Key roles within BT Funds Management (NZ) Limited.
Responsible Investment
You can view our Responsible Investment Policy here.
 





View Terms and Conditions


BT Funds Management (NZ) Limited is the scheme provider and Westpac New Zealand Limited is the distributor, of the Westpac KiwiSaver Scheme.
The information above is subject to changes to government policy and law, and changes to the Westpac KiwiSaver Scheme from time to time.
Investments made in the Westpac KiwiSaver Scheme (Scheme) do not represent bank deposits or other liabilities of Westpac Banking Corporation ABN 33 007 457 141, Westpac New Zealand Limited or other members of the Westpac group of companies. They are subject to investment and other risks, including possible delays in payment of withdrawal amounts in some circumstances, and loss of investment value, including principal invested. None of BT Funds Management (NZ) Limited (as manager), any member of the Westpac group of companies, The New Zealand Guardian Trust Company Limited (as supervisor), or any director or nominee of any of those entities, or any other person guarantees the Scheme’s performance, returns or repayment of capital.
For a copy of the Product Disclosure Statement or more information about the Scheme, contact any Westpac branch or call 0508 972 254 or from overseas +64 9 367 3317 (international toll charges apply). You can also download the Product Disclosure Statement. 
















Westpac


				
					
						Personal
					
					
					
					
					
				
				






















Search












								Online Banking
							

								Business Online
							

								Corporate Online
							

								Mobile Online
							

								Slow connection
							



Login











							Contact us
						








							Find an ATM/Branch
						



Personal


Business


Agribusiness


Institutional


Who We Are


REDnews



















Super, Insurance, Investments, Wealth Management and Advice | BT







































Switch drawer








The following form allows you to search all of BT.




Clear search

Search query










Submit search






















Introducing SuperCheck
You can now find out in a matter of seconds how much super you have and where it is.


Find out more


















Understand your super time icon






Annual Statements are coming


Find out when you’ll receive your Annual Statement, as well as answers to some common year end questions.













Father holding child






Build your investment portfolio


BT offers a range of investment solutions for those who want to manage their own trading portfolio, or for those who would rather leave it to their financial adviser.














Grandfather teaching his grandchild to ride a bike






Achieve your goals


Whether you’re just starting, juggling multiple family commitments, or planning for a comfortable retirement, we can help you achieve your goals.













It's time to get moving with BT Super for Life
BT Super for Life will change the way you look at your super, conveniently managed online alongside your everyday banking. BT Super for Life offers a range of investment options that evolve with you across key life stages or by choosing your own investment mix.















Manage your super alongside your everyday banking




Choose how your money is invested or let us manage for you




Find out how much super you have and where it is using SuperCheck




If you choose, you can easily bring all your super together in your BT Super for Life account




No commissions, withdrawal or contribution fees









Open account
More info


















Lady on laptop getting financial advice






Support


Discover the different ways to access financial advice and understand how to make your money work harder with a range of useful tools and help articles.



Find out more












I'm 61 years old, single, working, and I still have a mortgage. Should I pay off the house or invest more into superannuation?






Ask an Adviser


Do you have a question about managing, growing, or protecting your money? Find answers to these questions from people like you, or ask your own. 



The answer to this question and more











Woman at laptop






Find an Adviser


BT’s Adviser View provides you with information and peer ratings to help you choose a BT Financial Adviser in your area that’s right for you.



Find an adviser near you














I want to...



Find an ABN, USI or SPIN reference number




Make a change to my Super investment type




Consolidate or top up my Super





Get a new employer to pay into my fund





See how my fund has performed









How do I...



Update or change my personal details




Get help with logging into BT Online




Make a withdrawal from my superannuation




Provide my Tax File Number




Locate a fund reference number 












More from BT










Not Quite Nigella






BT Panorama


Panorama is a new wealth experience. Creating efficiencies for you and your adviser, in the way your wealth is managed.



Learn more about BT Panorama and log in












A man, woman and child playing in the surf






BOOST your super before July


The amount you can contribute to superannuation will decrease from 1 July 2017. Paying extra into your superannuation now may make a big impact later in retirement.




Learn how to maximise your super prior to July 2017












Not Quite Nigella






Benefits Now – get more from your Superannuation today


Benefits Now is a program of benefits exclusive to BT super members offering a range of discounts and deals across health, fitness, travel, entertainment and much more.



Learn more about Benefits Now



















 














News on BT Funds Management Ltd.


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology















                                Organization                            


                                        BT Funds Management Ltd.                                        ▼





                                Topic                            


                                        All Topics                                        ▼








People

                                    Find news about people
                                





Alumni

                                Find news on alumni of any org
                            





Industries

                                Find news on a particular market
                            





Your Contacts

                                Find news on your contacts
                            








Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed:











By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions


















Follow




                            Change Feed
                        


BT Funds Management Ltd.











A home-spun philosophy drives Perpetual's Parkin


                                May 2, 2016                                 • 
                                Australian Financial Review                            


                                  ... passion for investing by taking him to a seminar held by BT Funds Management when he was still at school. That seminar then prompted a ...
                                







Related News Feeds






Board and Executive Moves involving BT Funds Management Ltd.







Alumni of BT Funds Management Ltd.







BT Funds Management Ltd.

























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 






Want to see the full history of news or view news on a particular date? Upgrade to RelSci Professional now!


Start My Free Trial  ➤










 Industry:




 Select a Topic:



 Keyword:



Go  ➤









 Find an Organization:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Find a Person:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Name of a School:







 Or Name of an Organization:









 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤








Thank you. You are now subscribed.Please wait for the page to refresh...










You are now subscribed to this feed.










You have unsubscribed to this feed.










Thank you. You can now subscribe to more RelSci news feeds.










 To subscribe to more than one feed, please enter a password.




 Please confirm your password



Go  ➤








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Follow News On Your Contacts

Upgrade to RelSci Pro now to easily sync your contacts and stay in the know on the news about the people important to you.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Search News On Keywords

Curate your news even further with the ability to filter feeds based on specific keywords mentioned in the articles.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now













Industries

                        Find news on a particular market
                    





People

                        Find news about people
                    





Organizations

                        Find news about organizations
                    





Alumni

                        Find news on alumni of any org
                    





Your Contacts

                        Find news on your contacts
                    












                Free Daily Alerts
            


                Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed
            




Sign Up ➤

                    By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions




                Already have an account?  Click here to login.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















BT Funds Management Ltd/Australia: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























bt funds management ltd/australia
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
BT Funds Management Limited of Australia operates as a wealth management firm. The Company offers portfolio management, financial planning, and advisory services to individuals, institutions, trusts, private funds, charitable organizations, and investment companies. BT Funds Management serves customers worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

275 Kent Street
Level 5
Sydney, NSW 2000
Australia


Phone:
61-2-8222-7164


Fax:
61-2-9274-5780


Web url:
www.bt.com.au























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































BT Funds Management (NZ) Ltd Company Profile










Home
Information

Top 100 Companies
Free Trial




BT Funds Management (NZ) Ltd Company Profile



Business profile excerpt from the Katalyst New Zealand directory containing complete profiles on 16,500 NZ businessesActivities:
Unit trust manager, investment services
Head Office Contact Details:

Company Name:
BT Funds Management (NZ) Ltd
Physical Address:
Level 10 Seasie, Westpac on Takutai Square, 16 Takutai Square, Auckland Central, Auckland 1010

View Google Map
Postal Address:
P O Box 6088, Wellesley Street, Auckland 1141
Telephone:
+64-9-367 3300
Fax:
+64-9-367 3302
Website:
http://www.btonline.co.nzBrands/Trade Names/Agencies:BT
More Information (subscription only):
Senior Management Contacts
Employee & Turnover figures
Import and Export countries
Product & Service classification

Start your free trial of Katalyst today.



© Katalyst New Zealand Business Directory





BT Funds Management (International) Ltd.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 2:52 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of BT Funds Management (International) Ltd.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
BT Funds Management (International) Ltd. is an Iowa-based investment advisor with over $17.71 billion in assets under management. The firms equity strategy includes large-cap, growth, quantitative, and growth and value. It invests globally, specifically in the United States, France, Europe, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, and Australia. BT Funds Management was established in 1969 and is based in Des Moines, Iowa. BT Funds Management (International) Ltd. operates as a subsidiary of Principal Financial Group Inc.


1900 Hub Tower699 WalnutDes Moines, IA 50309United StatesFounded in 1969



Phone: 515-247-6582

Fax: 515-248-2092

www.btfunds.com.au







Key Executives for BT Funds Management (International) Ltd.




Mr. Ian Martin


      	Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact BT Funds Management (International) Ltd., please visit www.btfunds.com.au.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























						BT Online
					

















Distribution history


This page provides latest distribution information for BT Funds.
		BT now provides full component information for wholesale and institutional fund distributions and BT Investment Solutions funds on the public website.





				Please enter a date range:
				
				From: 
				
				to: 
				


Please select a fund:BT Wholesale Funds - 1940's Lifestage Fund - ABT Wholesale Funds - 1950's Lifestage Fund - ABT Wholesale Funds - 1960's Lifestage Fund - ABT Wholesale Funds - 1970's Lifestage Fund - ABT Wholesale Funds - 1980's Lifestage Fund - ABT Wholesale Funds - 1990's Lifestage Fund - ABT Wholesale Funds - 2000's Lifestage Fund - ABT Wholesale Funds - BT ALSF Portfolio 2BT Wholesale Funds - BT ALSF Portfolio 3BT Wholesale Funds - BT Balanced Equity Income FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Concentrated Global Share FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Concentrated Global Share FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Currency FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Defensive Equity Income FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Dynamic Global Equity FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Enhanced Sustainability Australian Share FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Global Emerging Markets Opportunities Fund - InstitutionalBT Wholesale Funds - BT Global Emerging Markets Opportunities Fund - WholesaleBT Wholesale Funds - BT Global Macro FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Global Return FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Global Tactical Asset Allocation Equity FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Index Balanced FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Index Defensive FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Index Growth FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Index High Growth FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Index Moderate FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Pure Alpha Fixed Income FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Sustainable Conservative FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Active Balanced FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale American Share FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Asian Share FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Australian Long/Short FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Australian Share FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Australian Small Companies FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Balanced Returns FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Cash Plus FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Conservative Outlook FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Core Australian Share FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Core Global Share FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Core Hedged Global Share FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Enhanced Credit FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Ethical Share FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale European Share FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Fixed Interest FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Focus Australian Share FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Future Goals FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Geared Imputation FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Global Fixed Interest FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Global Property Securities FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale High Growth FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Imputation FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale International Share FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Japanese Share FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale MicroCap Opportunities FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale MidCap FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Moderate FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Monthly Income Plus FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Multi-manager Australian Share FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Multi-manager Balanced FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Multi-manager Conservative FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Multi-manager Fixed Interest FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Multi-manager Growth FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Multi-manager High Growth FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Multi-manager International Share FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Partner Australian Shares Core 1BT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Partner Australian Shares Growth 1BT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Partner Australian Shares Value 1BT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Partner International Shares Core 1BT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Partner International Shares Growth 1BT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Partner International Shares Value 1BT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Property Investment FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Property Securities FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Regular Income FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Smaller Companies FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Split Growth FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Tax Effective Income FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Technology FundBT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Value Global Share FundBT Institutional Funds - BT Diversified Strategy Fund 1BT Institutional Funds - BT Diversified Strategy Fund 2BT Institutional Funds - BT Global Credit FundBT Institutional Funds - BT Global Property Value FundBT Institutional Funds - BT Government Bond FundBT Institutional Funds - BT High Alpha Fixed Income FundBT Institutional Funds - BT Institutional Conservative Growth Tax Exempt FundBT Institutional Funds - BT Institutional Diversified Strategies FundBT Institutional Funds - BT Institutional Diversified Strategies Fund (GBP)BT Institutional Funds - BT Institutional Diversified Strategies Fund (USD)BT Institutional Funds - BT Institutional Enhanced Australian Shares FundBT Institutional Funds - BT Institutional Enhanced Fixed Interest FundBT Institutional Funds - BT Institutional Enhanced Global Fixed Interest FundBT Institutional Funds - BT Institutional Enhanced Property Securities FundBT Institutional Funds - BT Institutional Global Share FundBT Institutional Funds - BT Institutional Money Market FundBT Institutional Funds - BT Institutional Stable Cash Plus FundBT Institutional Funds - BT Long Term Income FundBT Institutional Funds - BT Risk Parity FundBT Institutional Funds - BT Short Term Income FundBT Institutional Funds - BT Sustainable Australian Fixed Interest FundBT Institutional Funds - BT Sustainable Balanced FundBT Institutional Funds - BT Sustainable International Fixed Interest FundBT Institutional Funds - BT Sustainable International Share FundBT Institutional Funds - BT Total Return FundBT Institutional Funds - BT Wholesale Australian Sustainable Share FundBT Institutional Funds - BT Wholesale Enhanced Cash FundBT Institutional Funds - BT Wholesale Managed Cash Fund




Print PDFDownload




BT Wholesale Funds - BT Wholesale Partner International Shares Growth 1 (BTA0244AU)





Distribution dateDistribution amount (cpu)Reinvestment unit price ($)




30/9/20160.00000.7971


28/9/20161.20950.7972








Please note: BT Institutional Managed Cash Fund (WFS0245AU) and BT Institutional Money Market Fund (BTA0119AU) are dollar stable funds and as such the CPU is not accurate. Please refer to the effective interest rate on the performance page for more information on this Fund.
BT now provides full component information for wholesale and institutional fund distributions and BT Investment Solutions funds on the public website.
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance.
BT Funds Management Limited (ABN 63 002 916 458), BT Funds Management No. 2 Limited  (ABN 22 000 727 659), BT Investment Management (Fund Services) Limited (ABN 13 161 249 332) and Westpac Financial Services Limited (ABN 20 000 241 127) currently offer products named on this website. The offers are contained in the relevant prospectus, product disclosure statement (PDS) or other disclosure document.
To invest, complete the application form attached to or accompanying the relevant disclosure document, a copy of which can be obtained by phoning 132 135. Investors should consider the disclosure document in deciding whether to acquire or continue to hold the product.
This information is subject to the Terms and Conditions.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
General advice and general education information on this website has been prepared without taking into account your objectives, financial situation or needs. Before acting on the advice, consider its appropriateness. Consider our disclosure documents, which include the Product Disclosure Statement (PDS) for each product. The PDS is relevant when deciding whether to acquire or hold a product. View our Australian Prudential Regulation Authority Registrable Superannuation Entity (RSE) Licence & Registration numbers. View our Reference numbers - SPINs, USIs and ABNs. By accessing this website you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this website.









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














bt funds management ltd - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










U.S. Trust® - Official Site - Wealth Structuring



Ad
 ·
www.ustrust.com/​Wealth/​Management



Let Our Advisors Help Structure & Preserve Your Wealth.





Articles By U.S. Trust



Wealth Structuring



Investment Management




Finance & Liquidity



Have Us Contact You



Capital Acumen Magazine





Cooper & Bender PC - Ltd | cooperandbenderpc.clickforward.com



Ad
 ·
cooperandbenderpc.clickforward.com



No Fee Assessment Unless We Help You Win. 30 Years Exp. Call Today!





Meet Your Attorneys



Contact Us Today




Worker's Comp





Excite Web Search - Search & Find Quick Results



Ad
 ·
search.excite.com/​web+results



Search for What You Are Looking For. Find Quick Results Now.




Need a Financial Planner? - Compare Fees Advice & Ratings



Ad
 ·
findanadvisor.retirementplanning.net/​find-a-cfp



We Help You Find Financial Planners In Your Area Matching Your Needs. Know More!




Searches related tobt funds management ltd



bt funds management


bt investment management



bt management llc




Web Results

BT Funds Management NZ - Westpac NZ

https://www.westpac.co.nz/.../our-funds/bt-funds-management


The Westpac KiwiSaver Scheme is managed by BT Funds Management (NZ) Limited (BT) - the investment arm of Westpac in New Zealand.


BT - Official Site

https://www.bt.com.au


Prepare for your best financial future – activate your BT super account, check your super status, cover insurance needs or start investing.



Super



Investment



Prices and Performance



Financial Advice



Your Goals



BT Funds Management - investment experts - BT Online

https://www.btonline.co.nz


funds management - BT Funds Management New Zealand - manages unit trusts and superannuation plans to help New Zealanders reach their investment and retirement ...


Additional disclosure - BT Funds Management Limited

https://www.bt.com.au/.../bt-funds-management-limited.html


Regulatory reporting of trustee entity BT Funds Management Limited, including executive remuneration and group policy.


BT Funds Management Limited: Private Company Information ...

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?...


BT Funds Management Limited company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


BT Investment Management

https://btim.com.au


BT Corporate Account Login. Wholesale and institutional investors invested in BTIM managed funds can view their accounts online via a secure log-in section.


BT Funds Management (International) Ltd.: Private Company ...

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?...


BT Funds Management (International) Ltd. company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


BT FUNDS MANAGEMENT LTD Top Holdings - whalewisdom.com

https://whalewisdom.com/filer/bt-funds-management-ltd


Detailed Profile of BT FUNDS MANAGEMENT LTD portfolio of holdings. SEC Filings include 13F quarterly reports, 13D/G events and more.


Trust”) by BT Funds Management (NZ) Limited (“BT”).

https://www.westpac.co.nz/assets/Personal/Investment-and-KiwiSaver/...


Premium Investment Funds Investment Managers – curr ent as at 25 July 2016 The Premium Investment Funds are funds offered within the BT Private Selection unit trust ...


BT Investor Wrap - online.btfunds.com.au

https://online.btfunds.com.au/btweb/investor


BT Portfolio Services Ltd ABN 73 095 055 208 (BTPS) operates Wrap including Wrap Essentials (Wrap) ... BT Funds Management Limited (ABN 63 002 916 458, ...










U.S. Trust® - Official Site - Wealth Structuring



Ad
 ·
www.ustrust.com/​Wealth/​Management



Let Our Advisors Help Structure & Preserve Your Wealth.





Articles By U.S. Trust



Wealth Structuring



Investment Management




Finance & Liquidity



Have Us Contact You



Capital Acumen Magazine





Cooper & Bender PC - Ltd | cooperandbenderpc.clickforward.com



Ad
 ·
cooperandbenderpc.clickforward.com



No Fee Assessment Unless We Help You Win. 30 Years Exp. Call Today!





Meet Your Attorneys



Contact Us Today




Worker's Comp





Excite Web Search - Search & Find Quick Results



Ad
 ·
search.excite.com/​web+results



Search for What You Are Looking For. Find Quick Results Now.




Need a Financial Planner? - Compare Fees Advice & Ratings



Ad
 ·
findanadvisor.retirementplanning.net/​find-a-cfp



We Help You Find Financial Planners In Your Area Matching Your Needs. Know More!



Searches related tobt funds management ltd



bt funds management


bt investment management



bt management llc




12345Next






Answers







BT Financial Group



investments, life insurance, superannuation and discount brokering products. BT also offers custody and settlement services to institutional customers...

more






Huljich Wealth Management (NZ) Ltd



Huljich Wealth Management (NZ) Ltd was a New Zealand funds management company associated with Peter Huljich and the politicians Don Brash and John...

more






Pembroke Management



Pembroke Management Ltd. is a privately held Canadian investment management firm that manages investment portfolios and separately managed accounts for...

more










bt funds management ltd News






Manage Bt Resistance Now



Dairy Herd Management Front Page

 - Jul 22


Stop pests before they nibble at your bottom line Corn rootworm, corn earworm and corn borers all want a bite of the golden crop for which they’re named, and you’ll pay the price if they’re...

more





Manage Bt Resistance Now



Drovers Front Page

 - Jul 22


Stop pests before they nibble at your bottom line Corn rootworm, corn earworm and corn borers all want a bite of the golden crop for which they’re named, and you’ll pay the price if they’re...

more





LOGiQ Asset Management Ltd. Declares Distributions



http://www.marketwire.com/rss/bre...

 - Jul 20


TORONTO, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - July 20, 2017) - LOGiQ Asset Management Ltd. (formerly "Aston Hill Asset Management Inc.") (TSX:LGQ) (the "Manager") announces monthly distributions with record...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network











U.S. Trust - Wealth Structuring




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Wealth Structuring
Preservation and Transfer
Your wealth plan is designed to provide you and your family with thoughtful and innovative solutions customized to the financial and personal complexities of your life.  We bring you knowledge, experience and expertise across the broad range of wealth structuring disciplines.






Wealth Planning
Integrating your personal and financial affairs
By thinking holistically about all aspects of your wealth, we develop customized strategies to help pursue your unique goals. Wealth structuring can help you address issues including:

The cash flow required to help meet your lifestyle
The investments needed to help meet long-range objectives 
The most effective way to pursue estate planning goals 
The tax implications of the many aspects of managing and transferring your wealth

Trusts and Estates
Shaping your legacy and transferring your wealth
For more than two centuries, U.S. Trust has been helping many of America's wealthiest families build estate plans and implement wealth transfer strategies. Your team can work with you to build a sound estate plan that may help you:

Control the transfer of wealth to those you care about
Fulfill important philanthropic commitments
Reduce estate taxes
Maintain your privacy
Protect assets from creditors and other third parties

We can help you and your attorney establish trusts to provide financial security for your spouse or partner, pass assets to future generations and charities and reduce estate taxes, as well as provide for financial and investment management during your lifetime. We bring our extensive knowledge and experience to bear in helping clients manage their trusts whether we are serving as agent for trustee or corporate trustee.
Philanthropy
Making your charitable giving more fulfilling and effective
We offer you personal support and an array of tools to help you and your family assess your charitable goals, values and interests. Your philanthropic specialist can then help you understand a range of important considerations, including how to:

Implement your plan
Identify the best-qualified grant recipients
Monitor the impact of your efforts

We can help you design and implement a philanthropic strategy that helps you fulfill your values-based commitments in a way that is consistent with your lifestyle.
Learn more about Philanthropy at U.S. Trust
Custody Services
Benefiting from the experience of dedicated custody specialists
U.S. Trust is the custodian of choice for many sophisticated investors with extensive and complex holdings. Whether you manage your own portfolio or work with multiple brokers and investment managers, we can structure a personalized custody program that simplifies portfolio and trade monitoring and helps meet your specific safekeeping, service and information needs.

Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax or estate planning strategy.
Bank of America, N.A. and the U.S. Trust Company of Delaware (collectively the "Bank") do not serve in a fiduciary capacity with respect to all products or services. Fiduciary standards or fiduciary duties do not apply, for example, when the Bank is offering or providing credit solutions, banking, custody or brokerage products/services or referrals to other affiliates of the Bank.
AR-AR7F755H-EXP-2018.05.09






Videos:
 
The Role of a Fiduciary

 
Wealth Planning

 
Agent For Fiduciary

 
Eldercare Planning Services

 
Financial Empowerment

 
Private Philanthropy Services

View More Videos 





You Might Also Be Interested In:

Investment Management
Credit & Banking
Tax Planning
Family Wealth Services
THE FAMILY OFFICE DECISION
Philanthropy
Comprehensive Services For Auto Dealership Owners




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






AC260ED1 (JCF*******801)




   







U.S. Trust - Our Latest Thinking




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login

























Our Latest Thinking











Identifying the main drivers of long-term change is key to investment success in the 21st century. We believe we are at the beginning of a secular growth phase for the U.S. economy driven largely by the rebalancing of global growth from the developed to the developing world. We focus on the long-term drivers, the macro forces and investment themes at play across industries that are taking us into the next growth cycle.
Learn More






2017 Mid-Year ISO: The Tortoise and the Hare Cycle

Learn More









2017 U.S. Trust Insights on Wealth and Worth®
Our Survey results reveal common success traits that create a picture of modern day wealth in America.
Learn More









Reaping What We Compute
The Future of Technology in Agriculture
Learn More






Making It Your Mission
What values drive and inform your giving?
Learn More






Estate Administration in the Digital Era
Modern technology and antiquated statutes can present estate administrators with unexpected challenges.
Learn More






Highlights from the 2016 U.S. Trust® Study of HNW Philanthropy
Our study reveals a passion for philanthropy but also uncertainty about the impact.
Watch The Video






Capital Acumen Issue 32
 The art market is attracting new buyers and changing attitudes toward art as part of an overall financial portfolio.
Learn More






Art in a New World
The art market is attracting new buyers and changing attitudes toward art as a part of an overall financial portfolio.
Learn More






The Growing Adoption of Wind Power
 The wind power industry is expected to deliver rapid job growth over the next decade.
Learn More






THE OWNER'S EMOTIONAL JOURNEY
 Lessons Learned Before, During and After the Sale of a Business 
Learn More






2017 Viewpoint: Shifting winds
Navigating Uncertainty with Specialty Assets
Learn More






Market Insights You Can Act On
Having the ability to have a pulse on what's going on around the world is absolutely critical.
Watch The Video









Alternative Energy: Powering a Brighter Future
Conventional sources are expected to continue to dominate the energy mix as the world moves toward a low-carbon economy
Learn More






Technology Is Disrupting Everything—Even Sneakers
CIO Chris Hyzy looks at game-changing innovation across industries and the often unexpected investment opportunities it's creating
Watch The Video






Sci-Fi M.D.: Moore's Law Meets the Hippocratic Oath
With technology generating futuristic advances, look for investment opportunities within healthcare — and beyond
Learn More






The Ripple Effect of Brexit
The repercussions of the UK's vote point to an uncertain future across the Eurozone and elsewhere.
Learn More






New Administration, New Realities for Investors
Optimism about the impact of President Trump's potentially pro-growth policies accelerates tectonic shifts in the markets.
Learn More






Five Investment Themes for 2017
Global equity markets are ending the year on a high note with solid gains for the fourth quarter so far in the U.S., Europe and Japan.
Learn More






PRESIDENT TRUMP: WHAT HIS TAX PROPOSALS COULD MEAN FOR YOU
Mitch Drossman discusses what tax-planning steps individuals and corporations should consider.
Watch The Video






The 2016 U.S. Trust® Study of High Net Worth Philanthropy 
Who's Giving to Which Causes and Why
Read More






Don't Fight the Fed
Despite unfavorable predictions from many economists, a stable dollar and the Federal Reserve's cautious stance seem to have staved off a global recession.
Read More






Investing in Iran: Roses or Thorns?
 In a nation newly open to foreign commerce, we find an abundance of investment opportunities — and caveats
Read More






In Conversation With Jane McGonigal
Shall we play a game? The author and video game designer talks time, gaming and the future.
Read More






IMPACT INVESTING: PEOPLE, THE PLANET AND PROFIT
As Impact Investing Comes Of Age, Investors Can Finally Seek a Better World and Return on Investment.
Learn More






Can China's Economy Bounce Back
DeAnne Steele on the depreciation of the yuan, the changing focus of the Chinese economy, and what it all means for investors.
Read More







Business Owners: You, Your Family, and Your Business
Working with a global financial services company helps enable you to address — and simplify — both your business and personal financial lives.

Learn More  







 KEEPING PENSION FUNDING GOALS IN SIGHT
This white paper investigates the use of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) in pension funding strategies.
Learn More 






Investing for Maximum Impact
Today's investors are using their portfolios to change the world-without losing return potential
Learn More




 



Addressing Memory and Your Family
There is no cure for cognitive decline, but we have a partial solution: being prepared for the unexpected.
Watch The Video






Rebuilding America: The Road Ahead
U.S. roads and highways, bridges and power grids, and other critical infrastructure have fallen into dangerous disrepair.
Learn More






Timberland as a Sustainable Investment
Timberland offers an opportunity to pursue both—an environmentally sensitive investment platform and financial advantages.
Learn More







Jackie VanderBrug, an investment strategist at U.S. Trust, highlights why women are growing into an economic superpower
Learn More







Women and Climate Change
Jackie VanderBrug, an investment strategist at U.S. Trust, describes how women may be especially vulnerable to the effects of climate change
Learn More






Direct Real Estate Investing
Commercial real estate offers the potential for attractive yields, capital appreciation and valuable tax benefits.
Learn More






A fixed income investment approach designed to optimize after-tax yield and after-tax total return
Learn More






Experiences shared and lessons learned from entrepreneurs who successfully sold or transferred their businesses to family members.
Learn More









Intelligent Outsourcing
This white paper examines when the outsourced chief investment officer (OCIO) arrangement may be appropriate for an organization.
Learn More






The Power of Positive Teaching
Educating children about the responsibilities of wealth can help keep them wealth-smart.
Learn More





Mitch Drossman, U.S. Trust's national director of wealth planning strategies, discusses the midterm election results, their possible legislative impact, and the implications from a tax-planning perspective.
Watch The Video












Specialty Asset Management
Our Specialty Asset Management team can work with your portfolio manager and wealth strategist to integrate these real assets into your overall plan and portfolio.
Learn More






Transitioning America's Farmland
It's clear that over the next decade or so, much of America's farmland — now held or farmed by an aging generation — will need to be transitioned.
Learn More






From Best Practices to Next Practices
In search of long-term and sustained philanthropic impact.
Learn More






Making Specialty Asset Gifts Work for Your Organization
Without the proper planning, accepting gifts of real assets today can lead to unexpected and potentially costly consequences. Are you prepared?
Learn More






Women and Girls Equality Strategy
By applying a gender lens, investors can align their portfolios with the goal of supporting gender equality while seeking a market rate of return.
Learn More






The more successful and established entrepreneurs become, the more likely they are to want a more formal mechanism for giving.
Learn More






Family Wealth Services
Our comprehensive, values-based approach to meeting the wealth management needs of our clients and their families.
Learn More






The ElderCare Planning Program
We are committed to addressing the wealth management needs of our clients and their aging families.
Learn More






Personalized Banking and Credit
Your banking and credit needs deserve the same level of expertise as your investments.
Learn More






Customized Aviation Financing
Developing a financing strategy for your aircraft.
Learn More






Financial Empowerment
Prepare your children for the important financial opportunities that lie ahead.
Learn More






Financing a special and unique asset.
Learn More



 






 







Filter By:





Capabilities


Show All
Investment Management
Wealth Structuring and Planning
Credit & Banking




Topics


Show All

Tax Planning
Trusts and Estates
Non-Financial Assets
Philanthropy










Back to Top




AR-ARTPRMPV-EXP-2018.02.7























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






AC260ED1 (JCF*******801)



   







U.S. Trust - Credit and Banking




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Credit and Banking
Financing and Liquidity Solutions
With our wide array of credit and banking capabilities, we can build a custom credit solution that works for you.






Custom credit
Sophisticated solutions for your credit needs1
Your financial strength allows you to use credit strategically to create and benefit from unique financial opportunities. We can provide financing solutions to help meet immediate short and long-term needs plus specialty financing options when your borrowing need is to acquire assets, including:

Yachts
Aircraft
Fine art
Investor commercial real estate
Hedge funds
Concentrated or restricted stock positions
Recreational real estate


Customized credit solutions can also play a crucial role in implementing your trust and wealth transfer strategies.
Private Client Line2
A flexible line of credit, secured by your investment management accounts at U.S. Trust. The Private Client Line is designed to help you meet liquidity needs and enhance your cash flow without depleting cash reserves or compromising your investment strategy.

Private Client Line 

Liquidity services
Simplified banking and enhanced convenience
A key component of your overall financial strategy should include cash management. At U.S. Trust, we offer traditional banking solutions and services designed to help you:

Manage traditional everyday liquidity
Maximize access and convenience to your funds
Generate competitive returns on your deposit balances

Your client team will develop a tailored financial strategy to help meet your short-term liquidity needs as well as your longer-term personal and financial goals.
Real estate finance
A strategic approach to structuring transactions
The right mortgage can not only meet your residential real estate needs, but can be a cornerstone of managing your wealth. You will be advised by a team of specialists who understand substantial real estate transactions and the importance of personalized loan structures. From traditional or customized mortgages to home equity lines of credit, we will work to find the right solution to help meet your needs.
Financial management tools
Sophisticated and secure account management services
Monitor and manage your U.S. Trust accounts at any time using our sophisticated and secure online and mobile3 banking capabilities. You can also view your accounts at other financial institutions4 and transfer funds from them into your U.S. Trust accounts.
If you own a small business, simplify your business banking and management through our powerful account management service. In addition to these everyday banking services, U.S. Trust offers special resources to families with particularly complex wealth needs and ownership structures.

1 Bank of America, N.A. and its affiliates do not serve in a fiduciary capacity when offering or providing any type of credit solution.
2 The Private Client Line is offered by U.S. Trust and not by or through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated. Credit is subject to approval. Normal credit standards apply.
3 You must first enroll in Online Banking and set up Transfers and Bill Pay. Wireless carrier fees may apply.
4 To view accounts from another financial institution, you must have online access set up with that institution.
Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax or estate planning strategy.
Banking & Mortgage products are provided by Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC.
AR-ARJKLDHJ-EXP-2017.12.14






Videos:


Art as a Source of Liquidity



Leveraging Your Art Collection








You Might Also Be Interested In:

Investment Management
Wealth Structuring
Family Wealth Services
Specialty Asset Management
Philanthropy



Read Some of Our Latest Thinking

Personalized Banking and Credit
Aviation Financing
Customized Marine Financing
Fine Art Lending




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






AC260ED1 (JCF*******801)




   







U.S. Trust - Wealth Structuring




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Wealth Structuring
Preservation and Transfer
Your wealth plan is designed to provide you and your family with thoughtful and innovative solutions customized to the financial and personal complexities of your life.  We bring you knowledge, experience and expertise across the broad range of wealth structuring disciplines.






Wealth Planning
Integrating your personal and financial affairs
By thinking holistically about all aspects of your wealth, we develop customized strategies to help pursue your unique goals. Wealth structuring can help you address issues including:

The cash flow required to help meet your lifestyle
The investments needed to help meet long-range objectives 
The most effective way to pursue estate planning goals 
The tax implications of the many aspects of managing and transferring your wealth

Trusts and Estates
Shaping your legacy and transferring your wealth
For more than two centuries, U.S. Trust has been helping many of America's wealthiest families build estate plans and implement wealth transfer strategies. Your team can work with you to build a sound estate plan that may help you:

Control the transfer of wealth to those you care about
Fulfill important philanthropic commitments
Reduce estate taxes
Maintain your privacy
Protect assets from creditors and other third parties

We can help you and your attorney establish trusts to provide financial security for your spouse or partner, pass assets to future generations and charities and reduce estate taxes, as well as provide for financial and investment management during your lifetime. We bring our extensive knowledge and experience to bear in helping clients manage their trusts whether we are serving as agent for trustee or corporate trustee.
Philanthropy
Making your charitable giving more fulfilling and effective
We offer you personal support and an array of tools to help you and your family assess your charitable goals, values and interests. Your philanthropic specialist can then help you understand a range of important considerations, including how to:

Implement your plan
Identify the best-qualified grant recipients
Monitor the impact of your efforts

We can help you design and implement a philanthropic strategy that helps you fulfill your values-based commitments in a way that is consistent with your lifestyle.
Learn more about Philanthropy at U.S. Trust
Custody Services
Benefiting from the experience of dedicated custody specialists
U.S. Trust is the custodian of choice for many sophisticated investors with extensive and complex holdings. Whether you manage your own portfolio or work with multiple brokers and investment managers, we can structure a personalized custody program that simplifies portfolio and trade monitoring and helps meet your specific safekeeping, service and information needs.

Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax or estate planning strategy.
Bank of America, N.A. and the U.S. Trust Company of Delaware (collectively the "Bank") do not serve in a fiduciary capacity with respect to all products or services. Fiduciary standards or fiduciary duties do not apply, for example, when the Bank is offering or providing credit solutions, banking, custody or brokerage products/services or referrals to other affiliates of the Bank.
AR-AR7F755H-EXP-2018.05.09






Videos:
 
The Role of a Fiduciary

 
Wealth Planning

 
Agent For Fiduciary

 
Eldercare Planning Services

 
Financial Empowerment

 
Private Philanthropy Services

View More Videos 





You Might Also Be Interested In:

Investment Management
Credit & Banking
Tax Planning
Family Wealth Services
THE FAMILY OFFICE DECISION
Philanthropy
Comprehensive Services For Auto Dealership Owners




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






AC260ED1 (JCF*******801)




   












Opal Group - Organizer of conferences across various industries.















































 















Home
Conferences

All Divisions
Finance
Facilities
Life Sciences


Request Information

Request Information
Sponsorship
Mailing List
Partnership


Suggest a Speaker
About Us
Contact Us

Register













































Opal Group is a global conference organizer catering to top executives and decision makers throughout various industries.




We believe an important part of our role is that of a “relationship broker.”
Opal Group ensures that each conference provides ample opportunity for our delegates to create meaningful relationships with like-minded professionals. 







Upcoming Conferences







Life Sciences








Life Sciences

Upcoming Events

The Opal Life Sciences division coordinates leading life sciences, pharmaceutical, and healthcare, conferences. These events are designed for executives from Hospitals, IPAs, Physician Groups, Health Insurance, Pharmaceutical, Biotech, Medical Device, and Drug Delivery firms.






Chief Nursing Officer Summit 2017

September 18, 2017 - September 19, 2017
Twelve Atlantic Station, Atlanta, GA




September 18, 2017 - September 19, 2017
Twelve Atlantic Station, Atlanta, GA




Chief Nursing Officer Summit 2017


Register now
Event details






Healthcare Chief Medical Officer Summit 2017

October 16, 2017 - October 17, 2017
The Highland Dallas, Dallas, TX




October 16, 2017 - October 17, 2017
The Highland Dallas, Dallas, TX




Healthcare Chief Medical Officer Summit 2017
Where Healthcare Provider & Payer CMOs Converge for Collaborative Innovation

Register now
Event details










Finance








Finance

Upcoming Events

The Opal Finance division produces leading institutional investment conferences globally. These events are designed for High-Net-Worth Individuals and executives in Corporate Pension Funds, Endowments, Public Funds, Family Offices, Foundations, Taft-Hartley Funds, Financial Planning Firms, 401 (k) Plans, Investment Consultancies, Hedge Funds, Investment Banks, Brokerage Firms, Law Firms and Accounting Firms.






Financial Innovation and Payments Summit 2017

July 30, 2017 - August 1, 2017
Newport Marriott, Newport, RI




July 30, 2017 - August 1, 2017
Newport Marriott, Newport, RI




Financial Innovation and Payments Summit 2017


Register now
Event details






Women’s Investment Management Leadership Summit 2017

September 14, 2017
Crowne Plaza Hotel, Times Square, New York, NY




September 14, 2017
Crowne Plaza Hotel, Times Square, New York, NY




Women’s Investment Management Leadership Summit 2017


Register now
Event details






Emerging Managers Summit 2017

September 14, 2017 - September 15, 2017
Crowne Plaza Hotel, Times Square, New York, NY




September 14, 2017 - September 15, 2017
Crowne Plaza Hotel, Times Square, New York, NY




Emerging Managers Summit 2017


Register now
Event details






Family Office & Private Wealth Management Forum West 2017

October 25, 2017 - October 27, 2017
Napa Valley Marriott, Napa, CA




October 25, 2017 - October 27, 2017
Napa Valley Marriott, Napa, CA




Family Office & Private Wealth Management Forum West 2017
"Harvesting the Returns"  A Private Wealth Series Event

Register now
Event details






European CLO Summit 2017

November 2, 2017
etc.venues County Hall, London




November 2, 2017
etc.venues County Hall, London




European CLO Summit 2017


Register now
Event details










Facilities








Facilities

Upcoming Events

Opal Group's Facilities Division produces invitation-only strategy meetings for senior administrators to collaborate and share best practices in smaller, more focused sessions, unlike a typical conference or trade show model. Areas of programming include Architecture, Interior Design, K-12 Facilities, Collegiate Athletics Facilities, K-12 Technology and K-12 Curriculum.






Opal Group SpArc Canada 2017

September 24, 2017 - September 26, 2017
Hilton Toronto/Markham Suites, Toronto, Ontario




September 24, 2017 - September 26, 2017
Hilton Toronto/Markham Suites, Toronto, Ontario




Opal Group SpArc Canada 2017


Register now
Event details






Labs and Research Facilities Summit 2017

December 3, 2017 - December 5, 2017
Omni La Mansión del Rio, San Antonio, TX




December 3, 2017 - December 5, 2017
Omni La Mansión del Rio, San Antonio, TX




Labs and Research Facilities Summit 2017


Register now
Event details






Healthcare Facilities Design Summit 2017

December 3, 2017 - December 5, 2017
Omni La Mansión del Rio, San Antonio, TX




December 3, 2017 - December 5, 2017
Omni La Mansión del Rio, San Antonio, TX




Healthcare Facilities Design Summit 2017


Register now
Event details






Opal Group SpArc 2018

March 4, 2018 - March 6, 2018
Hilton Fort Worth, Fort Worth, TX




March 4, 2018 - March 6, 2018
Hilton Fort Worth, Fort Worth, TX




Opal Group SpArc 2018


Register now
Event details






Opal Group SpArc Interiors 2018

March 4, 2018 - March 6, 2018
Hilton Fort Worth, Fort Worth, TX




March 4, 2018 - March 6, 2018
Hilton Fort Worth, Fort Worth, TX




Opal Group SpArc Interiors 2018


Register now
Event details












Contact Us
Required Fields. (Use only digits for phone numbers. ie. 2125329898.)





Address
10 East 38th Street, 4th Floor New York, NY 10016


Email us
feedback@opalgroup.net


Phone
(212) 532-9898


Fax
(212) 532-7151






























Please leave this field empty (spam defense) 



Message


Send 


 






Your message has been sent successfully, thanks!




















Page not found - Opal Group





































 















Home
Conferences

All Divisions
Finance
Facilities
Life Sciences


Request Information

Request Information
Sponsorship
Mailing List
Partnership


Suggest a Speaker
About Us
Contact Us

Register










































404



The requested page cannot be found
Start from Our Homepage 	or Use a Search









Your message has been sent successfully, thanks!



















Page not found - Opal Group





































 















Home
Conferences

All Divisions
Finance
Facilities
Life Sciences


Request Information

Request Information
Sponsorship
Mailing List
Partnership


Suggest a Speaker
About Us
Contact Us

Register










































404



The requested page cannot be found
Start from Our Homepage 	or Use a Search









Your message has been sent successfully, thanks!



















Page not found - Opal Group





































 















Home
Conferences

All Divisions
Finance
Facilities
Life Sciences


Request Information

Request Information
Sponsorship
Mailing List
Partnership


Suggest a Speaker
About Us
Contact Us

Register










































404



The requested page cannot be found
Start from Our Homepage 	or Use a Search









Your message has been sent successfully, thanks!











