



Eric P. Buatois: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 4:36 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Benhamou Global Ventures LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Eric P. Buatois  General Partner, Benhamou Global Ventures LLCAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 5 Board Members in 5 different organizations across 12 different industries.See Board Relationships58--
Background

		Mr. Eric P. Buatois serves as a General Partner of Benhamou Global Ventures LLC. Mr. Buatois serves as an Advisor at Pulsar-Venture, LLC. Mr. Buatois has worked for more than 10 years as a Managing Director of Sofinnova Ventures. Mr. Benhamou served as the first 3Com CEO to formalize a corporate investment strategy and started 3Com Ventures. Mr. Buatois joined Sofinnova Ventures in 2001 as General Partner to drive global technology investments and focuses on the telecommunication, ... wireless ecosystems, software and semiconductor investments in the wireless area and has 12 years of active venture capital experience at Sofinnova Ventures. He served as Strategic Advisor at Benhamou Global Ventures LLC. Mr. Buatois served at Hewlett-Packard for 14 years, where he had business management, profit and loss and global strategic responsibilities through leadership roles based in Europe and the United States. He served as the General Manager of Software Strategy and Marketing at Hewlett-Packard Company and also served as the Vice President and General Manager of TMOS Products at Ericsson Hewlett-Packard Telecommunications AB, Engineer and European Product Manager for Digital Signal Processors at Texas Instruments Inc. and Product Marketing Manager at Hewlett Packard Co. France. Mr. Buatois led the entry of Hewlett-Packard in the middleware software business, including the recent Bluestone Software acquisition. Mr. Buatois joined H.P's French operations in 1987 to lead product strategy for the company's Telecom Systems Business Unit. Mr. Buatois served as Vice President and Chief Operating Officer at a joint venture between Ericsson and HP and specialized in management systems (OSS) and billing systems for service providers. He negotiated, created and managed it. He built a software business of several hundred million dollars in the management of telecom and networking infrastructures on a global basis. Mr. Buatois also served as the General Manager at Hewlett-Packard’s Communications Business Unit including products such as Opencall, Openview and Ericsson’s operational support systems for telecom networks. He established strategic alliances with Ericsson, Nokia, Alcatel, Nortel Networks, Siemens, NEC and Fujitsu. Mr. Buatois began his career with Texas Instruments in 1983, rising to a European Product Manager for the Digital Signal Processor line. He serves as Director of Crestatech, HelloSoft, Inc., NGD Systems, Inc., IntelliVision Corp., Profitect Inc., and Renaissance Wireless Corporation. Mr. Buatois is an active Board Member of the International School of the Peninsula. He is a Board Member of the International School of the Peninsula. Mr. Buatois serves as a board Member of Crocus Technology International Corp. He serves as a Director of Profitect Inc., Laszlo Systems, Inc., NGD Systems, Inc. and IntelliVision Corp. Mr. Buatois is a Board Member of AMBAR (American Business Association of Russian speaking professionals). He serves on the Boards of several companies in the United States and in Europe. He served as Chairman of Crocus Technology SA until January 2010. He served as the Chairman of the Board of Laszlo. Mr. Buatois served as the Chairman of UPEK, Inc. from July 2004 to July 2008 and its Director since January 2004. He has extensive experience as a private company Director, having served three times as Chairman of the Board and participated in four corporate spinouts. Mr. Buatois served as a Director of Catalyst Mobile K.K., Network Physics, Inc. and EHPT. He served as a Non Executive Director at VoluBill S.A. He served as a Director at Cortina Systems Inc. Mr. Buatois served as a Director of Salira Systems Inc. He is a frequent speaker at industry conferences and was recognized as the Emerging Leader of the Year by the VC Roundtable. Mr. Buatois has earned more than 20 years of international experience in the communications and wireless industry. He is a software and hardware veteran with extensive global executive management expertise in high growth environments and technology innovation both within start-up and large multibillion-dollar global corporations. With more than 20 years of proven success in building and motivating international teams, developing and launching new product on a global scale, coaching entrepreneurs, building management team Mr. Buatois created substantial shareholder and financial value. He is focused on building and delivering customer value through disciplined strategic and operational approaches coupled with strong international and multicultural skill set. Mr. Buatois received an M.S. in Computer Science and Communications Engineering from Ecole Nationale Superieure des Telecommunications in France in 1982 and graduated from INSEAD Advanced Management Program in 1991.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
540 Cowper StreetPalo Alto, California 94301United StatesPhone: 650-324-3680Fax: 650-473-1347
Board Members Memberships
DirectorHelloSoft, Inc.DirectorCrocus Technology International Corp.Member of the Board of DirectorsProfitect Inc.Member of the Board of DirectorsIntelliVision Corp.Member of the Board of DirectorsNGD Systems, Inc.
Education
Unknown/Other Education 1991INSEADMS 1982Ecole Nationale Superieure des Telecommunications de Paris
Other Affiliations
INSEADHP Inc.Texas Instruments IncorporatedSofinnova Ventures, Inc.Network Physics, Inc.Salira Systems, Inc.VoluBill S.A.Laszlo Systems, Inc.Ericsson Hewlett-Packard Telecommunications ABCortina Systems, Inc.Sofinnova Venture Partners VI, L.P.HelloSoft, Inc.Ecole Nationale Superieure des Telecommunications de ParisUPEK, Inc.Crocus Technology International Corp.Sofinnova Venture Partners VII, L.P.Catalyst Mobile K.K.Profitect Inc.Pulsar-Venture, LLCBGV II LPIntelliVision Corp.NGD Systems, Inc.BGV III, L.P.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Benhamou Global Ventures LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 


Eric Buatois | Silicon Valley Innovation Center

















































 





 










Info: +1 (650) 274-0214,  info@svicenter.com




 


















Search for:
























Menu
 












 

							Eric Buatois						









Eric BuatoisManaging Director at Sofinnova Ventures


 
Eric is a software and hardware veteran with extensive global executive management expertise in high growth environments and technology innovation both within startup and large multibillion-dollar global corporations (Texas Instruments, Hewlett-Packard, Ericsson)). With 20+ years of proven success in building and motivating international teams, developing and launching new product on a global scale, coaching entrepreneurs, building management team he has created substantial shareholder and financial value. He is focused on building and delivering customer value through disciplined strategic and operational approaches coupled with strong international and multicultural skill set.
Eric has worked for more than 10 years as a managing director of Sofinnova Ventures, a venture capital firm investing in early stage technology intensive companies, focused on B to B. He has done several successful cross border investment between Silicon Valley and India, Western Europe and Eastern Europe and contributed to raise 3 funds.






 
 












Event gallery
































About SVIC We help companies focus on growth through innovation and disruptive technologies.
Privacy Policy

 

 


Our address 


1850 Gateway Drive, Suite # 150, San Mateo, CA 94402




+ 1(650) 274-0214




www.svicenter.com




info@svicenter.com



 


SVIC NEWS


Top rated

Recent news







Silicon Valley Innovation Center Announces Navigating Fintech Disruption: Silicon Valley Immersion Program

January 30, 2017

0 Com.





 
Top 5 Reasons to Start Using Predictive Analytics Today

June 15, 2015

0 Com.









Silicon Valley Innovation Center Announces Navigating Fintech Disruption: Silicon Valley Immersion Program

January 30, 2017

0 Com.







Frameworks for banks to work with FinTech companies

December 7, 2016

0 Com.


















			© 2015 All Rights Reserved. Developed by SVIC 







































Benhamou Global Ventures |   Eric Buatois





































































Login





 Remember me



Recover password 
 Investor Portal





























Team



Home-
Forum







Marina Levinson






Neil Daswani











Eric Buatois


Eric Buatois has 15 years of active venture capital experience, first  at Sofinnova Ventures as a General Partner from 2001 until 2013 managing several funds of 250M$ and then General Partner at BGV since 2013. He is a lead investor who truly enjoys building global companies and has demonstrated experience in executing spin-offs from large companies.  Eric served as Chairman of the Board of Upek from inception until 2009 including IPO filing in 2006 (and ultimate acquisition by Apple, Nasdaq: AAPL), Chairman of Crocus Technology from inception until January 2010, Chairman of Laszlo systems until its merger with Critical Path, Inc. 
In his role at BGV, he is a very active lead investor and serves on the boards of several companies including Identity Mind Global, Profitect, NGD Systems, Intellivision and Crocus Technology.
Prior to becoming a venture capitalist, he spent over 20 years in the Computer and Telecommunications industry. He held several senior management and operational roles at Texas Instruments, Hewlett-Packard and Ericsson. He also negotiated, created and managed a joint venture in Sweden between HP and Ericsson. In his corporate roles, Eric pioneered and led the development of several very successful products such as Texas Instruments digital signal processors for the cellular market, Hewlett-Packard’s telecommunications products Opencall and Openview and Ericsson’s operational support systems for telecom networks. At the joint venture between Hewlett-Packard and Ericsson, Eric built a software business of several hundred millions dollars in the management of telecom and networking infrastructures on a global basis.
Eric Buatois, 57, is a French citizen and resides in the Bay Area with his wife and 4 children. He enjoys outdoor activities, such as fly fishing, scuba diving, hiking, skiing and golfing. He is involved in various European activities to grow and stimulate innovation.
Eric received his MSc In Computer Science and Communications Engineering From Ecole Nationale Supérieure des Télécommunications in Paris in 1982 and graduated from INSEAD Advanced Management Program in 1991.
His investments include Upek(AAPL), Cortina systems(INPHI), Hellosoft (Imagination Technology), Laszlo Systems(Critical Path).
Download Bio for Eric Buatois




30 Oct, 2013
Posted by master
1 Tags
0 Comments
















Search

Twitter Updates Tweets by @BenhamouGlobalV


LinkedIn Updates 

ALL MEDIA INQUIRIES CONTACT 650.324.3680 office
650.473.1347 fax

Download bios and photos



Scroll

































Eric Buatois | SVOD - Silicon Valley Open Doors











































 










Speakers

Past Speakers


Investors

Past Investors
Funds


Startups

PITCH Application
PITCH Rules
Past Startups


Sponsors

Partners


Agenda
SVOD EXPO
About

Venue
SVOD VIP Reception
Videos
Photos
Blog
Contact
Refund Policy


Register Now
 










 SVOD – Silicon Valley Open Doors 







Technology Investment Conference










Home Speakers Eric Buatois 



Eric Buatois





















Eric Buatois

General Partner, Benhamou Global Ventures










Eric Buatois has 12 years of active venture capital experience with BGV since 2013 and with Sofinnova Ventures as a General Partner from 2001 till 2013. He is a lead investor who truly enjoys building global companies and has demonstrated experience in executing spin- offs from large companies. He serves on the boards of several companies in the US and in Europe, including Crestatech, Crocus Technology and IdentityMind Global. Eric served as Chairman of the Board of Upek from inception until 2009 including IPO filing in 2006 (and ultimate acquisition by Apple, Nasdaq: AAPL), Chairman of Crocus Technology from inception until January 2010, Chairman of Laszlo systems until its merger with Critical Path, Inc. Eric was instrumental in raising Sofinnova Ventures VI fund ($250M) in 2003 and Sofinnova Ventures VII fund ($375M) especially with international Limited Partners. As a venture investor, Eric Buatois participated in 3 M&A transactions and 2 IPO filing , and helped raise $529M in venture financing.
Eric Buatois has extensive experience as a private company director, having served 3 times as Chairman of the Board and participated in 4 corporate spinouts.
Prior to becoming a venture capitalist, he spent over 20 years in the Computer and Telecommunications industry. He held several senior management and operational roles at Texas Instruments, Hewlett-Packard and Ericsson. He also negotiated, created and managed a joint venture in Sweden between HP and Ericsson. In his corporate roles, Eric pioneered and led the development of several very successful products such as Texas Instruments digital signal processors for the cellular market, Hewlett- Packard’s telecommunications products Opencall and Openview and Ericsson’s operational support systems for telecom networks. Eric has also driven several acquisitions and major partnering activities in addition to having managed large organizations in different locations such as Japan, Singapore, USA and Europe as well as managing sales forces on a global basis. At the joint venture between Hewlett-Packard and Ericsson, Eric built a software business of several hundred millions dollars in the management of telecom and networking infrastructures on a global basis.
His investments include UPEK(AAPL), Cortina Systems(INPHI), Hellosoft(IMG) and Laszlo Systems(Critical Path).






Want to speak at SVOD? Please e-mail your details to info@svod.org
 









Conference Trailer 

 







Testimonials





I love coming to the Silicon Valley Open Doors! I discover entrepreneurs here every single year, and I think I’ve been to all of them.
  

 
Carol Sands

Founder, The Angels’ Forum








The SVOD conference was a wonderful event. Networking is very important for start-ups. The challenge for them is often not money: it is mentoring and finding people who can give good advice from experience.
  

 
Esther Dyson

Founder, EDventure Holdings








Thank you for the opportunity to present Driveway at SVOD. It gave us much needed exposure to the wide investor community. Combining the pitch preparation classes with the presentation content guidance, we came out strong and confident from the podium. During the conference we had a chance to speak to many investors and industry leaders resulting in a very valuable feedback.
  

 
Jake Diner

Driveway Software








The founders of the conference are very authentic and these are people that want to change the world and make things better for entrepreneurs and help people and I think that’s a great thing.
  

 
George Zachary

Partner, Charles River Ventures, (Midas List, 1st investor in twitter & Yammer, $1.4B under management)








Excellent! Great conference! Lots of People! Lot of energy! Enthusiastic! Everything is just going so good.
  

 
Vish Mishra

Venture Director, Clearstone Venture Partners ($600M under management)








Great conference, interesting presentations and most important, relevant participants with concrete ideas and tremendous willingness to mentor and help startups.
  

 
Adi Bittan

Founder & CEO, OwnerListens & Stanford MBA








I am delighted to participate in and sponsor SVOD. It is particularly gratifying at this stage of my professional career to be able to support this unique organization and give back to the high-tech community. Looking back, I regret not having the benefits of SVOD network early on, when I really needed it! It is wonderful to see the new startups taking advantage of this very special forum.
  

 
Mike Sandler

CEO of Epiphan








This conference is clearly a labor of love for a group of dedicated professionals who care deeply about the European entrepreneurs. From the value-packed educational panels, to the star-studded keynote speakers’ line up, to an amazing quantity of venture capitalists – this is a not to be missed event for any high tech entrepreneur.
  

 
Richard Guha

President of the Marketing Executives Network and Managing Partner at MaxBrandEquity
























Copyright © 2017. All Rights reserved 
























 






Eric Buatois, General Partner, Benhamou Global Ventures


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Eric Buatois



General Partner
at
Benhamou Global Ventures


Location: San Francisco, CA





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Eric Buatois



General Partner
at
Benhamou Global Ventures


Location: San Francisco, CA




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Eric joined Sofinnova Ventures as a General Partner in 2001 with more than 20 years of experience in the wireless industry. Prior to becoming a venture capitalist, he held several senior management and operational roles at Texas Instruments, Hewlett-Packard and Ericsson, also having negotiated, created and managed a joint venture in Sweden between H-P and Ericsson. In his corporate roles, Eric pioneered and developed several very successful products such as Texas Instruments’ digital signal processors for the cellular market, Hewlett-Packard’s telecommunications products Opencall and Openview, and Ericsson’s operational support systems for telecom networks. Eric has also driven several acquisitions and major partnering activities.
At Sofinnova Ventures, Eric specializes in investment in the wireless ecosystem. He is a lead investor who truly enjoys building global companies and has demonstrated experience in executing spin-outs from large companies. He actively serves on the boards of companies in the US and in Europe, including Cortina Systems, Crestatech, Crocus Technology, Hellosoft (acquired by Imagination Technologies, LSE: IMG), Laszlo Systems, Upek (Acquired by AuthenTec, Nasdaq: AUTH) and Volubill. Eric served as Chairman of the Board of Upek from inception until 2009, Chairman of Crocus Technology from inception until Janaury 2010, and is currently Chairman of Laszlo systems.
Eric received his MS In computer Science and Communications Engineering From Ecole Nationale Superieure des Telecommunications in France. He is a board member of the International School of the Peninsula. Eric is also a charter member of TIE and is involved in various European activities to grow and stimulate innovation.



4

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





2

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Venture Capital




Tags
Semiconductors, Communication Systems, Venture Capital, Start-ups, Entrepreneur, Mergers, Mobile, Business Strategy, Telecommunications, Product Management, Strategic Planning, Team Building, Emerging Markets, Strategy Development, Investments, Private Equity, Business Planning, Due Diligence, Product Strategy




Topics of Influence












N/A







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Eric BuatoisCareer (4)






Jan-2015




IdentityMind Global



Board Member







May-2014




Benhamou Global Ventures



General Partner







Jun-2006




Crocus Technology



Board Member







Aug-2001




Sofinnova Ventures



General Partner








Competencies










 Edit



Eric BuatoisEducation





Add Education


No education has been recorded for Eric Buatois






 Edit



Eric BuatoisAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Eric Buatois






 Edit
View all 



Eric BuatoisLinks








Eric Buatois: Executive Profile & Biography - Businessweek
Source: investing.businessweek.com
Wed, Dec 18, 2013 by Anonymous user 

Share













Eric BuatoisInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Eric Buatois






View all 



Eric BuatoisInvestments Representing Others (2)









Crocus Technology

Representing: Sofinnova Ventures



Since Jun-2006


Series: A, B, D

Company status: PRIVATE








IdentityMind Global

Representing: Benhamou Global Ventures



Since Mar-2015

Company status: PRIVATE










Eric BuatoisRelated People








Colleagues at Benhamou Global Ventures







Barak Ben-Avinoam

Partner
Apr-2014









Eric Amblard

Advisor
Mar-2014









Eric Benhamou

Founder and General Partner
2003









Anik Bose

Partner









View all 
Peers (6)







Anand Mehra

General Partner of Sofinnova Ventures









Srinivas Akkaraju

General Partner of Sofinnova Ventures









Jim Healy

Managing General Partner of Sofinnova Ventures









Michael Powell

Managing General Partner of Sofinnova Ventures









Garheng Kong

Managing Partner of HealthQuest Capital









James Healy

Managing General Partner of Sofinnova Ventures












View all 



Eric BuatoisRecommended Market Profiles (8)








Telemedicine

10,000 or More employees
19 companies








Social Media Marketing (ChiefMartec.com)

5,000 - 10,000 employees
111 companies








Big Data Universe List of Lists

10,000 or More employees
533 companies








Aggregated Marketing Technology

10,000 or More employees
2650 companies








Shared Economy Landscape (Jeremiah Owyang)

10,000 or More employees
267 companies








Inside Sales Landscape

10,000 or More employees
650 companies

























Eric Buatois | The Entrepreneurs' Club











Skip to main content












HomeCalendarBlogEventsPhotoVideoPresentationWeekend ReadingTEC PitchAbout usManagement TeamLinkedIn GroupFacebook GroupPartnersSpeakersJudgesContact Us 




Eric Buatois 




 



Partner, Sofinnova Ventures

Eric joined Sofinnova Ventures as a General Partner in 2001 with more than 20 years of experience in the wireless industry. Prior to becoming a venture capitalist, he held several senior management and operational roles at Texas Instruments, Hewlett-Packard and Ericsson, also having negotiated, created and managed a joint venture in Sweden between H-P and Ericsson. In his corporate roles, Eric pioneered and developed several very successful products such as Texas Instruments’ digital signal processors for the cellular market, Hewlett-Packard’s telecommunications products Opencall and Openview, and Ericsson’s operational support systems for telecom networks. Eric has also driven several acquisitions and major partnering activities. At Sofinnova Ventures, Eric specializes in investment in the wireless ecosystem. He is a lead investor who truly enjoys building global companies and has demonstrated experience in executing spin-outs from large companies. He actively serves on the boards of companies in the US and in Europe, including Cortina Systems, Crestatech, Crocus Technology, Hellosoft (acquired by Imagination Technologies, LSE: IMG), Laszlo Systems, Upek (Acquired by AuthenTec, Nasdaq: AUTH) and Volubill. Eric served as Chairman of the Board of Upek from inception until 2009, Chairman of Crocus Technology from inception until Janaury 2010, and is currently Chairman of Laszlo systems. Eric received his MS In computer Science and Communications Engineering From Ecole Nationale Superieure des Telecommunications in France. He is a board member of the International School of the Peninsula. Eric is also a charter member of TIE and is involved in various European activities to grow and stimulate innovation.











Join Our Club







 Corporate Members




 Partners
 




What They Say About Us "The wonderful thing about entrepreneurs is that their passion for starting new companies transcends languages and geographic boundaries." Ron Conway,  Founder and Managing Partner of the Angel Investors LP funds, early stage investor in Google and PayPal "Networking is very important for start-ups. The challenge for them is often not money: it is mentoring and finding people who can give good advice from experience." Esther Dyson,  Founder, EDventure Holdings "This conference is clearly a labor of love for a group of dedicated professionals who care deeply about the Eastern European entrepreneurs. From the value-packed educational panels, to the star-studded key note speakers' line up, to an amazing quantity of venture capitalists – this is a not to be missed event for any high tech entrepreneur," Richard Guha,  President of the Marketing Executives Network and Managing Partner at MaxBrandEquity "As Stanford MBA students, we were exposed to a lot of VC firms both from the Valley and abroad. It is at Stanford that we met Anna Dvornikova, an absolutely amazing business leader and (by our big luck) our friend, who was the center of the Russian Silicon Valley professional community, and was doing a huge work to connect Russia and the Valley. Anna helped us a lot with kick-starting Wikimart, put us to our first-ever conference, introduced us to most of Russian VCs. And all that happened in a very short time span! It was the beginning of a six-month journey that despite the particularly tough times resulted in an extraordinarily group of investors backing our start-up." Maxim Faldin and Kamil Kurmakayev,co-CEOs, Wikimart






HomeCalendarBlogEventsPhotoVideoPresentationWeekend ReadingTEC PitchAbout usManagement TeamLinkedIn GroupFacebook GroupPartnersSpeakersJudgesContact UsSpeakers 

© THE ENTREPRENEURS CLUB - The Group for Entrepreneurs, Investors and Rule-Breakers 
Contact Us  |  
					Terms of Use








 



Eric Buatois, General Partner, Sofinnova Ventures Inc | Spoke











































LOGIN



REGISTER








Add Company



Add Person



Add Topic




Login






Or



















Home | People | Eric Buatois


Advanced Search
FAQ




Javascript is disabled












Bio
EDIT













Eric Buatois

Alias or nickname



General Partner, Sofinnova Ventures Inc




Yerington, NV




Find other people named Eric Buatois




General Info


Add Industry— eg, Real Estate, Finance...



Add Tags— eg, Finance, Business2Business...



ERIC BUATOIS
 Director
 Managing Director of Sofinnova Ventures
 Eric has more than 18 years experience in the communications industry prior to joining Sofinnova Ventures in 2001 to focus on the telecommunications sector.
Eric had a 14-year stint with Hewlett Packard, where he held business management, profit and loss, and global strategic responsibilities through leadership roles based in Europe and the United States. He joined HP’s French operations in 1987 to lead product strategy for the company’s Telecom Systems business unit. In 1994, Eric relocated to Sweden, where he served as Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of EHPT BV, a global joint venture between HP and Ericsson specializing in network management and billing systems for service providers. He also served on the Board of EHPT. In 1998, Eric moved to HP’s U.S. headquarters, where he became General Manager of its Communication Solution business unit.
Eric began his career with Texas Instruments in 1983, rising to European Product Manager for the Digital Signal Processor line. Concentrating on DSP applied to wireless, Eric defined and guided the product line’s introduction into the European market, and negotiated key OEM agreements with top European telecom equipment vendors. His efforts led to the successful Europe-wide deployment of TI’s DSP line.
Eric received his MS in Computer Science and Communications Engineering from Ecole Nationale Superieure des Telecommunications (France).


Not who you're looking for?
Find other Eric Buatois on Spoke




Contact



Telephone



Email



Background Report



Public Records


powered by





Digital Info



www.sofinnova.com/



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A









Resume

EDIT
CAREER



Sofinnova Ventures Inc

General Partner





EDUCATION

EDIT

Add a Degree— eg, Bachelors in Business Administration








Blogs By Industry Voices


There are currently no Blogs by Industry Voices





Achievements and Recognition
EDIT


Add an achievement and/or recognition— eg, Man of the year, Forbes 2011...





Notable Links

EDIT


The links below are powered by Bing search results. Click edit to customize.





Videos
EDIT


Add a videofrom youtube or vimeo





EXECUTIVES & FEATURED PEOPLE AT Sofinnova Ventures Inc








Jeffrey Stein

Ceo









Hooman Shahlavi

Director of Legal Affairs









Michael Powell

General Partner









Alain Azan

General Partner









Jim Healy

Managing Director









Eric Bautois

Md









Nathalie Auber

Cfo









Nicola Campbell

Immunologist
















Created on Jun 06, 2011


by Spoke
 







Edited on Jun 06, 2011


by Spoke
 




PAGE COMPLETION

30%




Summary




Website/Blog




Career




Add 3 Achievements



Add an Industry



Add 3 Notable Links



Add a Social Network



Add a Photo



Add a Video



Add Education



View More


View Less



SHARE THIS PAGE
















Add Page


Add Company
Add Person
Add Topic




Copy this code to embed a widget:



<div id="spoke-root"></div>
<script>(function(d, s, id) {
var js, sjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
if (d.getElementById(id)) return;
js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;
js.src = "//www.spoke.com/assets/widget.js";
sjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, sjs);
}(document, 'script', 'spoke-widget-js'));</script>
    <div class="spoke-widget" data-host="//www.spoke.com" data-type="person" data-id="3e1429c09e597c1001312f5f" data-width="404" data-height="230" data-scroll="no" data-frame-border="none"></div>
    <div style="font-size: 9pt;"><a href="http://www.spoke.com/people/eric-buatois-3e1429c09e597c1001312f5f">Eric Buatois</a> widget provided by <a href="http://www.spoke.com">Spoke</a></div>




Public Records
Our partner can help you find public records for Eric.


More on









Some of Spoke's Content Providers








Become a Spoke Content Provider
Learn More


