








Page not found - TheStreet

















 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street




































 
















Page not found

        Sorry, the page you're looking for is not available.
    
    You might want to try:
    

Our homepage


Our most popular stories






























 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 





















J. Kevin Buchi - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















J. Kevin Buchi
Dir., Interim President and Chief Executive Officer at Impax Laboratories, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you J. Kevin Buchi? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view J. Kevin Buchi's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in J. Kevin Buchi's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in J. Kevin Buchi's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with J. Kevin Buchi through your network of contacts.
												








J. Kevin Buchi's Executive Work History


Current


Dir., Interim President and Chief Executive Officer, 
Impax Laboratories, Inc.


Past
To view J. Kevin Buchi's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management 


Age
61

 
 


J. Kevin Buchi's Biography



J. Kevin Buchi served as our Interim President and Chief Executive Officer from December 19, 2016 until March 27, 2017. From August 2013 to December 2016, Mr. Buchi served as President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of TetraLogic Pharmaceuticals Corporation (formerly NASDAQ: TLOG), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company ("TetraLogic Pharmaceuticals"), which assets were subsequently acquired by Medivir AB in December 2016. Prior to his time at TetraLogic Pharmaceuticals, Mr. Buchi served as Corporate Vice President, Global Branded Products of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (NYSE: TEVA), a pharmaceut ...
(Read More)

			J. Kevin Buchi served as our Interim President and Chief Executive Officer from December 19, 2016 until March 27, 2017. From August 2013 to December 2016, Mr. Buchi served as President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of TetraLogic Pharmaceuticals Corporation (formerly NASDAQ: TLOG), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company ("TetraLogic Pharmaceuticals"), which assets were subsequently acquired by Medivir AB in December 2016. Prior to his time at TetraLogic Pharmaceuticals, Mr. Buchi served as Corporate Vice President, Global Branded Products of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (NYSE: TEVA), a pharmaceutical company ("Teva"), from October 2011 to May 2012. Prior to his position at Teva, Mr. Buchi served as Chief Executive Officer of Cephalon, Inc. (formerly NASDAQ: CEPH), a pharmaceutical company subsequently acquired by Teva ("Cephalon"), from December 2010 to October 2011, and held various positions at Cephalon including Chief Operating Officer from January 2010 to December 2010 and Chief Financial Officer from 1996 to 2009. Since April 2013, he has served as a director on the board and as a member of the remuneration and nominating committee and audit committee of the board of Benitec Biopharma Ltd. (NASDAQ: BNTC), a biotechnology company headquartered in Australia. Mr. Buchi has previously served on the board and committees of various pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies including: the board and the audit committee of EPIRUS Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. (formerly NASDAQ: EPRS), a biopharmaceutical company, from June 2013 to July 2016; the board and the compensation committee of Alexza Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (formerly NASDAQ: ALXA), a pharmaceutical company focused on the acute treatment of central nervous system conditions (subsequently acquired), from January 2013 to June 2016; the board and the audit committee of Forward Pharma A/S (NASDAQ: FWP), a biotechnology company founded in Denmark, from December 2012 to May 2016; the board and the audit, compensation and nominating and corporate governance committees of Stemline Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: STML), a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company, from March 2012 to May 2016; and the board and audit committee of Meslobast Limited, an Australian securities exchange listed biotechnology company, from 2010 to 2012. Mr. Buchi received his B.A. degree from Cornell University and a Masters of Management from the J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University. Mr. Buchi's extensive experience as a senior executive and board member in the pharmaceutical industry provides the board with unique insights into our business.
		
Source: Impax Laboratories, Inc. on 04/05/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view J. Kevin Buchi's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like J. Kevin Buchi. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in J. Kevin Buchi's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in J. Kevin Buchi's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with J. Kevin Buchi through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: J. Kevin Buchi


















J. Kevin Buchi's Connections (119)





Sign up now to view J. Kevin Buchi's 119 connections »









Eric L. Dobmeier
Chief Operating Officer, Seattle Genetics, Inc.









Gail R. Wilensky
Board Member, UnitedHealth Group Incorporated









Scott M. Rocklage
Former Acting Chief Executive Officer and Director, EPIRUS Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.









Andrew L. Pecora
Former Board Member, Caladrius Biosciences, Inc.









Douglas S. Boothe
President, Impax Generics, Impax Laboratories, Inc.









Geoffrey M. Duyk
Former Board Member, Aerie Pharmaceuticals, Inc.









Douglas Reed
Former Board Member, TetraLogic Pharmaceuticals Corporation









Dennis L. Winger
Board Member, Accuray Incorporated









Mark K. Oki
Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer, VIVUS, Inc.









Andrew L. Busser
Former Board Member, Alexza Pharmaceuticals Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Philip L. Milstein
Board Member, The Marcus Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993


































 



 Impax Announces Appointment of J. Kevin Buchi to Board of Directors 
         










    










 













 











 



















Impax Announces Appointment of J. Kevin Buchi to Board of Directors
        																																						
              











 News provided by
Impax Laboratories, Inc.  
Nov 28, 2016, 08:00 ET









 Share this article




























































HAYWARD, Calif., Nov. 28, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Impax Laboratories, Inc. (NASDAQ:    IPXL) announced today that J. Kevin Buchi was appointed to the Impax Board of Directors on November 23. Mr. Buchi, 61, currently serves as President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of TetraLogic Pharmaceuticals Corporation. 








"We are pleased to welcome Kevin to our Board," said Robert L. Burr, Chairman of the Board of Impax Laboratories. "Kevin brings a great deal of pharmaceutical experience as an accomplished executive and director. He will provide valuable insights and perspective with respect to our operations, strategy and corporate governance."
Prior to joining TetraLogic Pharmaceuticals in August 2013, Mr. Buchi served as Corporate Vice President of Global Branded Products at Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited from 2011 to May 2012. Before joining Teva, he was Chief Executive Officer of Cephalon, Inc., which was acquired by Teva in October 2011. Mr. Buchi joined Cephalon in 1991 and held various leadership positions, including Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer, before becoming Cephalon's Chief Executive Officer in December 2010. 
In addition to being a director of TetraLogic Pharmaceuticals, Mr. Buchi has since 2013 served as a director of Benitec Biopharma Ltd., a NASDAQ listed biotechnology company headquartered in Australia. He has extensive experience as a director having previously served on the board of a number of pharmaceutical companies including EPIRUS Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., Alexza Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Forward Pharma A/S. 
Mr. Buchi received his B.A. degree in Chemistry from Cornell University and a Masters of Management degree from the J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management, Northwestern University.  
"Safe Harbor" statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995:
To the extent any statements made in this news release contain information that is not historical; these statements are forward-looking in nature and express the beliefs and expectations of management. Such statements are based on current expectations and involve a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the Company's future results, performance, or achievements to differ significantly from the results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: fluctuations in revenues and operating income; the Company's ability to successfully develop and commercialize pharmaceutical products in a timely manner; reductions or loss of business with any significant customer; the substantial portion of the Company's total revenues derived from sales of a limited number of products; the impact of consolidation of the Company's customer base; the impact of competition; the Company's ability to sustain profitability and positive cash flows; any delays or unanticipated expenses in connection with the operation of the Company's manufacturing facilities; the effect of foreign economic, political, legal, and other risks on the Company's operations abroad; the uncertainty of patent litigation and other legal proceedings; the increased government scrutiny on the Company's agreements with brand pharmaceutical companies; product development risks and the difficulty of predicting FDA filings and approvals; consumer acceptance and demand for new pharmaceutical products; the impact of market perceptions of the Company and the safety and quality of the Company's products; the Company's determinations to discontinue the manufacture and distribution of certain products; the Company's ability to achieve returns on its investments in research and development activities; changes to FDA approval requirements; the Company's ability to successfully conduct clinical trials; the Company's reliance on third parties to conduct clinical trials and testing; the Company's lack of a license partner for commercialization of NUMIENTTM (IPX066) outside of the United States; impact of illegal distribution and sale by third parties of counterfeits or stolen products; the availability of raw materials and impact of interruptions in the Company's supply chain; the Company's policies regarding returns, allowances and chargebacks; the use of controlled substances in the Company's products; the effect of current economic conditions on the Company's  industry, business, results of operations and financial condition; disruptions or failures in the Company's information technology systems and network infrastructure caused by third party breaches or other events; the Company's reliance on alliance and collaboration agreements; the Company's reliance on licenses to proprietary technologies; the Company's dependence on certain employees; the Company's ability to comply with legal and regulatory requirements governing the healthcare industry; the regulatory environment; the effect of certain provisions in the Company's government contracts; the Company's ability to protect its intellectual property; exposure to product liability claims; risks relating to goodwill and intangibles; changes in tax regulations; the Company's ability to manage growth, including through potential acquisitions and investments;  the risks related to the Company's acquisitions of or investments in technologies, products or businesses; the restrictions imposed by the Company's credit facility and indenture; the Company's level of indebtedness and liabilities and the potential impact  on cash flow available for operations; uncertainties involved in the preparation of the Company's financial statements; the Company's ability to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting; the effect of terrorist attacks on the Company's business; the location of the Company's manufacturing and research and development facilities near earthquake fault lines; expansion of social media platforms and other risks described in the Company's periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements speak only as to the date on which they are made, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statement, regardless of whether new information becomes available, future developments occur or otherwise.
About Impax Laboratories, Inc.Impax Laboratories, Inc. (Impax) is a specialty pharmaceutical company applying its formulation expertise and drug delivery technology to the development of controlled-release and specialty generics in addition to the development of central nervous system disorder branded products. Impax markets its generic products through its Impax Generics division and markets its branded products through its Impax Specialty Pharma division. Additionally, where strategically appropriate, Impax develops marketing partnerships to fully leverage its technology platforms and pursues partnership opportunities that offer alternative dosage form technologies, such as injectables, nasal sprays, inhalers, patches, creams and ointments. For more information, please visit the Company's Web site at: www.impaxlabs.com.
Company Contacts:Mark DonohueInvestor Relations and Corporate Communications(215) 558-4526www.impaxlabs.com
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/impax-announces-appointment-of-j-kevin-buchi-to-board-of-directors-300368792.html
SOURCE Impax Laboratories, Inc.
 Related Links

http://www.impaxlabs.com



 

















Dec 20, 2016, 07:30 ET
Preview: Impax Laboratories Announces Leadership Transition















Nov 22, 2016, 08:30 ET
Preview: Impax to Present at the 28th Annual Piper Jaffray Healthcare Conference






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











Jul 17, 2017, 07:30 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Impax Announces FDA Approval of its AB Rated Generic Concerta®...








 











Jul 05, 2017, 17:02 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Impax Announces FDA Approval and Launch of Additional Strengths...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Biotechnology
  Health Care & Hospitals
  Medical Pharmaceuticals
  Pharmaceuticals
Personnel Announcements








 You just read:
Impax Announces Appointment of J. Kevin Buchi to Board of Directors


 News provided by
Impax Laboratories, Inc.  
Nov 28, 2016, 08:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 




J. Kevin Buchi BE, MBA, CPA: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 21, 2017 8:05 PM ET
Pharmaceuticals

Company Overview of Impax Laboratories, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
J. Kevin Buchi BE, MBA, CPADirector, Impax Laboratories, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 14 different industries.See Board Relationships62$234,555As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. J. Kevin Buchi, BE, MBA, CPA, served as Interim Chief Executive Officer and Interim President of Impax Laboratories, Inc. from December 19, 2016 to March 27, 2017. Mr. Buchi served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of TetraLogic Pharmaceuticals Corporation from August 19, 2013 to December 30, 2016. He served as Corporate Vice President of Global Branded Products at Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited from 2011 to May 2012. He served as the Chief Executive ... Officer of Cephalon Inc. from December 23, 2010 to October 2011. He served as the Chief Operating Officer of Cephalon Inc. from January 28, 2010 to December 2010. He served as the Chief Financial Officer of Cephalon Inc. from April 1996 to January 28, 2010 and also served as its Principal Accounting Officer until January 28, 2010. He served as the Head of Business Development of Cephalon Inc since 2004. He served as an Executive Vice President of Cephalon Inc. from February 2006 to January 28, 2010. He served as Senior Vice President of Cephalon Inc. from April 1996 to 2006, Controller since March 1991 and held several financial positions. Mr. Buchi served in a number of financial positions at E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company from 1985 to 1991. He was responsible for Finance, Accounting, Business Development and Information Systems and involved in raising significant financing for Cephalon Inc. He helped and guided Cephalon through several financings, product and company acquisitions and in the development and execution of successful growth strategies. He served positions at PricewaterhouseCoopers. He was a Synthetic Organic Chemist for the Eastman Kodak Company. Mr. Buchi joined Cephalon in March 1991. He has helped guide Cephalon through several financings, product and company acquisitions and in the development and execution of successful growth strategies. He has been Director of Teva Pharmaceuticals Australia Pty Ltd since May 2009 and Chemgenex Pharmaceuticals Ltd since June 2011. He has been Director at Impax Laboratories, Inc. since November 23, 2016. He served as a Director of TetraLogic Pharmaceuticals Corporation from August 2013 to December 30, 2016. He served as Director of Alexza Pharmaceuticals Inc. from January 3, 2013 to June 21, 2016. Mr. Buchi served as an Independent Director at EPIRUS Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. since July 2014 until July 25, 2016. He served as an Independent Director of Stemline Therapeutics, Inc. from March 15, 2012 to May 25, 2016. Mr. Buchi served as a director of Benitec Biopharma Ltd., a NASDAQ listed biotechnology company headquartered in Australia since 2013. He served as a Non-Executive Director of Mesoblast Limited from December 30, 2010 to May 10, 2012. He served as a Director of Forward Pharma A/S since December 2012 until May 6, 2016. He served as a Director of Celator Pharmaceuticals, Inc. since July 31, 2006, Cephalon Inc. since December 23, 2010 and Arana Therapeutics Pty. Limited since May 2009. He served as a Member of Life Sciences Advisory Board at Safeguard Scientifics, Inc. He served as a Director of Aptose Biosciences Inc. (formerly, Lorus Therapeutics Inc.) since December 2002. He served as a Director of Encysive Pharmaceuticals Inc. from June 23, 2004 to June 2008. He is a Certified Public Accountant. Mr. Buchi holds a BA in Chemistry from Cornell University in 1976 and an MBA Degree from the J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management, Northwestern University in 1980.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
30831 Huntwood AvenueHayward, California 94544United StatesPhone: 510-476-2000Fax: 510-471-3200
Board Members Memberships
2009-PresentDirectorTeva Pharmaceuticals Australia Pty Ltd2011-PresentDirectorChemgenex Pharmaceuticals Ltd.2016-PresentDirectorImpax Laboratories, Inc.
Education
BA 1976Cornell UniversityMBA 1980J.L. Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University
Other Affiliations
Safeguard Scientifics, Inc.Cephalon, Inc.Aptose Biosciences Inc.Teva Pharmaceutical Industries LimitedEncysive Pharmaceuticals Inc.Teva Pharmaceuticals Australia Pty LtdChemgenex Pharmaceuticals Ltd.Cornell UniversityCelator Pharmaceuticals, Inc.J.L. Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern UniversityStemline Therapeutics, Inc.TetraLogic Pharmaceuticals CorporationMesoblast LimitedAlexza Pharmaceuticals Inc.Forward Pharma A/SEPIRUS Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.


Annual Compensation
Salary$4,583Total Annual Compensation$4,583
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$115,889Unexercisable Options$20,445Total Number of Options$20,445
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$4,583Total Short Term Compensation$4,583Other Long Term Compensation$115,889Total Calculated Compensation$234,555




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationRon  Cohen M.D.Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorAcorda Therapeutics, Inc.$772.5KArthur P. Bedrosian J.D.CEO & DirectorLannett Company, Inc.$1.4MHari Shanker Bhartia B.TechCo-Chairman and Managing DirectorJubilant Life Sciences Limited--Ronald M. Lombardi Chairman, President & CEOPrestige Brands Holdings, Inc.$880.0KDaniel J. Abdun-Nabi Chief Executive Officer, President and  DirectorEmergent BioSolutions Inc.$776.6KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Impax Laboratories, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





































 


 


J. Kevin Buchi
 | LinkedIn
 


























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




J. Kevin BuchiCEO at Tetralogic PharmaceuticalsLocationMalvern, PennsylvaniaIndustryBiotechnologyCurrentTetralogic Pharmaceuticals, Impax Laboratories, Benitec BiopharmPreviousTeva Pharmaceuticals, CephalonEducationNorthwestern University - Kellogg School of Management434 connectionsView J. Kevin’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View J. Kevin’s Full ProfileExperienceCEOTetralogic PharmaceuticalsPresentMember Board Of DirectorsImpax Laboratories, Benitec Biopharm2016  –  Present (1 year)Former CEO Cephalon Inc,  Corp VP Global branded product Teva, CEO TetraLogic Pharma, Interim CEO Impax LabsCorporate VP, Global Branded ProductsTeva PharmaceuticalsOctober 2011  –  May 2012 (8 months)CEOCephalonDecember 2010  –  October 2011 (11 months)COOCephalonJanuary 2010  –  December 2010 (1 year)CFOCephalon1996  –  December 2009 (13 years)EducationNorthwestern University - Kellogg School of ManagementMaster of Management, Accounting and FinanceMaster of Management, Accounting and Finance1978  –  1980Cornell UniversityBachelor of Arts (B.A.), ChemistryBachelor of Arts (B.A.), Chemistry1972  –  1976View J. Kevin’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact J. Kevin directlyView J. Kevin’s Full ProfileView this profile in another languageEnglishGermanPeople Also ViewedChristopher CashmanJean Jacques BienaimeJean-Pierre (JP) SakeyJohn GillCEO at TetraLogic PharmaceuticalsCarol S. MarchioneVice President, Regulatory Affairs at Innocoll PharmaceuticalsSherri CarenzoRegulatory Affairs and Quality Control Manager at Tetralogic PharmaceuticalsJustin NelsonBusiness Process Owner - Finance at Teva PharmaceuticalsJeffrey D. MarrazzoChief Executive Officer, Spark TherapeuticsLee GuerinTerritory Business Manager at IncyteFrank BaldinoChairman and CEO at CephalonPublic profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesSearch by nameOver 500 million professionals are already on LinkedIn. Find who you know.First NameLast NameExample:  Jeff WeinerLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country























IPXL J. Kevin Buchi Insider Trades for Impax Laboratories Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Impax Laboratories Inc.

                  NASDAQ: IPXL
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Impax Laboratories Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:33 p.m.


IPXL

/quotes/zigman/81476/composite


$
18.15




Change

-0.0036
-0.02%

Volume
Volume 329,697
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/81476/composite
Today's close

$
			17.95
		


$
				18.15
			
Change

+0.20
+1.11%





Day low
Day high
$17.60
$18.40










52 week low
52 week high

            $7.75
        

            $31.85
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




J. Kevin Buchi



Mr. J. K. Buchi is on the Board of Directors at Impax Laboratories, Inc., Benitec Biopharma Ltd. and ChemGenex Pharmaceuticals Pty Ltd. Mr. Buchi was previously employed as an Independent Director by EPIRUS Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., an Independent Director by Zalicus, Inc., President, Chief Executive Officer & Director by TetraLogic Pharmaceuticals Corp., an Independent Director by Alexza Pharmaceuticals, Inc., an Independent Director by Forward Pharma A/S, an Independent Director by Stemline Therapeutics, Inc., Vice President-Global Branded Products by Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Non-Executive Director by Mesoblast Ltd., and Chief Executive Officer & Director by Cephalon, Inc. He also served on the board at EPIRUS Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. /Old/, Arana Therapeutics Ltd., Celator Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Encysive Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Lorus Therapeutics, Inc. He received his undergraduate degree from Cornell University and a graduate degree from Kellogg School of Management.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





05/16/2017
3,281


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/23/2016
8,020


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Paul M. Bisaro 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Andrew  Schaschl 
Senior Vice President-Global Operations




Mr. Bryan M. Reasons 
Chief Financial Officer & Senior VP-Finance




Dr. Vishal K. Gupta 
CSO, Senior Vice President-Research & Development




Mr. Jeffrey D. Nornhold 
Senior Vice President-Technical Operations




Mr. Douglas S. Boothe 
President-Generics Division




Mr. Goff  Baker 
Senior Vice President-Global Quality




Mr. Brandon  Smith 
Senior VP-Corporate Development & Strategy




Mr. Michael J. Nestor 
President-Impax Pharmaceuticals Division




Ms. Deborah M. Penza 
Chief Compliance Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. J. Kevin Buchi 
Director




Mr. Richard A. Bierly 
Director




Mr. Mark J. Donohue 
VP-Investor Relations & Communications




Ms. Donna M. Hughes 
Senior Vice President-Human Resources




Mr. Mark A. Schlossberg 
Secretary, Senior Vice President & General Counsel




Mr. Robert L. Burr 
Chairman




Ms. Janet S. Vergis 
Independent Director




Mr. Peter R. Terreri 
Independent Director




Dr. Leslie Z. Benet 
Independent Director




Dr. Allen Y. Chao 
Independent Director




Ms. Mary K. Pendergast 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




8:05 PM EDT
July 21, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:41pGoodbye, Sean Spicer: Memorable Moments From the Podium  
7:18pHow to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay
6:59pAmazon, Whole Foods look to head off lengthy deal review
6:45pHawaii adopts emergency plan for North Korea missile attack
6:24p California Wildfire Destroys Homes Near Yosemite
6:20pSpicer Quits as Scaramucci Accepts White House Job
6:20pWhy you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 
6:09pIf you’re reading this, you have a 19.3% chance of being rich
6:07p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
6:06pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
6:06pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly walk out — what should you do next?
5:37pA History of Sears: Through Highs and Lows
5:13pAre you a money bully?
5:10pHow real-estate TV shows determine what home buyers look for and what to do if you decide to quit your job like Sean Spicer
5:07pBREAKINGWall Street's 'fear gauge'--the VIX--just logged its second-lowest close in history
5:06pWhy it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
5:06pThis is what should really worry you about stocks
5:04pBeware of the curse of the number 7 in the stock market 
5:00pS&P 500, Nasdaq post weekly gains as stock market finishes session lower
4:52pTwo-thirds of U.S. investors think stocks are overvalued
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































	Impax Laboratories Inc. - Impax Announces Appointment of J. Kevin Buchi to Board of Directors














































Investor Relations
|
Media Center
|
Careers
|
Contact















HomeOur CompanyOur ExperienceOur DivisionsMedia Center











Media Center







Media Center






Media Center





Press Releases






Download Library









Media CenterPress ReleasesDownload LibraryMedia Center





Home»Media Center»Press Releases»Press Release






Press Release

<< Back

Impax Announces Appointment of J. Kevin Buchi to Board of Directors


11/28/2016

Download this Press Release (PDF)



HAYWARD, Calif., Nov. 28, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Impax Laboratories, Inc. (NASDAQ: IPXL) announced today that J. Kevin Buchi was appointed to the Impax Board of Directors on November 23. Mr. Buchi, 61, currently serves as President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of TetraLogic Pharmaceuticals Corporation. 
"We are pleased to welcome Kevin to our Board," said Robert L. Burr, Chairman of the Board of Impax Laboratories. "Kevin brings a great deal of pharmaceutical experience as an accomplished executive and director. He will provide valuable insights and perspective with respect to our operations, strategy and corporate governance."
Prior to joining TetraLogic Pharmaceuticals in August 2013, Mr. Buchi served as Corporate Vice President of Global Branded Products at Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited from 2011 to May 2012. Before joining Teva, he was Chief Executive Officer of Cephalon, Inc., which was acquired by Teva in October 2011. Mr. Buchi joined Cephalon in 1991 and held various leadership positions, including Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer, before becoming Cephalon's Chief Executive Officer in December 2010. 
In addition to being a director of TetraLogic Pharmaceuticals, Mr. Buchi has since 2013 served as a director of Benitec Biopharma Ltd., a NASDAQ listed biotechnology company headquartered in Australia. He has extensive experience as a director having previously served on the board of a number of pharmaceutical companies including EPIRUS Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., Alexza Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Forward Pharma A/S. 
Mr. Buchi received his B.A. degree in Chemistry from Cornell University and a Masters of Management degree from the J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management, Northwestern University.  
"Safe Harbor" statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995:
To the extent any statements made in this news release contain information that is not historical; these statements are forward-looking in nature and express the beliefs and expectations of management. Such statements are based on current expectations and involve a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the Company's future results, performance, or achievements to differ significantly from the results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: fluctuations in revenues and operating income; the Company's ability to successfully develop and commercialize pharmaceutical products in a timely manner; reductions or loss of business with any significant customer; the substantial portion of the Company's total revenues derived from sales of a limited number of products; the impact of consolidation of the Company's customer base; the impact of competition; the Company's ability to sustain profitability and positive cash flows; any delays or unanticipated expenses in connection with the operation of the Company's manufacturing facilities; the effect of foreign economic, political, legal, and other risks on the Company's operations abroad; the uncertainty of patent litigation and other legal proceedings; the increased government scrutiny on the Company's agreements with brand pharmaceutical companies; product development risks and the difficulty of predicting FDA filings and approvals; consumer acceptance and demand for new pharmaceutical products; the impact of market perceptions of the Company and the safety and quality of the Company's products; the Company's determinations to discontinue the manufacture and distribution of certain products; the Company's ability to achieve returns on its investments in research and development activities; changes to FDA approval requirements; the Company's ability to successfully conduct clinical trials; the Company's reliance on third parties to conduct clinical trials and testing; the Company's lack of a license partner for commercialization of NUMIENTTM (IPX066) outside of the United States; impact of illegal distribution and sale by third parties of counterfeits or stolen products; the availability of raw materials and impact of interruptions in the Company's supply chain; the Company's policies regarding returns, allowances and chargebacks; the use of controlled substances in the Company's products; the effect of current economic conditions on the Company's  industry, business, results of operations and financial condition; disruptions or failures in the Company's information technology systems and network infrastructure caused by third party breaches or other events; the Company's reliance on alliance and collaboration agreements; the Company's reliance on licenses to proprietary technologies; the Company's dependence on certain employees; the Company's ability to comply with legal and regulatory requirements governing the healthcare industry; the regulatory environment; the effect of certain provisions in the Company's government contracts; the Company's ability to protect its intellectual property; exposure to product liability claims; risks relating to goodwill and intangibles; changes in tax regulations; the Company's ability to manage growth, including through potential acquisitions and investments;  the risks related to the Company's acquisitions of or investments in technologies, products or businesses; the restrictions imposed by the Company's credit facility and indenture; the Company's level of indebtedness and liabilities and the potential impact  on cash flow available for operations; uncertainties involved in the preparation of the Company's financial statements; the Company's ability to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting; the effect of terrorist attacks on the Company's business; the location of the Company's manufacturing and research and development facilities near earthquake fault lines; expansion of social media platforms and other risks described in the Company's periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements speak only as to the date on which they are made, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statement, regardless of whether new information becomes available, future developments occur or otherwise.
About Impax Laboratories, Inc.Impax Laboratories, Inc. (Impax) is a specialty pharmaceutical company applying its formulation expertise and drug delivery technology to the development of controlled-release and specialty generics in addition to the development of central nervous system disorder branded products. Impax markets its generic products through its Impax Generics division and markets its branded products through its Impax Specialty Pharma division. Additionally, where strategically appropriate, Impax develops marketing partnerships to fully leverage its technology platforms and pursues partnership opportunities that offer alternative dosage form technologies, such as injectables, nasal sprays, inhalers, patches, creams and ointments. For more information, please visit the Company's Web site at: www.impaxlabs.com.
Company Contacts:Mark DonohueInvestor Relations and Corporate Communications(215) 558-4526www.impaxlabs.com
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/impax-announces-appointment-of-j-kevin-buchi-to-board-of-directors-300368792.html
SOURCE  Impax Laboratories, Inc.








Related Links

Products and Pipeline
Leadership
Contact




Investor Toolkit



Email Page
RSS Feeds
E-mail Alerts
















        Copyright © 2017 Impax Laboratories, Inc. All rights reserved.
    



Sitemap
|
Legal and Copyright Disclaimer






Name*


First Name is required.




E-mail*


Email is required.




Comments







Enter Text:




 





Enter the code shown above.



*




Invalid!







Powered By Q4 Inc. 4.5.0.5
















Impax Announces Appointment of J. Kevin Buchi to Board of DirectorsHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.54-0.91 (-0.04%)Dow 3021,580.07-31.71 (-0.15%)Nasdaq6,387.75-2.25 (-0.04%)LISTENAetna's CEO Mark Bertolini on the future of the health care systemBertolini shares how a life-threatening injury shaped his views on health care.Impax Announces Appointment of J. Kevin Buchi to Board of DirectorsPR NewswireNovember 28, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareHAYWARD, Calif., Nov. 28, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Impax Laboratories, Inc. (IPXL) announced today that J. Kevin Buchi was appointed to the Impax Board of Directors on November 23. Mr. Buchi, 61, currently serves as President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of TetraLogic Pharmaceuticals Corporation."We are pleased to welcome Kevin to our Board," said Robert L. Burr, Chairman of the Board of Impax Laboratories. "Kevin brings a great deal of pharmaceutical experience as an accomplished executive and director. He will provide valuable insights and perspective with respect to our operations, strategy and corporate governance."Prior to joining TetraLogic Pharmaceuticals in August 2013, Mr. Buchi served as Corporate Vice President of Global Branded Products at Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited from 2011 to May 2012. Before joining Teva, he was Chief Executive Officer of Cephalon, Inc., which was acquired by Teva in October 2011. Mr. Buchi joined Cephalon in 1991 and held various leadership positions, including Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer, before becoming Cephalon's Chief Executive Officer in December 2010.In addition to being a director of TetraLogic Pharmaceuticals, Mr. Buchi has since 2013 served as a director of Benitec Biopharma Ltd., a NASDAQ listed biotechnology company headquartered in Australia. He has extensive experience as a director having previously served on the board of a number of pharmaceutical companies including EPIRUS Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., Alexza Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Forward Pharma A/S.Mr. Buchi received his B.A. degree in Chemistry from Cornell University and a Masters of Management degree from the J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management, Northwestern University. "Safe Harbor" statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995:To the extent any statements made in this news release contain information that is not historical; these statements are forward-looking in nature and express the beliefs and expectations of management. Such statements are based on current expectations and involve a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the Company's future results, performance, or achievements to differ significantly from the results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: fluctuations in revenues and operating income; the Company's ability to successfully develop and commercialize pharmaceutical products in a timely manner; reductions or loss of business with any significant customer; the substantial portion of the Company's total revenues derived from sales of a limited number of products; the impact of consolidation of the Company's customer base; the impact of competition; the Company's ability to sustain profitability and positive cash flows; any delays or unanticipated expenses in connection with the operation of the Company's manufacturing facilities; the effect of foreign economic, political, legal, and other risks on the Company's operations abroad; the uncertainty of patent litigation and other legal proceedings; the increased government scrutiny on the Company's agreements with brand pharmaceutical companies; product development risks and the difficulty of predicting FDA filings and approvals; consumer acceptance and demand for new pharmaceutical products; the impact of market perceptions of the Company and the safety and quality of the Company's products; the Company's determinations to discontinue the manufacture and distribution of certain products; the Company's ability to achieve returns on its investments in research and development activities; changes to FDA approval requirements; the Company's ability to successfully conduct clinical trials; the Company's reliance on third parties to conduct clinical trials and testing; the Company's lack of a license partner for commercialization of NUMIENTTM (IPX066) outside of the United States; impact of illegal distribution and sale by third parties of counterfeits or stolen products; the availability of raw materials and impact of interruptions in the Company's supply chain; the Company's policies regarding returns, allowances and chargebacks; the use of controlled substances in the Company's products; the effect of current economic conditions on the Company's  industry, business, results of operations and financial condition; disruptions or failures in the Company's information technology systems and network infrastructure caused by third party breaches or other events; the Company's reliance on alliance and collaboration agreements; the Company's reliance on licenses to proprietary technologies; the Company's dependence on certain employees; the Company's ability to comply with legal and regulatory requirements governing the healthcare industry; the regulatory environment; the effect of certain provisions in the Company's government contracts; the Company's ability to protect its intellectual property; exposure to product liability claims; risks relating to goodwill and intangibles; changes in tax regulations; the Company's ability to manage growth, including through potential acquisitions and investments;  the risks related to the Company's acquisitions of or investments in technologies, products or businesses; the restrictions imposed by the Company's credit facility and indenture; the Company's level of indebtedness and liabilities and the potential impact  on cash flow available for operations; uncertainties involved in the preparation of the Company's financial statements; the Company's ability to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting; the effect of terrorist attacks on the Company's business; the location of the Company's manufacturing and research and development facilities near earthquake fault lines; expansion of social media platforms and other risks described in the Company's periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements speak only as to the date on which they are made, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statement, regardless of whether new information becomes available, future developments occur or otherwise.Read MoreAbout Impax Laboratories, Inc.Impax Laboratories, Inc. (Impax) is a specialty pharmaceutical company applying its formulation expertise and drug delivery technology to the development of controlled-release and specialty generics in addition to the development of central nervous system disorder branded products. Impax markets its generic products through its Impax Generics division and markets its branded products through its Impax Specialty Pharma division. Additionally, where strategically appropriate, Impax develops marketing partnerships to fully leverage its technology platforms and pursues partnership opportunities that offer alternative dosage form technologies, such as injectables, nasal sprays, inhalers, patches, creams and ointments. For more information, please visit the Company's Web site at: www.impaxlabs.com.Company Contacts:Mark Donohue Investor Relations and Corporate Communications (215) 558-4526 www.impaxlabs.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/impax-announces-appointment-of-j-kevin-buchi-to-board-of-directors-300368792.htmlReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextKeyCorp CEO Beth Mooney says economic stimulus will have 'a coiled-spring effect' on banks' capitalCNBCWeyerhaeuser will spend millions to fix stinky wood in homesPuget Sound Business JournalComing soon to Amazon: Alexa-enabled Kenmore fridges and washing machinesDigital TrendsMarissa Mayer wants 'CEO' atop her resume again after end of Yahoo, but Uber silent so far: reportSiliconBeatSoftBank CEO sees massive data, AI as key to future advancesAssociated PressTrump administration pulls health law help in 18 citiesAssociated PressShort-sellers have lost $7.1 billion betting against this year's hottest tech stocksYahoo FinanceI tried the 'Atkins on steroids' diet for 2 months — and it made me feel invincibleBusiness InsiderGlaxoSmithKline's new CEO prepares to trim drug pipelineReutersAetna CEO Bertolini: How tech plays into the future of healthcareYahoo Finance VideoStocks back off from record highsYahoo FinanceThe CIA director just dropped some heavy hints that the US is looking into regime change in North KoreaBusiness InsiderThe pizza-making robots that want to change the worldDavid PogueOne month after Tim Tebow's ridiculed promotion, he is on fireBusiness InsiderAetna CEO Bertolini: Why he pays his employees to sleepYahoo Finance VideoWhat Harlem thinks about Whole Foods coming to the neighborhoodYahoo FinanceSix months into America's nightmare, how likely is Trump's impeachment? | Richard WolffeRon: The NIGHTMARE is only for the liberals, and I hope it gets worse every day for them. President Trump is doing exactly what we elected to do.Join the Conversation1 / 52.1k












Encysive Pharmaceuticals Appoints J. Kevin Buchi to Board of Directors 









































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













Encysive Pharmaceuticals Appoints J. Kevin Buchi to Board of Directors




















June 23, 2004 07:00 ET

 | Source: Encysive Pharmaceuticals Inc.






HOUSTON, June 23, 2004 (PRIMEZONE) -- Encysive Pharmaceuticals (Nasdaq:ENCY) today announced that J. Kevin Buchi, 49, has been elected to the Company's Board of Directors and appointed to serve on the Audit Committee. Mr. Buchi's appointment brings to 11 the number of directors.


Mr. Buchi is Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Cephalon, Inc. Mr. Buchi has helped guide Cephalon through several financings, product and company acquisitions, and in the development and execution of successful growth strategies. Prior to Cephalon, Mr. Buchi held positions at E.I. duPont de Nemours and Company, PricewaterhouseCoopers, and Eastman Kodak Co. Mr. Buchi holds a BA in Chemistry from Cornell University and an MBA from Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University. He is also a Certified Public Accountant.


"Kevin's extensive experience and success in the biotechnology industry will be invaluable as we move closer towards the commercialization of Thelin(tm), our lead product candidate in Phase III development for pulmonary arterial hypertension," said John M. Pietruski, Chairman of the Board of Encysive Pharmaceuticals. "We are pleased to welcome Kevin to the Board and will look to his expertise in the coming months and years."


About Encysive Pharmaceuticals


Encysive Pharmaceuticals Inc., a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of novel drugs, is recognized for our expertise in small molecule drug development and vascular biology. Argatroban, our first FDA-approved product, is being marketed by GlaxoSmithKline for heparin-induced thrombocytopenia. Encysive Pharmaceuticals is in Phase III development of the endothelin antagonist, Thelin, for pulmonary arterial hypertension. Our majority-owned affiliate, Revotar Biopharmaceuticals AG, is in Phase II development with the selectin antagonist bimosiamose in asthma, psoriasis and atopic dermatitis. Encysive Pharmaceuticals has several other research and development programs ongoing for a range of cardiovascular and inflammatory diseases. To learn more about Encysive Pharmaceuticals please visit our web site: www.encysive.com.


This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks, trends and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Among those risks, trends and uncertainties are timing and cost of our clinical trials, attainment of research and clinical goals and milestones of product candidates, attainment of required government approvals, sales levels of our products and availability of financing, and revenues sufficient to fund development of product candidates and operations. In particular, careful consideration should be given to cautionary statements made in the various reports Encysive Pharmaceuticals, including as Texas Biotechnology Corporation, has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The company undertakes no duty to update or revise these forward-looking statements.


The Encysive Pharmaceuticals Inc. company logo can be found at  http://media.primezone.com/prs/single/?pkgid=843

Media 
BMC Communications 
Daniel Budwick 
(212) 477-9007, Ext. 14

Investors
Encysive Pharmaceuticals  
Ann Tanabe 
(713) 796-8822

The Trout Group  
Hershel Berry
(415) 392-3385



Related Articles
other press releases by Encysive Pharmaceuticals Inc.


UPDATE -- Encysive Pharmaceuticals Reports Fourth Quarter and Year End 2007 Financial Results
March 21, 2008 07:00


Encysive Pharmaceuticals Reports Fourth Quarter and Year End 2007 Financial Results
March 17, 2008 17:19


Encysive Pharmaceuticals Announces Date Change for Reporting 2007 Year-End Financials
February 22, 2008 07:00


Encysive Pharmaceuticals Launches THELIN (Sitaxentan Sodium) in Sweden
January 31, 2008 02:00


Encysive Pharmaceuticals Launches THELIN (sitaxentan sodium) in Belgium and Luxembourg
January 14, 2008 02:00






238



other news releases in

Directors and Officers

in the last 30 days
                            











Profile

Encysive Pharmaceuticals Inc.





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Houston, Texas, UNITED STATES
  http://www.encysive.com




Contact Data
Media 
BMC Communications 
Daniel Budwick 
(212) 477-9007, Ext. 14

Investors
Encysive Pharmaceuticals  
Ann Tanabe 
(713) 796-8822

The Trout Group  
Hershel Berry
(415) 392-3385







Media Files



Encysive Pharmaceuticals Inc.






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        








Tags
 PHARMACEUTICALS
BIOTECHNOLOGY
MANAGEMENT CHANGES














Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.



























j kevin buchi - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










We Found Kevin Buchi | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com



1) Kevin Buchi's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info




Web Results

J. Kevin Buchi BE, MBA, CPA: Executive Profile & Biography ...

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/person.asp?...


Mr. J. Kevin Buchi, BE, MBA, CPA, served as Interim Chief Executive Officer and Interim President of Impax Laboratories, Inc. from December 19, 2016 to ...


J. Kevin Buchi (Malvern, Pennsylvania) on LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/in/j-kevin-buchi-937104111


View J. Kevin Buchi’s professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like J. Kevin Buchi discover inside ...


J. Kevin Buchi - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and ...

people.equilar.com/bio/j.-kevin-buchi-tetralogic-pharmaceuticals/...


View J. Kevin Buchi, Dir., Interim President and Chief Executive Officer at Impax Laboratories, Inc., Hayward, CA, executive profile on Equilar Atlas to see current ...


J. Kevin Buchi - Browse Jobs by Salary Ranges - Salary.com

www1.salary.com/J-Kevin-Buchi-Salary-Bonus-Stock-Options-for-TETRA...


Salary, bonuses, stock options, stock awards and other compensation for J. Kevin Buchi , President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director at TETRALOGIC PHARMACEUTICALS.


Mr. J. Kevin Buchi - Executive Bio & Compensation History

executives.findthecompany.com/l/69596/Mr-J-Kevin-Buchi


Find compensation and employment information for Mr. J. Kevin Buchi (Tetralogic Pharmaceutical), including salary, stock awards, and previous employers.


Alexza Pharmaceuticals Appoints J. Kevin Buchi To Its ...

https://www.thestreet.com/story/11803449/1/alexza-pharmaceuticals...


MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif., Jan. 3, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Alexza Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq: ALXA) announced today that J. Kevin Buchi has been appointed to its Board of ...


Impax Announces Appointment of J. Kevin Buchi to Board of ...

investors.impaxlabs.com/Media-Center/Press-Releases/Press-Release...


Impax Laboratories, Inc. (NASDAQ: IPXL) announced today that J. Kevin Buchi was appointed to the Impax Board of Directors on November 23 . Mr. Buchi, 61, currently ...


Compensation Information for J. Kevin Buchi , Interim ...

www1.salary.com/J-Kevin-Buchi-Salary-Bonus-Stock-Options-for-IMPAX...


Salary, bonuses, stock options, stock awards and other compensation for J. Kevin Buchi , Interim President and Chief Executive Officer at IMPAX LABORATORIES INC. How ...


IPXL J. Kevin Buchi Insider Trades for Impax Laboratories Inc.

www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/IPXL/insiders?pid=98366598


IPXL Stock Quote, and financial news from the leading provider and award-winning MarketWatch.com.


Leadership | Impax Laboratories, Inc.

www.impaxlabs.com/our_company/leadership


Gupta held several leadership positions with increasing responsibilities over almost 20 years at ALZA/JnJ. Dr. Gupta made significant contributions to ... J. Kevin Buchi.










We Found Kevin Buchi | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com



1) Kevin Buchi's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info



12345Next






Answers







Kevin J. Dooley



Marshall Scott Poole, Andrew H. Van de Ven, and Kevin Dooley, (2000) Organizational Change and Innovation Theory and Methods for Research. New Oxford...

more






Kevin J. Miyazaki



Kevin J. Miyazaki is a graphic designer, photographer, and educator based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He attended Drake University in Des Moines, Iowa,...

more






J. Kevin Dorsey



J. Kevin Dorsey (born New York, New York) was the Dean, Provost and Professor of Internal Medicine of the Southern Illinois University School of...

more










News Results






Kevin J. Bishop saving the world



This ain't Hell, but you can see...

 - Jul 15


Chief Tango send us a link to the story of National Guard Staff Sergeant and Alabama Corrections Captain Kevin J. Bishop who was awarded the Soldier’s...

more





Iverify Appoints Kevin J. Thomas as Chief...



Automotive

 - Jul 17


We welcome a CMO of Kevin’s caliber to our team, representing Iverify’s commitment to its strategy of growth and pursuing new market opportunities....

more





(Kevin Schaul and Kevin Uhrmacher/Post)



DC Sports Bog

 - 23 hrs ago


After six months in office, President Trump remains behind on filling the government with political appointees to oversee core government functions and...

more


















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.








