

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















Nancy K. Buese CPA: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 4:49 AM ET
Metals and Mining

Company Overview of Newmont Mining Corporation



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Nancy K. Buese CPAChief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Newmont Mining CorporationAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 0 Board Members in 0 different organizations across 8 different industries.47$4,163,881As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Ms. Nancy K. Buese, CPA, has been the Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President at Newmont Mining Corporation since October 31, 2016. Ms. Buese worked in public accounting for 12 years. She has 25 years of experience in finance leadership roles. She served as the Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of MPLX GP LLC, General Partner of MPLX LP from December 04, 2015 to November 1, 2016. She served as the Chief Financial Officer at Markwest Energy ... GP, L.L.C. the General Partner of MarkWest Energy Partners, L.P. from October 27, 2006 to December 4, 2015 and served as its Chief Accounting Officer since November 9, 2005, Executive Vice President until December 4, 2015 and Senior Vice President since November 9, 2005. She served as the Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President of MarkWest Energy GP from November 2005 to December 2015 and also served as its Chief Financial Officer from October 27, 2006 to December 2015. She served as a Partner with Ernst & Young. She served as the Chief Accounting Officer of MarkWest Energy G P at MarkWest Hydrocarbon, Inc. from November 2005 to December 2015 and also served as its Chief Financial Officer from October 2006 to December 2015. She served as Acting Chief Financial Officer of MarkWest Hydrocarbon, Inc. since October 1, 2006. She served as an Acting Chief Financial Officer at MarkWest Energy Partners, L.P. from September 2006 to October 27, 2006. She joined MarkWest with a wealth of experience in accounting, taxation, securities law and management. She joined MarkWest from Abbott Laboratories, where she served as Chief Financial Officer of Experimental and Applied Sciences, Inc. (EAS), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Ohio-based Ross Products Division. She served as the Chief Accounting Officer of MarkWest Hydrocarbon since November 9, 2005. She served as Vice President of Taxation at TransMontaigne, Inc. She served as an Independent Director of UMB Financial Corporation since October 2009 until April 25, 2017. Along with her professional accomplishments, she has served her community as an active volunteer firefighter and Emergency Medical Technician for several years. She served as an Independent Director of ZeaChem, Inc. since November 30, 2011. Ms. Buese is a licensed Certified Public Accountant in the State of Colorado and earned a B.S. in Accounting and Business Administration from the University of Kansas.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
6363 South Fiddler's Green CircleGreenwood Village, Colorado 80111United StatesPhone: 303-863-7414Fax: 303-837-5837
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
BS University of KansasBSBA University of Kansas
Other Affiliations
UMB Financial CorporationMarkWest Hydrocarbon, Inc.MarkWest Energy Partners, L.P.MarkWest Energy GP, L.L.C.University of KansasZeaChem, Inc.MPLX LPMPLX GP LLC


Annual Compensation
Salary$90,865Bonus$1,341,150Total Annual Compensation$1,432,015
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$2,599,992All Other Compensation$3,332
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$1,550,637Total Short Term Compensation$1,432,015Other Long Term Compensation$2,603,324Total Calculated Compensation$4,163,881




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationKelvin P. M. Dushnisky B.Sc. (Hon.), M.Sc., LL.B., J.D.President and Non-Independent DirectorBarrick Gold Corporation$905.8KRichard C. Adkerson Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentFreeport-McMoRan Inc.$2.3MSvein Richard Brandtzæg Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Corporate Management BoardNorsk Hydro ASA$8.7MVladimir Olegovich Potanin Chairman of Management Board and PresidentPublic Joint Stock Company Mining and Metallurgical Company Norilsk Nickel--Octavio  Alvidréz Chief Executive OfficerFresnillo PLC$985.0KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Newmont Mining Corporation, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Nancy K. Buese – CFO Moves 





































CFO MovesTracking CFO Movement Across the USA
CFO Moves – week ending October 28, 2016
Posted on October 31, 2016 Written by Samuel Dergel Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



The Sherwin-Williams Company
Nordstrom
Gigamon Inc.


Rocket Fuel, Inc.
ALLETE, Inc.
MagneGas Corporation


Oaktree Capital Group, LLC
USA Truck, Inc.
The Mountain


Source Support Services
Systems Planning and Analysis, Inc.
TruWest


Energy Hunter Resources, Inc.
Cliffs Natural Resources Inc.
NetBrain Technologies Inc


Newmont Mining Corporation
Varian Medical Systems
Magnum Hunter Resources Corporation


Demandbase
MISSION
EXCO Resources, Inc.


DataGravity
PlanSource
Black Stone Minerals, L.P.


AltheaDx, Inc
Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc.
Stratix


Viega LLC
Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, Inc.
Sientra, Inc.


Gladstone Commercial Corporation
MINDBODY, Inc.
Diversified Restaurant Holdings, Inc.


ITUS Corporation
Agilysys, Inc.
Ellie Mae


Diplomat Pharmacy, Inc.





Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
NEW: CFO Search Report available monthly to CFOs only. Read more here.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search). Samuel can be reached by email at samuel@dergelcfo.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Al Mistysyn
Sherwin-Williams Company [CLEVELAND] (NYSE: SHW) announced that its Board of Directors has elected Allen J. Mistysyn to serve as Senior Vice President – Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Mistysyn has served as Sherwin-Williams’ Senior Vice President – Corporate Controller since October 2014 and will assume the CFO duties currently held by Sean P. Hennessy. Mr. Hennessy will remain with the Company in the role of Senior Vice President – Corporate Planning, Development and Administration. Mr. Mistysyn has held a variety of operational and corporate finance leadership positions since joining Sherwin-Williams in June 1990. Prior to his appointment as Senior Vice President – Corporate Controller, he served as Vice President – Corporate Controller from May 2010 to October 2014. Mr. Mistysyn also served as Vice President – Assistant Corporate Controller from August 2009 to May 2010, Vice President – Controller, Paint and Coatings Division from November 2006 to August 2009, and Vice President – Controller, Consumer Division from February 2003 to November 2006. Additionally, Mr. Mistysyn served in various roles in our Paint Stores Group and Product Finishes Division.
Nordstrom [SEATTLE] announced that Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mike Koppel has shared his plans to retire from the company in spring 2017. Koppel joined Nordstrom in 1999 and has been the company’s Chief Financial Officer since 2001.
Gigamon Inc. [SANTA CLARA, Calif.] (NYSE: GIMO) announced that Rex S. Jackson is joining the company as chief financial officer. Rex previously served as CFO for four public companies including Rocket Fuel, JDS Uniphase, Symyx and Synopsys. He replaces Mike Burns, Gigamon’s CFO since July 2014.
Rocket Fuel, Inc. [REDWOOD CITY, Calif.] (NASDAQ: FUEL) announced that Stephen Snyder will join the company as its Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Snyder takes over from interim CFO Henrik Gerdes, who will resume his role as Vice President, Corporate Controller and Treasurer. Mr. Snyder previously served as CFO for Trilliant. Prior to that, he spent eight years at Adobe Systems, most recently as VP of Finance in the office of the CFO and before that as VP and GM for Adobe’s Channel Sales business. He also spent 13 years with Hewlett Packard in a series of increasingly senior global finance roles.
ALLETE, Inc. [DULUTH, Minn.] (NYSE: ALE) Chief Risk Officer and Senior Vice President of Energy-Centric Businesses Bob Adams has been promoted to ALLETE Chief Financial Officer. He will replace current CFO Steve DeVinck, who recently announced his intention to retire in the spring of 2017. Adams joined the Duluth-based company in 1987 as a financial analyst. He was named chief risk officer and vice president of business development in 2008, promoted to vice president of energy-centric businesses in 2014 and added the title of senior vice president of energy-centric businesses in 2015. The role of CFO is familiar to Adams, having served in that capacity in the past for Minnesota Power and Split Rock Energy.
Scott Mahoney
MagneGas Corporation [TAMPA, Florida] (NASDAQ: MNGA) announced the appointment of Scott Mahoney to the positions of Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of the Company. Luisa Ingargiola, the Company’s current CFO, will remain on the Board of Directors and will remain actively involved in operations and capital markets activities for the Company. Prior to joining MagneGas, Mr. Mahoney served as Chief Financial Officer of Phoenix Group Metals, LLC. He has also served as Chief Financial Officer of several oil and gas companies and as Vice-President of JP Morgan Chase.
Oaktree Capital Group, LLC [LOS ANGELES] (NYSE: OAK) announced that David Kirchheimer has decided to retire as Oaktree’s Chief Financial Officer and member of its Board of Directors. He will transition to serving as an Advisory Partner for the firm. Daniel Levin, Managing Director, Head of Corporate Finance and Chief Product Officer, will assume the role of Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Oaktree in 2011, Mr. Levin was a Vice President in the Investment Banking Division at Goldman, Sachs & Co.
USA Truck, Inc. [VAN BUREN, Ark.] (NASDAQ: USAK) announced the appointment of James D. Reed as chief financial officer. Mr. Reed joins USA Truck from Interstate Distributor Company, where he served as CFO of Interstate and as president of its subsidiary Interstate Distributor Logistics. Mr. Reed joined Interstate in 2012 and served for a time as its senior vice president, sales. Prior to joining Interstate, Mr. Reed was senior director, finance and division CFO for EMC Corporation. Mr. Reed began his career with Intel Corporation in 1997.
Will Wescott
The Mountain [KEENE, N.H.] has announced that Will Wescott has joined the company as Chief Financial Officer.
Steve Snyder
Source Support Services [LAWRENCEVILLE, Ga.] announced it has appointed Steve Snyder as its new chief financial officer. Snyder started his career with accounting firm KPMG. He then accumulated nearly 20 years of experience as the CFO of several public and private high-tech companies: Digi International; Gearworks, Inc.; X-IO Technologies, and Ancor Communications.
Systems Planning and Analysis, Inc. [ALEXANDRIA, Va.] has named Alan R. Stewart Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining SPA, Mr. Stewart was the CFO for Vistronix. Before that, Mr. Stewart served as the CFO for Oceus Networks and ICF International.
TruWest [CLEVELAND] announced the hiring of new Chief Financial Officer Brent R. Leslie. Mr. Leslie joins TruWest from the Port of Cleveland. Mr. Leslie began his career at professional services firm PricewaterHouseCoopers LLP in Washington, DC.
Energy Hunter Resources, Inc. [DALLAS] announced that its Board of Directors has appointed Roger Burks as Interim Chief Financial Officer. Roger Burks is currently executive managing director and CEO of WG Consulting, LLC. He has experience from over 20 years with Deloitte & Touche and 14 years as a senior executive in the energy industry.
Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. [CLEVELAND] (NYSE: CLF) announced that it has appointed Eric M. Rychel to its Board of Directors. Mr. Rychel is Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Aleris Corporation. He joined Aleris in 2012. Mr. Rychel was a managing director in the Industrials Group at Barclays Capital, Inc. between 2010 and 2012. Prior to that, Mr. Rychel was a managing director at Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc., from 1998 to 2009. Mr. Rychel began his career as an analyst at LSG Advisors.
NetBrain Technologies Inc. [BURLINGTON, Mass.] announced the addition of Jeffery Basile as Chief Financial Officer. Previously, Jeff served as Chief Financial Officer for PeopleFluent. Jeff began his career as senior auditor at Coopers & Lybrand and held the positions of Corporate Controller and Vice President of Finance at high-tech companies including Starent Networks, Viisage Technology, and Aspect Software.
Newmont Mining Corporation [DENVER] (NYSE: NEM) has appointed Nancy K. Buese to succeed Laurie Brlas as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) as part of a planned transition. Ms. Buese most recently served as Executive Vice President and CFO for MPLX. Prior to MPLX’s acquisition of MarkWest Energy Partners in 2015, Ms. Buese served for 11 years as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of MarkWest. Ms. Buese also is a former Partner with Ernst & Young.
Varian Medical Systems [PALO ALTO, Calif.] (NYSE: VAR) announced that Elisha W. Finney has informed the company of her intention to retire as executive vice president and chief financial officer.
Magnum Hunter Resources Corporation [IRVING, TX] announced that the Company has appointed Michael R. Koy as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Magnum Hunter, Mr. Koy served as Chief Executive Officer of Denali Energy, LLC since 2014. Prior to his service at Denali Energy, Mr. Koy held several positions at EdgeMarc Energy, LLC. Mr. Koy served in various midstream and business development leadership roles at EdgeMarc Energy, prior to his appointment as its Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Koy began his career at BP in 1995. After a brief time with Maersk Oil in Copenhagen, Denmark, Mr. Koy joined Talisman Energy Inc. in 2009 as Vice President – Commercial for the North America Organization.
Demandbase [SAN FRANCISCO] announced that Tony Russo has joined the company as Chief Financial Officer. Before joining Demandbase, he served as CFO at Moovweb, and Efficient Frontier.
MISSION [NEW YORK] announced the promotion of Michael Abbott to Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining MISSION, Abbott was the Chief Operating Officer for Specialized Bicycle Components. Previously, he served as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer for Burton Snowboards.
EXCO Resources, Inc. [DALLAS] (NYSE: XCO) announced that Tyler Farquharson, EXCO’s current Vice President of Strategic Planning, will become EXCO’s acting Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, following the departure of Chris Peracchi, EXCO’s current Vice President, acting Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Mr. Farquharson will continue to serve as EXCO’s Vice President of Strategic Planning.
DataGravity [NASHUA, N.H.] announced that Becky Zehr has joined the executive team as chief financial officer. Zehr has held numerous executive leadership positions at emerging companies including OneCloud Software, GTxcel and Exagrid.
PlanSource [ORLANDO, Fla.] announced that Michael Cooper has joined the company as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining PlanSource, Michael served as a senior executive at Filtration Group and CFO at several companies such as Con-Air Industries, Empower Software Solutions, Connextions, and PSS World-Medical. Michael began his financial career at Ernst & Young.
Black Stone Minerals, L.P. [HOUSTON] (NYSE: BSM) announced that Jeffrey P. Wood will assume the role of Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer following the previously announced departure of Marc Carroll. Mr. Wood was most recently Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Siluria Technologies, Inc. Prior to Siluria, Mr. Wood was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Eagle Rock Energy Partners. Prior to Eagle Rock, Mr. Wood spent 11 years at Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc. Mr. Wood started his career in public accounting with Price Waterhouse LLP.
AltheaDx, Inc. [SAN DIEGO] announced the appointment of Andrew Jackson as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining AltheaDx, Mr. Jackson was Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of Celladon Corporation. Prior to Celladon, Mr. Jackson held senior finance positions at various life science and technology companies.
Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. [MINNEAPOLIS] (NASDAQ: BWLD), announced the appointment of Alexander (Alex) H. Ware as executive vice president and chief financial officer (CFO). Prior to joining Buffalo Wild Wings, Ware served as executive chairman of MStar Holding Corp. From 2010 to 2015, Ware served as executive vice president (EVP) of strategic development and senior advisor for the Pohlad Companies. From 2005 until its sale in 2010, he served as EVP and chief financial officer of PepsiAmericas. Previously, Ware served PepsiAmericas as senior vice president, worldwide planning and corporate development. He began his Pepsi career in 1994 and held several progressive roles with PepsiCo, including strategic planning, mergers and acquisitions, and field finance operations. Prior to PepsiCo, Ware was a management consultant with Booz, Allen and Hamilton. Ware began his career in banking with Manufacturers Hanover Trust (now JP Morgan Chase).
Stratix [NORCROSS, Ga.] announced that Jim McCormick will join the company as chief financial officer. McCormick was previously chief financial officer for Silverpop. A certified public accountant and former strategic management consultant with Accenture, McCormick was also chief financial officer for Harbinger and for Knology.
Viega LLC [BROOMFIELD, CO] announced John Sullivan as its new chief financial officer. Prior to joining to Viega, Sullivan worked as the vice president of finance for Applied Water Systems and CFO of Flow Control divisions at Xylem, a director of financial planning and analysis at Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc. and a director of finance at Tufts Health Plan.
Paul Lundstrom
Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, Inc. [SACRAMENTO, Calif.] (NYSE: AJRD) announced that Paul R. Lundstrom will join the company as vice president of Finance and chief financial officer. Lundstrom previously spent 19 years with United Technologies Corporation (UTC), most recently serving as vice president of Investor Relations. In prior positions with UTC, Lundstrom was vice president of finance and CFO for the Building & Industrial Systems and Climate, Controls & Security businesses in Asia. He also served as vice president of finance and CFO for Carrier’s commercial HVAC business in North America. Before moving to Carrier in 2006, Lundstrom served in a variety of finance leadership positions for UTC’s aerospace and defense business, Hamilton Sundstrand.
Sientra, Inc. [SANTA BARBARA, Calif.] (NASDAQ: SIEN)  announced that Patrick F. Williams has been appointed Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, and Treasurer. He succeeds Matthew Pigeon, who is stepping down from his role as Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President. Most recently, Mr. Williams served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at ZELTIQ Aesthetics. Mr. Williams was at ZELTIQ for approximately four years. Prior to ZELTIQ, Mr. Williams served as Vice President of Strategy and Investor Relations, and Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations at NuVasive. Mr. Williams  currently serves on the Board of Directors of Miramar Labs.
Gladstone Commercial Corporation [MCLEAN, Va.] (NASDAQ: GOOD) announced that Michael Sodo has been appointed Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Sodo most recently served as a CFO, Treasurer and Executive Vice President of VEREIT from October 2014 through October 2015.  Mr. Sodo, a Certified Public Accountant, started his career at KPMG in the audit function before spending 11 years at Capital Automotive where he rose to Senior Vice President of Financial Reporting and Treasurer.
MINDBODY, Inc. [SAN LUIS OBISPO, Calif.] (NASDAQ: MB) announced the appointment of Cipora Herman to its Board of Directors. Herman served as Chief Financial Officer for the National Football League’s San Francisco 49ers for four seasons. Prior to joining the 49ers, Herman served as Treasurer and Vice President of Finance at Facebook. Before Facebook, Herman served as Vice President of Finance and Treasurer for Yahoo! and has held finance and banking positions at Siebel Systems (acquired by Oracle), Hewlett-Packard Co., Agilent Technologies and Goldman Sachs.
Diversified Restaurant Holdings, Inc. [SOUTHFIELD, Mich.] (NASDAQ: SAUC) announced that Phyllis A. Knight has joined Diversified Restaurant Holdings as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Ms. Knight most recently served as EVP and CFO of Polar Corporation. Prior to that Ms. Knight spent eleven years at Champion Enterprises, Inc. and Champion Enterprises Holdings, LLC, the bulk of which as EVP and CFO.
ITUS Corporation [LOS ANGELES, CA] (NASDAQ: ITUS), announced that Michael Catelani has joined the company as its new Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Catelani replaces Henry Herms, who will retire at the end of December after 21 years with the company. Previously, Mike cofounded Tacere Therapeutics, Inc., and served as its Chairman, President & Chief Financial Officer until its sale. Prior to Tacere, Mike served on the Board of Directors and was the Chief Financial Officer of Benitec Biopharma Limited. Mike was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Axon Instruments. Previously, he was the Vice President of Finance for Media Arts Group, Inc. Mike has also worked with several early stage start-ups and has served as a contract CFO to a number of established businesses in the biotech field.
Agilysys, Inc. [ALPHARETTA, Ga.] (NASDAQ: AGYS) announced that Chief Financial Officer Janine Seebeck has notified the Company that she is resigning from her position. Tony Pritchett, the Company’s Senior Director of Operations, will serve as Interim CFO until the appointment of a permanent successor. Mr. Pritchett is a certified public accountant who joined Agilysys in 2012 as Controller of the Retail Solutions Group and has subsequently served as the Company’s Controller as well as in his current role as Senior Director of Operations.
Ellie Mae [PLEASANTON, Calif.] (NYSE: ELLI) announced that its CFO, Ed Luce has announced his intention to retire. Matt LaVay, senior vice president of finance, will become CFO. Mr. LaVay joined Ellie Mae in 2012. Prior to joining Ellie Mae, Matt held senior finance positions with Taleo Corporation, Scientific Learning Corporation, Salesforce.com, PeopleSoft, Inc. and Arthur Andersen LLP.
Diplomat Pharmacy, Inc. [FLINT, Mich.] (NYSE: DPLO) announced that Sean Whelan will step down from his role as chief financial officer and a director on Diplomat’s Board of Directors. Robin Johnson, vice president of finance and chief financial officer of Diplomat’s Specialty Infusion Division, will take on an expanded leadership role until a formal replacement has been appointed.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...CFO Moves – week ending October 7, 2016
Posted on October 10, 2016 Written by Samuel Dergel Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Zynga Inc.
Big Switch Networks
Cytovance® Biologics, Inc.


Claire’s Stores, Inc
Advance Auto Parts, Inc.
Wayside Technology Group Inc.


Acorda Therapeutics, Inc.
Florida East Coast Industries
Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.


Armstrong Flooring, Inc.
Healthcare Associates of Texas LLC
Participant Media


Truett-Hurst, Inc
StorageCraft® Technology Corp.
DICK’S Sporting Goods, Inc.


A. Schulman, Inc. 
TriNet Group, Inc.
Relayware


Encina Solutions, LLC
Savage
Premier Commercial Bancorp


Dynatronics Corporation
Eagle Bulk Shipping Inc.
Bar Harbor Bankshares


DAS Group of Companies
Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts
Track Group, Inc.


MPLX LP
Lion Biotechnologies, Inc.
Kareo



Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
NEW: CFO Search Report available monthly to CFOs only. Read more here.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search). Samuel can be reached by email at samuel@dergelcfo.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Gerard Griffin
Zynga Inc. [SAN FRANCISCO] (NASDAQ: ZNGA) announced that the Company has appointed Gerard Griffin as Chief Financial Officer. Before joining Zynga, Griffin spent more than 10 years at Electronic Arts, Inc. Most recently, he served as Senior Vice President of Finance where he was the finance leader for EA’s Studios, Marketing and Publishing organizations. Before that, he spent more than six years in Geneva, Switzerland as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for EA International. Prior to joining EA, Griffin held a number of senior finance roles domestically and internationally at technology and media companies, including NBC and Primedia, as well as in public accounting with KPMG.
Big Switch Networks [SANTA CLARA, CA] announced it has appointed Wendell Laidley as Chief Financial Officer. Laidley was previously VP of Finance, Investor Relations and Treasury at AppDynamics.
Cytovance Biologics, Inc. [OKLAHOMA CITY, OK] announced the appointment of Jenny Chen to Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Cytovance, she was the Corporate Controller for Maxcess International.
Claire’s Stores, Inc. [HOFFMAN ESTATES, Ill] announced the appointment of Scott Huckins, as its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Scott joins Claire’s from Sears Holdings where he served as Vice President, Treasurer and President for Sears Re for the last four years. Prior to that role, he served as Vice President, Treasury, Tax and Investor Relations for RSC Holdings, Inc. Scott has also served in a variety of key executive roles while at Koch Industries for seven years including Chief Financial Officer for their Capital Markets Division as well as President and CEO for Koch Financial Products, LLC.
Advance Auto Parts, Inc. [ROANOKE, Va.] (NYSE: AAP) announced it has appointed Tom Okray as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Okray will succeed Mike Norona, who will remain with the Company in an advisory role until the end of the year. Most recently, Mr. Okray served as Vice President, Finance, Global Customer Fulfillment at Amazon. Prior to joining Amazon, Mr. Okray spent the majority of his career at General Motors (GM) in a variety of finance and supply chain related roles. He was most CFO, Global Product Development, Purchasing & Supply Chain. Prior to that, he held a variety of finance roles supporting GM’s operations, vehicle development, supplier and partner base around the world.
Wayside Technology Group Inc. [EATONTOWN, NJ] (NASDAQ: WSTG) announced that Michael Vesey will join as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Most recently he served as Vice President of SEC Reporting for OTG Management, Inc., from January to September 2016. Prior to that, Mr. Vesey served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2011 to 2015, and Vice President Corporate Controller from 2006 to 2011, for Majesco Entertainment Company. He began his career with the accounting firm KPMG.
Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. [ARDSLEY, N.Y.] (NASDAQ: ACOR) announced that Chief Financial Officer Michael Rogers has left the company. Andrew Hindman, Acorda’s Chief Business Development Officer, has assumed responsibility for Financial Planning and Analysis and Investor Relations. Mr. Rogers will serve as a consultant to the Company through the end of the year as part of this transition.
Florida East Coast Industries [CORAL GABLES, Fla.] announced the hiring of M. Bruce Snyder as Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Snyder most recently served as Senior Vice President of Finance and Accounting for Related Companies. He also held leadership positions with global mining leader Rio Tinto including Chief Financial Officer of Rio Tinto Palabora Mining Company and Chief Financial Officer of Rio Tinto Minerals. His career has also included executive positions with the St. Joe Company, CarrAmerica Realty, and Charles E. Smith Cos.
Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. [HAWTHORNE, N.Y.] (NYSE: TARO) announced the appointment of Mariano Balaguer as Vice President, CFO and Chief Accounting Officer. Mr. Balaguer has nearly 20 years of senior management experience in finance with global companies such as Novartis Consumer Health, Nestle and most recently, the Global Strategic Portfolio Division of Henry Schein.
Armstrong Flooring, Inc. [LANCASTER, Pa.] (NYSE: AFI) announced the appointment of Michael W. Malone to its board of directors. The board also appointed Mr. Malone to its Audit Committee. Mr. Malone served more than 30 years at Polaris Industries Inc., most recently as Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer from January 1997 through July 2015, retiring from the company in March 2016. From January 1997 to January 2010, he also served as Corporate Secretary of Polaris. Mr. Malone was Vice President and Treasurer of Polaris from December 1994 to January 1997 and was Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the predecessor company of Polaris from January 1993 to December 1994. He joined Polaris in 1984 after four years with Arthur Andersen LLP. Since 2011, Mr. Malone has served as a member of the board of directors of Don Stevens LLC.
 
Healthcare Associates of Texas LLC [DALLAS] announced that Jeffrey M. Vines has joined the company as chief financial officer. Vines was previously with Adeptus Health Inc., where he served as vice president of finance and corporate controller.
Andy Kim
Participant Media [LOS ANGELES] has named Andy Kim its Chief Financial Officer. Kim will replace long-time veteran CFO Bob Murphy, who spent nine years at the company. Kim joins Participant from The Weinstein Company, where he has worked since 2005, and served as CFO since 2010. Prior to his tenure at TWC, Kim was Sr. Vice President, Finance, at Miramax Films and Assistant Vice President at Marsh (subsidiary of Marsh & McLennan Companies).
Truett-Hurst, Inc. [HEALDSBURG, Calif.] (NASDAQ: THST) announced the appointment of Evan B. Meyer as Chief Financial Officer, replacing Paul Forgue. Mr. Meyer recently served as the Chief Financial Officer of Avantel SAS. Prior to Avantel, he was the Chief Financial Officer of PaymentOne Corporation in Campbell, California from 2005 to 2015.  Prior to that, he served as Vice President of Finance and Administration at PaymentOne Corporation, from 2000 to 2004.  From 1994 to 1998, he served as Senior Manager and Principal Consultant at Pricewaterhouse Coopers LLP in San Francisco, California.
StorageCraft Technology Corp. [DRAPER, Utah] announced that Matthew Crumley is its new chief financial officer. Prior to joining StorageCraft, Crumley spent six years at inContact, Inc. prior to that, Crumley spent five years at Overstock as the director of accounting and SEC reporting and seven years as the manager of business assurance at PricewaterhouseCoopers.
DICK’S Sporting Goods, Inc. [PITTSBURGH] (NYSE: DKS) announced that Lee J. Belitsky has been appointed Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Belitsky assumes the responsibilities from André Hawaux, the Company’s Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, who has served as the principal financial officer on an interim basis since August 2016. Mr. Hawaux will continue to serve as Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Belitsky joined DICK’S as Vice President, Controller in 1997 and was appointed Treasurer in 2005. Since that time, he has held a number of leadership positions, including Senior Vice President, Distribution/Transportation; Senior Vice President, Store Operations and Distribution/Transportation; Senior Vice President, Strategic Planning and Analysis and Treasury Services; Senior Vice President, Chief Risk and Compliance Officer; and Senior Vice President, Product Development. Most recently, Mr. Belitsky served as Executive Vice President, Product Development and Merchandise Planning, Allocation and Replenishment. Prior to DICK’S, Mr. Belitsky served as Chief Financial Officer for Domain, Inc., from 1993-1997. Prior to that, he spent over seven years with Morse Shoes, Inc., where he rose to Vice President, Controller and Treasurer, and nearly four years in audit at KPMG.
A. Schulman, Inc. [AKRON, Ohio] (NASDAQ: SHLM) announced that John W. Richardson has joined the Company initially as Executive Vice President – Finance. He will succeed Joseph J. Levanduski as Chief Financial Officer on November 1, 2016 to ensure a seamless transition of financial responsibilities. Richardson most recently served as chief financial officer at Qwest Communications International in 2008, having joined the company in 2003 as senior vice president & controller and also serving as chief accounting officer. He had previously served in progressively senior financial roles at Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, including vice president – corporate finance and chief accounting officer, and as chairman and general manager of the company’s British subsidiary, spanning a 35-year career at Goodyear. Richardson retired from Goodyear in 2002.
TriNet Group, Inc. [SAN LEANDRO, Calif.] (NYSE: TNET) announced that its Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Bill Porter, plans to retire from the company after six years of service.
Relayware [JERSEY CITY, N.J. & OXFORD, England] announced that Jennifer Fleissner has been appointed as chief financial officer. Having served as the CFO at four companies prior, Fleissner comes to Relayware from Archive Systems and Soleil Securities.
Encina Solutions, LLC [CORAL GABLES, Fla.] announced the appointment of Charles Costenbader to the position of President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Costenbader brings strong international experience during his work in Shanghai, China as the Chief Operating Officer of Synthesis Energy Systems, Inc. He serves as a member of the Board of Directors for several energy companies in the United States.
Savage [SALT LAKE CITY] announced that Kimo Esplin, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Huntsman Corporation, will be joining the Company’s Board of Directors. Prior to his appointment as Huntsman Corporation’s Chief Financial Officer in 1999, Mr. Esplin served as Huntsman’s Treasurer from 1994 to 1999. He was previously a Vice President in the Investment Banking Division of Bankers Trust Company. Mr. Esplin also serves as a Director of Nutraceutical International Corporation.
Premier Commercial Bancorp [HILLSBORO, OR] (OTC PINK: PRCB) announced that it has hired Jason Wessling, as the new Chief Financial Officer for the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary, Premier Community Bank. He replaces the Company’s prior Chief Financial Officer of eight years, Bob Ekblad, who has transitioned to the role of Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Wessling was a former three year employee of Premier Community Bank.
Dynatronics Corporation [COTTONWOOD HEIGHTS, Utah] (NASDAQ: DYNT) announced the appointment of David A. Wirthlin as Chief Financial Officer (CFO).  Wirthlin will succeed Terry M. Atkinson, who will continue with Dynatronics as Director of Accounting. For 12 years, Wirthlin was Chief Financial Officer of ArmorWorks Enterprises, LLC, from June 2004 until January 2016.  Most recently, Wirthlin worked for ArmorWorks as a consultant on a contract basis.  Mr. Wirthlin previously served as Chief Financial Officer for Integrated Information Systems, Inc. and SkyMall, Inc.  He also brings seven years of public accounting and consulting experience from his time at Arthur Andersen in San Francisco and Salt Lake City.
Eagle Bulk Shipping Inc. [STAMFORD, Conn.] (NASDAQ: EGLE) announced that Frank De Costanzo will join the Company as Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. Mr. De Costanzo succeeds Adir Katzav who has decided to step down to pursue other professional opportunities. Mr. De Costanzo most recently served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Catalyst Paper Corporation.  Mr. De Costanzo also previously served as Vice President and Global Treasurer at Kinross Gold Corporation. Earlier in his career, Mr. De Costanzo served in positions of increasing responsibility at Pitney Bowes Inc., including Assistant Treasurer, Director of Internal Audit and Finance Director, International, for Pitney Bowes Software.  He also worked at The Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank and Union Bank of Switzerland.
Josephine Iannelli
Bar Harbor Bankshares [Bar Harbor, Maine] appointed Josephine Iannelli as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company and the Bank. She replaces the Company’s Interim Chief Financial Officer Bradford Kopp. Prior to this appointment, Ms. Iannelli served as Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. (“Berkshire”), having previously served Berkshire as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer since January 2014. She was the principal financial and accounting officer of Berkshire, having joined as Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer in March 2013. Previously, Ms. Iannelli had senior accounting policy responsibilities at several banks, including PNC Financial, National City Corporation and KeyCorp.
DAS Group of Companies [NEW YORK] announced the promotion of Robert B. Lorfink to global chief financial officer. Prior to this promotion, Lorfink was DAS CFO of the Americas and immediately preceding that, he was president and COO of Ketchum.
Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts [BOSTON] has named Andreana Santangelo as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Santangelo replaces Allen Maltz who will retire at the end of 2016. Before joining Blue Cross, Santangelo held various leadership roles at CIGNA. She is a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries and a member of the American Academy of Actuaries. Santangelo is also a member of the board of directors at Junior Achievement of Northern New England.
 
Track Group, Inc. [SALT LAKE CITY] (OTCQX: TRCK), announced that Mark Attarian informed the Company of his intention to resign from his position as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Attarian joined the Company as Chief Administrative Officer on July 11, 2016, and was appointed Chief Financial Officer on September 12, 2016.
MPLX LP [FINDLAY, Ohio] (NYSE: MPLX) announced that Pamela K.M. Beall, MPLX executive vice president of Corporate Planning and Strategy, has been named executive vice president and chief financial officer of MPLX GP LLC. Beall replaces Nancy K. Buese, who is retiring to pursue other opportunities. Beall brings substantial financial experience to the CFO role, as her career has included numerous finance, accounting and commercial roles at Marathon Petroleum Corp. (NYSE: MPC) and MPLX.
Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. [NEW YORK, NY] (NASDAQ: LBIO) announced the appointment of Gregory T. Schiffman as Chief Financial Officer of the company. Most recently, Mr. Schiffman was Executive Vice President and CFO of StemCells, Inc. Prior to StemCells, Mr. Schiffman was the Executive Vice President and CFO of Dendreon Corporation. Before entering the healthcare industry, Mr. Schiffman held roles of increasing responsibility during his eleven year term with Hewlett Packard, including serving as controller of its European personal computer manufacturing and distribution operations in Grenoble, France, and as manufacturing manager and controller of its Netmetrix Division.
Kareo [IRVINE, CA] announced the hiring of Gregg Waldon as the company’s new chief financial officer. Prior to Kareo, Waldon spent seven years as the CFO at RedBrick Health. Gregg also spent three years at SoftBrands, seven years at Stellent, and seven years at GalaGen.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...Follow CFO Moves via Email

Join the 6,399 people that receive this update by email every week. 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
 

							Email Address						












Sign up for the CFO Search Report
CFO Search Report, a follow on to CFO Moves, provides  information on CFO career opportunities in the market. 
CFO Search Report provides eligible CFOs with more information on the career opportunities identified in CFO Moves.  
CFO Search Report will provide monthly updates to eligible CFOs only. 
To apply to join and receive this exclusive monthly report, please click this link.
PS - Only qualified CFOs will be accepted to receive this exclusive monthly report. 


Samuel Dergel
Samuel is an Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search.
Samuel and his team prepares this blog weekly so you can have one comprehensive source for CFO Moves across the USA. We track CFO Moves in our quest to be the most knowledgeable and up to date Executive Search firm focusing on the Chief Financial Officer.
If you are a company that would like help with your next CFO Hire, are a CFO that is looking to hire the right deputies for your team, or are a CFO looking for your next move, feel free to contact us.
Telephone: (415) 738-2070
Email: samuel@dergelcfo.com

 
 


Twitter: DergelCFOFollow"6 years later: Looking back at my career reboot" https://t.co/0DOtFZjK8z by @DergelCFO on @LinkedIn   Are you a #CFO with something to say about US #taxreform ?   RT @cfo: Penn West CFO and two deputies charged with #fraud. https://t.co/BlM98ACgrm https://t.co/oA76gnXLFu   This weeks' #CFO Moves includes movement at @LiquidRobotics @Kohls @MarinSoftware and 19 other co's… https://t.co/3VA0ZPZBq8   RT @OracleERPCloud: #CFOs: which quality best describes your style? See what else @DergelCFO thinks makes a great #CFO https://t.co/3TLWeah…   
Archives
Archives

Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 


EmailLinkedinRSSTwitter
© 2011-2016 Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO Search Specialist). All rights reserved


 




Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			














%d bloggers like this:












Nancy K. Buese - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Nancy K. Buese
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Newmont Mining Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you Nancy K. Buese? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Nancy K. Buese's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Nancy K. Buese's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Nancy K. Buese's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Nancy K. Buese through your network of contacts.
												








Nancy K. Buese's Executive Work History


Current


Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, 
Newmont Mining Corporation


Past
To view Nancy K. Buese's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 Bachelor's, 
															University of Kansas


Age
47

 
 


Nancy K. Buese's Biography




			Ms. Buese was elected Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in October 2016. Ms. Buese most recently served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for MPLX, a publicly traded energy company formed by Marathon Petroleum Corporation. Prior to MPLX's acquisition of MarkWest Energy Partners in 2015, Ms. Buese served for 11 years as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of MarkWest. Ms. Buese also is a former Partner with Ernst & Young and worked in public accounting for 12 years.
		
Source: Newmont Mining Corporation on 02/21/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Nancy K. Buese's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Nancy K. Buese. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Nancy K. Buese's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Nancy K. Buese's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Nancy K. Buese through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Nancy K. Buese


















Nancy K. Buese's Connections (126)





Sign up now to view Nancy K. Buese's 126 connections »









John P. Surma
Board Member, Marathon Petroleum Corporation









Gary R. Heminger
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, MPLX LP









Theodore M. Armstrong
Former Senior Vice President -- Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer, Angelica









Dan D. Sandman
Board Member, MPLX LP









Timothy T. Griffith
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Marathon Petroleum Corporation









Keith E. Bailey
Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, The Williams Companies, Inc.









Pamela K. Beall
Dir., Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, MPLX LP









Joseph A. Carrabba
Board Member, Newmont Mining Corporation









Garry L. Peiffer
Dir. and President, MPLX LP









Donald C. Templin
President, Marathon Petroleum Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















 



UMB Financial Board Appoints Nancy Buese as New Board Member | Business Wire
























































UMB Financial Board Appoints Nancy Buese as New Board Member






October 27, 2009 01:20 PM Eastern Daylight Time



KANSAS CITY, Mo.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--UMB 
      Financial Corporation (NASDAQ: UMBF), a financial services holding 
      company, announced Nancy Buese as the newest director of UMB Financial 
      Corporation as a result of board action taken during the company’s third 
      quarter board meeting.
    


      The company’s governance committee nominated Buese to fill the vacant 
      spot created by the board’s increase in the number of directors. She was 
      also appointed as a member of the company’s audit committee. Buese 
      currently serves as chief financial officer at MarkWest Energy Partners, 
      L.P. in Denver, Colo.
    

      “We are pleased to welcome Nancy Buese to the board,” said Mariner 
      Kemper, chairman and chief executive officer of UMB Financial 
      Corporation. “Her professional leadership greatly complements the board, 
      and her financial expertise offers an in-depth understanding that will 
      help facilitate the success and strategic direction of our company.”
    

About UMB:


      UMB Financial Corporation (NASDAQ: UMBF) is a financial services holding 
      company headquartered in Kansas City, Mo., offering complete banking, 
      asset management, health spending solutions and related financial 
      services to both individual and business customers nationwide. Its 
      banking subsidiaries own and operate 135 banking centers throughout 
      Missouri, Illinois, Colorado, Kansas, Oklahoma, Nebraska and Arizona. 
      Subsidiaries of the holding company and the lead bank, UMB Bank, n.a., 
      include mutual fund and alternative investment services groups, 
      single-purpose companies that deal with brokerage services and 
      insurance, and a registered investment advisor that manages the 
      company’s proprietary mutual funds and investment advisory accounts for 
      institutional customers. Visit umb.com 
      for more company information.
    




Contacts

      UMB Financial CorporationMandie Nelson, 816-860-5088orInvestor 
      Relations Contact:Abby Wendel, 816-860-1685
    

















Contacts

      UMB Financial CorporationMandie Nelson, 816-860-5088orInvestor 
      Relations Contact:Abby Wendel, 816-860-1685
    








 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up





















Newmont Appoints Nancy K. Buese To Succeed Laurie Brlas As Executive Vice President And Chief Financial Officer - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Newmont Appoints Nancy K. Buese To Succeed Laurie Brlas As Executive Vice President And Chief Financial Officer






Business Wire




Oct 26, 2016 5:02 PM EDT













 




























































  Newmont Mining Corporation (NYSE: NEM) (Newmont or the Company) has appointed Nancy K. Buese to succeed Laurie Brlas as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) as part of a planned transition, effective October 31, 2016. Ms. Brlas will retire from her position with Newmont to focus on external Board work and to spend more time with her family. Ms. Brlas will remain with the Company through the end of the year to assure a smooth and orderly transition.  "Nancy is an accomplished finance leader with extensive experience in the natural resources sector - I'm delighted she will be joining Newmont's executive team to continue delivering our strategy to lead the gold sector in value creation," said Gary Goldberg, President and Chief Executive Officer. "Nancy's track record of ensuring financial discipline, achieving solid business results, maintaining a strong balance sheet and building financial flexibility fits well with Newmont's focus on delivering the next generation of safe, efficient and profitable gold mines. I also would like to take this opportunity to thank Laurie Brlas for her leadership and contributions to Newmont as our CFO, and for her continued service during this planned transition."  Ms. Buese brings 25 years of experience in finance leadership roles and joins Newmont having most recently served as Executive Vice President and CFO for MPLX, a publicly traded energy company formed by Marathon Petroleum Corporation. Prior to MPLX's acquisition of MarkWest Energy Partners in 2015, Ms. Buese served for 11 years as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of MarkWest. Having worked in public accounting for 12 years, Ms. Buese also is a former Partner with Ernst & Young. She earned her degree in Accounting and Business Administration from University of Kansas and is a Certified Public Accountant. Since 2009, Ms. Buese has served on the Board of Directors of UMB Financial Corporation, including as a member of the audit and risk committees.  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Investors, Take a More Bullish View of Gold Miners
Gold Miners ETF surges over 4.5% on Tuesday while Newmont Mining leads the S&P 500 with a 4.6% gain.



Gary Morrow

Jun 7, 2017 10:06 AM EDT
























Gold Miners Jump as Investors Run for The Hills
gold shares sparkle and Royal Gold led the gainers, adding almost 5% after posting better than expected results and said its operating cash flow rose to a record $75 million.



Gregory Morcroft

May 11, 2017 4:42 PM EDT
























High Stock Valuations Remain a Concern to Investors
As the market has reached all-time highs several times this year, the extremely high valuations of some stocks have prompted investors to reconsider their worth.



Ellen Chang

Apr 28, 2017 2:47 PM EDT
























Newmont Mining Expansion Positive for Outlook, BMO Says
BMO Capital is bullish on Newmont Mining.



Amanda Schiavo

Apr 21, 2017 10:37 AM EDT








































 











Trending


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal


Tesla Headlines This Lineup of 12 Amazing New Cars for 2018


Honda Accord Through the Years: 20 Reasons the 2018 Model Is a Really Big Deal


Apple's iPhone 8 Is Coming, and It Could Be in Your Hands Very Soon


It Would Be 'Crazy' to Clean House at Wells Fargo, CEO Says











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 












Nancy K. Buese, Sr. VP, CFO, MarkWest Energy Partners LP














A publisher of Business Information since 1983   
  





 


   

Search Business Search Executive 
  Advanced Search 




  

Sign In  |  Hints 









Profile of Nancy Buese 





 


Nancy Buese

 

Sr. VP, CFO - MarkWest Energy Partners LP

 


Nancy Buese Email :
Please login 

 

Company Name : 
MarkWest Energy Partners LP 

 

Company Website : 
www.markwest.com 

 

Company Address : 
1515 Arapahoe St.Tower Two, Denver, CO,United States, 


 


Nancy Buese Profile :
Sr. VP, CFO - MarkWest Energy Partners LP 

 


Nancy Buese Biography :


Nancy K. Buese (formerly Masten) Senior Vice President Chief Financial Officer was appointed Chief Financial Officer of both MarkWest Hydrocarbon and the general partner of MarkWest Energy Partners in October 2006. Prior to her appointment as CFO Ms. Buese served as Chief Accounting Officer of the Company and the Partnership�s general partner since November 2005. Prior to joining MarkWest Ms. Buese was the Chief Financial Officer for Experimental and Applied Sciences (EAS) in Golden Colorado. EAS is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Ross Product Division of Abbott Laboratories. Prior to her employment at EAS Ms. Buese was a Vice President with TransMontaigne Inc. in Denver Colorado. Preceding this appointment Ms. Buese was a Partner with Ernst & Young LLP having spent time in the firm�s Denver London New York and Washington D.C. offices. 

 


Nancy Buese Colleagues :





Name 
Title 
Email 


Frank Semple 
Board Dir., Pres., CEO 
Please login 


John Mollenkopf 
Sr. VP, COO 
Please login 


Randy Nickerson 
Sr. VP, Chief Commercial Officer 
Please login 


Brett Snyder 
Dir. - NGL Marketing Services 
Please login 


Diana Finley 
NGL Marketer 
Please login 













            Home  |  About Us  |  Product Information   |  Subscription  |  List Builder   |  Executive List   |  Email Lists   |  Contact Us  |  Site Map  |  Browse Directory    





 

� 2009, Walkers's Research - A publisher of Business Information since 1983, All Rights Reserved.





	Newmont Mining - Newmont Appoints Nancy K. Buese to Succeed Laurie Brlas as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer


























































Our Voice – Blog
Resources
Newsroom

















Gold Price: 
$
1,262.64

+0.79
+0.06%
Volume: 


July 27, 2017



NYSE: NEM
Stock Price: 
$
36.96

+0.00
+0%
Volume: 
7,639,100

July 26, 2017








Home  >  Newsroom  >  News Details


Home  /  Newsroom  /  News Details






← Go back


News Details
Newmont Appoints Nancy K. Buese to Succeed Laurie Brlas as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer


10/26/2016

Download this Press Release ()


 DENVER--(BUSINESS WIRE)--
      Newmont Mining Corporation (NYSE: NEM) (Newmont or the Company) has
      appointed Nancy K. Buese to succeed Laurie Brlas as Executive Vice
      President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) as part of a planned
      transition, effective October 31, 2016. Ms. Brlas will retire from her
      position with Newmont to focus on external Board work and to spend more
      time with her family. Ms. Brlas will remain with the Company through the
      end of the year to assure a smooth and orderly transition.
    

      “Nancy is an accomplished finance leader with extensive experience in
      the natural resources sector – I’m delighted she will be joining
      Newmont’s executive team to continue delivering our strategy to lead the
      gold sector in value creation,” said Gary Goldberg, President and Chief
      Executive Officer. “Nancy’s track record of ensuring financial
      discipline, achieving solid business results, maintaining a strong
      balance sheet and building financial flexibility fits well with
      Newmont’s focus on delivering the next generation of safe, efficient and
      profitable gold mines. I also would like to take this opportunity to
      thank Laurie Brlas for her leadership and contributions to Newmont as
      our CFO, and for her continued service during this planned transition.”
    

      Ms. Buese brings 25 years of experience in finance leadership roles and
      joins Newmont having most recently served as Executive Vice President
      and CFO for MPLX, a publicly traded energy company formed by Marathon
      Petroleum Corporation. Prior to MPLX’s acquisition of MarkWest Energy
      Partners in 2015, Ms. Buese served for 11 years as Executive Vice
      President and Chief Financial Officer of MarkWest. Having worked in
      public accounting for 12 years, Ms. Buese also is a former Partner with
      Ernst & Young. She earned her degree in Accounting and Business
      Administration from University of Kansas and is a Certified Public
      Accountant. Since 2009, Ms. Buese has served on the Board of Directors
      of UMB Financial Corporation, including as a member of the audit and
      risk committees.
    

      In her role as CFO, Ms. Buese will be responsible for Newmont’s global
      finance, accounting, business planning, tax, treasury, investor
      relations and value assurance functions. Internal Audit will continue
      reporting directly to Bruce Brook, Chairman of the Audit Committee of
      Newmont’s Board of Directors, and report administratively to Nancy.
    

      Since 2013, when Ms. Brlas joined Newmont as CFO, the Company has earned
      the gold sector’s best credit rating from Moody’s and lowered net debt
      by 56 percent1. Newmont also has generated $2.8 billion in
      fairly valued, non-core asset sales, including the pending sale of PTNNT
      in Indonesia, while self-funding new, profitable production. This
      includes Newmont’s newest gold mine at Merian in Suriname, as well as
      four self-funded growth projects including Long Canyon and expansions at
      Tanami and Carlin, and the recently completed expansion at Cripple Creek
      & Victor. Taken together, these projects are expected to add one million
      ounces of lower cost gold production over the next two years.
    

About Newmont


      Newmont is a leading gold and copper producer. The Company’s operations
      are primarily in the United States, Australia, Ghana, Peru, Indonesia
      and Suriname. Newmont is the only gold producer listed in the S&P 500
      Index and was named the mining industry leader by the Dow Jones
      Sustainability World Index in 2015 and 2016. The Company is an industry
      leader in value creation, supported by its leading technical,
      environmental, social and safety performance. Newmont was founded in
      1921 and has been publicly traded since 1925.
    

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements:


      This release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of
      Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E
      of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which are intended
      to be covered by the safe harbor created by such sections and other
      applicable laws. Such forward-looking statements may include, without
      limitation, estimates of future production and growth, estimates of
      future debt reduction, and expectations regarding the completion of the
      sale of the Company’s interests in PTNNT, including the timing of
      closing, receipt of sale consideration and application of sale proceeds.
      Investors are cautioned that no assurances can be made with respect to
      the closing of the pending sale of the Company’s interest in PTNNT,
      which remains contingent on the satisfaction of conditions precedent,
      including, without limitation, maintenance of valid export license at
      closing, the concurrent closing of the PTMDB sale of its 24 percent
      stake to the buyer; and no occurrence of material adverse events that
      would substantially impact the future value of Batu Hijau. Potential
      additional risks include other political, regulatory or legal challenges
      and community and labor issues. Where the Company expresses or implies
      an expectation or belief as to future events or results, such
      expectation or belief is expressed in good faith and believed to have a
      reasonable basis. However, such statements are subject to risks,
      uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to
      differ materially from future results expressed, projected or implied by
      the “forward-looking statements”. For a more detailed discussion of
      other risks that may impact the Company’s future performance, see the
      Company’s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 17, 2016,
      with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), Form 10-Q for the
      quarter ended September 30, 2016, filed with the SEC on October 26,
      2016, and other SEC filings The Company does not undertake any
      obligation to release publicly revisions to any “forward-looking
      statement” to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this
      news release, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events,
      except as may be required under applicable securities laws. Investors
      should not assume that any lack of update to a previously issued
      “forward-looking statement” constitutes a reaffirmation of that
      statement. Continued reliance on “forward-looking statements” is at
      investors' own risk.
    

      ________________________________________
    

1 Includes proceeds expected from the pending sale of the
      Company’s interests in PT Newmont Nusa Tenggara in Indonesia.
    
View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161026006901/en/
Source: Newmont Mining Corporation

      Newmont Mining CorporationMedia ContactOmar
      Jabara, 303-837-5114omar.jabara@newmont.comorInvestor
      ContactMeredith Bandy, 303-837-5143meredith.bandy@newmont.com
















About Us
Operations and Projects
Investor Relations
Sustainability
Careers





Contact Us
Suppliers
Legal
Site Map




Apply Now 


        Create an employment profile and search for jobs that meet your qualifications.
    


Email Alerts 



    Register to have select updates about Newmont Mining Corporation delivered to your inbox





Powered By Q4 Inc. 4.5.0.5


© 2017 Newmont Mining Corporation. All rights reserved.









Connect with Us    |

 RSS
 YouTube
 Twitter
 Facebook
 LinkedIn



 Print








Email Alerts
You may automatically receive Newmont Mining Corporation financial information by email. Please enter your email address below and choose your options for email notification.




Mailing Lists
*






Press Release

SEC Filing

Presentations

Events

End of Day Stock Quote

Annual Reports

Blog









 





Enter the code shown above.



*






Email Address


*















Unsubscribe






Email Address:

*





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.



























nancy buese - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










We Found Nancy Buese | beenverified.com



Ad
 ·
www.beenverified.com



1) Nancy Buese's Photo 2) Address 3) Phone & More. Find Now.





People Search



Search By Name



Search by Email




Best Background Check



Social Media



Get Contact Information





We Found Nancy Buese | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com



1) Nancy Buese's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





Searches related tonancy buese



nancy buese markwest


nancy buese umb bank


nancy buese denver


nancy buese newmont



nancy buese mplx


laurie brlas


newmont cfo


abby wendel umb




Web Results

Nancy K. Buese | Professional Profile

https://www.linkedin.com/in/nancy-k-buese-79740910


View Nancy K. Buese’s professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like Nancy K. Buese discover inside ...


Nancy K. Buese - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and ...

people.equilar.com/bio/nancy-buese-markwest-energy/salary/109597


View Nancy K. Buese, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Newmont Mining Corporation, Greenwood Village, CO, executive profile on Equilar Atlas to ...


Newmont Mining - Newmont Appoints Nancy K. Buese to ...

www.newmont.com/newsroom/newsroom-details/2016/Newmont-Appoints...


Newmont Mining Corporation (NYSE: NEM) (Newmont or the Company) has appointed Nancy K. Buese to succeed Laurie Brlas as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial ...


UMB Financial Board Appoints Nancy Buese as New Board ...

www.businesswire.com/.../UMB-Financial-Board-Appoints-Nancy-Buese...


UMB Financial Corporation (NASDAQ: UMBF), a financial services holding company, announced Nancy Buese as the newest director of UMB Financial Corporat


Nancy K. Buese - Executive Bio & Compensation History

executives.findthecompany.com/l/40932/Nancy-K-Buese


Find compensation and employment information for Nancy K. Buese (Mplx Partnership Units), including salary, stock awards, and previous employers.


Nancy Buese (K), 47 - Denver, CO | MyLife.com™ Background ...

https://www.mylife.com/nancy-buese/nancybuese


Nancy Buese was born in 1970. Nancy currently lives in Denver . Before that, she lived in ...


Biography of Nancy Buese - The Official Board

https://www.theofficialboard.com/biography/nancy-buese


Nancy Buese is currently Director at UMB Financial. At UMB Financial, Nancy Buese has 20 colleagues including Mariner Kemper (Chairman & CEO), Tim Murphy (Director)…


Nancy Buese in Denver, CO - Bizapedia Profile

https://www.bizapedia.com/people/colorado/denver/nancy-buese.html


Nancy M. Buese is a Vice-President with Markwest Hydrocarbon, Inc. in West Virginia. The address on file for this person is 1515 Arapahoe St, Denver, CO 8020...


Nancy K. Buese CPA: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/person.asp?...


Ms. Nancy K. Buese, CPA, has been the Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President at Newmont Mining Corporation since October 31, 2016. Ms. Buese worked in ...


Nancy Buese - CompAnalyst from Salary.com

www1.salary.com/Nancy-Buese-Salary-Bonus-Stock-Options-for-NEWMONT...


Salary, bonuses, stock options, stock awards and other compensation for Nancy Buese , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at NEWMONT MINING CORP.










We Found Nancy Buese | beenverified.com



Ad
 ·
www.beenverified.com



1) Nancy Buese's Photo 2) Address 3) Phone & More. Find Now.





People Search



Search By Name



Search by Email




Best Background Check



Social Media



Get Contact Information





We Found Nancy Buese | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com



1) Nancy Buese's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info




Searches related tonancy buese



nancy buese markwest


nancy buese umb bank


nancy buese denver


nancy buese newmont



nancy buese mplx


laurie brlas


newmont cfo


abby wendel umb




12345Next














Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.








