

Adam Burinescu, Centerbridge Partners LP: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  





















Feedback





Adam Burinescu

Managing Director,
Centerbridge Partners LP






Career History




Managing Director
Centerbridge Capital Partners, PRESENT


Director
Rockpoint Group LLC, FORMER







Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-











From The Web












Memberships



Board Memberships




Centerbridge Capital Partners


Board Member, 10/2016-PRESENT




Extended Stay America Inc


Board Member, 10/2016-PRESENT









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































Adam M Burinescu - Manhattan, NY | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Adam M Burinescu in Manhattan, NY


Adam M Burinescu

                                                                           Intelius found that Adam M Burinescu  is  a male between 30 and 40 years old from Manhattan, NY.  We have connected them to
                7 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Adam M Burinescu is in his 30s

Adam Has Lived In

Manhattan, NY
Ithaca, NY
Scarsdale, NY

Adam's Relatives

Andrea Burinescu
Jason Burin
Martin Burinescu
Irene Burinescu







Adam M Burinescu



Zodiac SignAquarius



GenderMale



Professional Status
Vice President at Centerbridge Partners, L.P.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Adam? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Adam, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Adam M Burinescu
Get a Criminal Check on Adam M Burinescu
Get a Public Record Report on Adam M Burinescu
Get a People Search Report on Adam M Burinescu


Adam M Burinescu's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Adam M Burinescu has lived as well as Adam M Burinescu's phone numbers and email addresses.




Adam M Burinescu Has Lived in 3 States
New York Address for Adam M Burinescu


200 E 6*** S* 

Manhattan, NY


Has Lived In

Manhattan, NY
Ithaca, NY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Adam M Burinescu

(212) ***-**** - Manhattan, NY 
(212) ***-**** - New York, NY 
(857) ***-**** - New York, NY 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Adam M Burinescu

a********u@***.com
a********u@***.com


Get Email Report




Adam M Burinescu's Professional Information
Information regarding Adam M Burinescu's professional history.  Find out previous places Adam M Burinescu has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Adam M Burinescu Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: Centerbridge Partners, L.P.
               Title: Vice President
Company: Rockpoint Group L.L.C
               Title: Vice President
Adam M Burinescu's Experience
Title: Vice President
               Company: Centerbridge Partners, L.P.
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 5,000 to less than 25,000
Title: Vice President
               Company: Rockpoint Group L.L.C
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 mil to less than $5 mil - Employee Range: Less than 25. Rockpoint Group, L.L.C. is a real estate private equity firm headquartered in Boston, with additional primary offices in Dallas and San Francisco. Since 1994, Rockpoint's founding Managing Members with others have sponsored twelve commingled funds and related co- investment vehicles, raising approximately $17 billion in capital commitments and investing approximately $13 billion of equity in over 370 transactions with a total capitalization of approximately $50 billion. Rockpoint employs a fundamental value approach to investing in both its opportunistic and lower-risk strategies and focuses on select product types and geographic regions, with a primary emphasis on opportunities in major coastal markets in the United States.
Additional Professional Information on Adam M Burinescu

 See Adam M Burinescu's LinkedIn Profile



Adam M Burinescu's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Adam M Burinescu


Adam M Burinescu's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Adam M Burinescu's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Adam Burinescu
Username Matches

                  AdamBurinescu
                  BurinescuAdam
                  Adam.Burinescu
                  Burinescu.Adam
                  Adam_Burinescu
                  Burinescu_Adam
                  Adam-Burinescu
                  Burinescu-Adam
                  ABurinescu
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
A Burinescu







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Adam M  Burinescu - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Adam M  Burinescu
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Adam M  Burinescu. Find out Adam M  Burinescu address and contact details. View other people related to Adam M  Burinescu - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

C/O CENTERBRIDGE PARTNERS, L.P. 375 PARK AVENUE NEW YORK 10152 NY




Companies related to Adam M  Burinescu
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001507563ESH Hospitality, Inc.11525 N. COMMUNITY HOUSE ROAD SUITE 100 CHARLOTTE 28277




Adam M  Burinescu on the Web
Persons related to Adam M  Burinescu - ESH Hospitality, Inc.NamePositionCityAgarwal  A.J.SpartanburgJames G  AldermanCHARLOTTEKapila K  AnandCHARLOTTEJeffrey  AronsonNEW YORKJeffrey  AronsonNEW YORKBlackstone Group L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Group Management L.L.C.NEW YORKBlackstone Group Management L.L.C.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III GP L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III GP L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III GP Management L.L.C.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III GP Management L.L.C.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Associates VI-ESH L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Associates VI-ESH L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Holdings VI L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners (AIV) VI-ESH L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VI.A-ESH L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VI.B-ESH L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VI.C-ESH L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VI.F-ESH L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VI.G-ESH L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VI.TE.1-ESH L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VI.TE.2-ESH L.P.NEW YORKBREA VI-ESH L.L.C.NEW YORKBREP VI Side-by-Side GP L.L.C.NEW YORKNeil T  BrownCHARLOTTEAdam M  BurinescuNEW YORKCCP GP Investors Holdings (Cayman), L.P.NEW YORKCCP SBS GP, LLCNEW YORKCenterbridge Associates, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Associates, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Associates, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Capital Partners AIV VI-A, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Capital Partners AIV VI-A, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Capital Partners AIV VI-B, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Capital Partners AIV VI-B, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Capital Partners SBS, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Capital Partners SBS, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Capital Partners SBS, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Capital Partners Strategic AIV I, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Capital Partners Strategic AIV I, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Cayman GP Ltd.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Cayman GP, Ltd.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit GP Investors, L.L.C.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit GP Investors, L.L.C.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Offshore GP Investors, L.L.C.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Offshore GP Investors, L.L.C.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Partners General Partner, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Partners General Partner, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Partners, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Partners, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Partners Offshore General Partner, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Partners Offshore General Partner, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Partners Offshore Intermediate III, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Partners Offshore Intermediate III, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Partners TE Intermediate I, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Partners TE Intermediate I, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge GP Investors, LLCNEW YORKCenterbridge GP Investors, LLCNEW YORKCenterbridge GP Investors, LLCNEW YORKPeter J  CrageCHARLOTTEChristopher K.  DanielloNEW YORKJohn  DentCHARLOTTEKevin William  DinnieNEW YORKJAMES  DONALDCHARLOTTEExtended Stay America, Inc.CHARLOTTEExtended Stay America, Inc.CHARLOTTEMark T  GalloglyTOLEDOMark T  GalloglyNEW YORKDOUGLAS GERARD  GEOGACHICAGODOUGLAS GERARD  GEOGACHARLOTTEJonathan S  HalkyardLAS VEGASJonathan S  HalkyardCHARLOTTERobert G  Harper IVCHARLOTTESteven E  KentCHARLOTTEGERARDO I  LOPEZTROYROSS W  MCCANLESSCHARLOTTEBarr  MichaelSpartanburgLISA  PALMERJACKSONVILLELISA  PALMERCHARLOTTEPAULSON & CO INCNEW YORKPAULSON & CO INCNEW YORKWilliam D.  RahmNEW YORKSTEPHEN A  SCHWARZMANNEW YORKSTEPHEN A  SCHWARZMANNEW YORKTy  WallachNEW YORKRICHARD F  WALLMANRICHARD F  WALLMANCHARLOTTEHoward J  WeissmanCHARLOTTERahm  WilliamSpartanburg












 










Adam M Burinescu, 36  - Boston, MA | MyLife.com™ Background Profile



































Search for your public page


First Name



Last Name



City





Search


*All fields are required
Already a member? Log in


















About & Contact Info






                    Photos && Social Posts






Reviews & Ratings





Court & ArrestRecords





Friends & Family












 AB


View Photos



 Edit/Remove

Adam Burinescu
 Boston, MA
 Age: 36 -
								02/26/1981




AKA:
                                                Adam M Burinescu













Work Info







Marital Status






Unavailable






 Politics









Education Info





  Edit/Remove My Info

View Full Contact Info
- OR -
View Full Background Details







Reputation Score:
4.00/5




4.00

							        	
													(1 Review)
												






                                        Rate:
                                        
                                            Adam










Improve my Rating
                                                |  
                                                 Ask others to Rate




Ranking: 
Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD











  Edit/Remove My Info
Contact Info







View Phone Number









View Email Address, 
                                    
                                         |  Send message











79*** **** 26c


Boston, MA 02199







View Full Contact Details
- OR -
View Full Background Details








 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 4}} more
 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 3}} more



Summary:
                    
Summary:  

currently lives in  



Boston
, MA.


            Before that,  lived in
            



Scarsdale
, NY.
        















About & Contact Information


Adam's Story




Summary:  

currently lives in  



Boston
, MA.


            Before that,  lived in
            



Scarsdale
, NY.
        




Contact Information





                            This section includes information on Addresses, Phone Numbers, and Email Addresses
                        




                                                Recent Address
                                            
79*** **** 26c
Boston, MA
View Address


Past Address
39*** **** Rd




Scarsdale
, NY
View Address


Past Address
81*** **** Ave




Ithaca
, NY
View Address


Past Address
79*** **** St




Boston
, MA
View Address







    Adam may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Adam's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                




View Full Phone, Email & Address Details





Work History





    Adam may have Work information - Check Full Background Report to see possible job history including what current and previous jobs, companies they may have been employed at, job titles, duration of employment,  and a list of their co-workers.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





School History




    Adam may have Education Information - Check Full Background Report to see possible education history including where and when they attending high school and college, and a complete list of their high school class list.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Properties




    Adam may have Properties - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known properties. This may contain information such as address, market value, purchase price,  and loan amount.


                View Full Background Details
            





Corporate Affiliations




    Adam may have Corporate Affiliations - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known corporate affiliations. This may contain information such as company name, job title, address, and time period of service.


                View Full Background Details
            





Licenses and Permits




    Adam may have Licenses & Permits - Check Full Background Report to see weapons permits, Federal Aviation Administration pilot licenses and Drug Enforcement Administration licenses for prescribing controlled pharmaceuticals. If applicable, you will also see Adam's license number and expiration date.
                

                View Full Background Details
            






Photos & Social Posts


Photos









ViewPhotos





    Adam may have Photos - Check Full Background Report to see possible pictures and photo albums found from social and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Social Posts





View Social Posts



    We did not find any Social Posts records after searching multiple government records, social and public sources. As part of your premium service, we will continue to search and notify you when we find new information.



    Adam may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Adam's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                





Reviews & Ratings





Adam Burinescu's Reputation Score:
4.00/5



4.00

						        	
                                            (1 Review)
                                        







                                    Rate:
                                    
                                        Adam










Improve my Rating
                                            |  
                                             Ask others to Rate
                                            |  
                                            Write a Review




Ranking:  Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD

















Jeffrey Tinsley, CEO & Founder of Mylife.com

Personal Review









Reply










×
Showing balanced reviews improves the credibility of your positive reviews, so consider keeping them.Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
Yes
No








×
Your request has been sent.
Close









        Court & Arrest Records
        
            
            
                
            
        
    


Arrest and Criminal Records




    Adam may have Arrest and Criminal Records - Check Full Background Report to see possible arrest or conviction records we have found on Adam. This may include any DUIs, traffic tickets and outstanding warrants. When applicable, we may show where the crime occurred and provide details about the offense.


                View Full Background Details
            





Sex Offender Status




    Adam may have Sexual Offenses - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of any and all sex offenses Adam may have been convicted of and his current sex offender status if applicable.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies




    Adam may have Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies - Check Full Background Report to see local, state and federal court documents, sensitive legal information and any litigation that Adam may have been involved in.  We'll reveal arrest details like case numbers, offense descriptions, and booking dates, where available.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Family & Friends


Relatives/Associates




    Adam may have a record of Relatives/Associates - Check Full Background Report to see possible family members, friends, co-workers, and associates found from multiple government records, social and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Classmates




    Adam may have a record of associated Classmates - Check Full Background Report to see possible who they are and full classlists  found from school records and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Neighborhood Information | Information based on current address








Age








Education Level










Household Income








Estimated Home Values










Top Buying Habits








Top Interests & Hobbies



















A Full Background Report Includes



Find Background Profiles & Reputation Scores for Everyone in the U.S.



                            MyLife searches government, social & public sources to pull together all details in one place
                        




                            Contact details include addresses, email, phone numbers, photos & social profiles and more
                        




                            Background checks include arrest & court records, education & work history, personal reviews and more to asses anyone's reputation
                        



Only MyLife Helps You Improve Your Background Report & Reputation Score



                            Edit & correct your own Background Report to look your best to employers, clients, friends, dates & others searching for you on Google.
                        




                            Ask friends, family, employers & clients to review you to improve your public Reputation Score.
                        




                            Remove your information from sites you can't control to protect your privacy
                        



See What MyLife Customers Are Saying

                        "When considering new tenants, you should always
                        check and verify their background to feel secure
                        & protected. MyLife makes it easy"
                    


- Ron W.




 







Back to Top




















×
Send Message


Message sent
An error has occurred, please try again later...


How do you know this person?

Please select (used to notify recipient)
Unknown
College
High School
Junior High School
Grade School
Met on MyLife.com
Is My Friend
Related to Me
Mutual Friend
Work
Club or Organization
Religion Affiliation
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Found You Through a Dating Service
Found Your Service



Subject



Message




 Add/Track Contact
							







SEND NOW

















×


					Your message has been sent.
				











×
Help Adam build his reputation & public image 
Thank you for rating Adam Burinescu
Please provide additional details to give people more insight into Adam's reputation. 



Sorry! We were unable to submit your review


                                        Please select at least one quality
                                    




Does Adam have these qualities?
Deselect all







Personal
Professional
Dating





 Smart
 Loyal
 Honest
 Good listener
 Humble
 Generous
 Fun
 Easy going
 Optimistic
 Kind
I would NOT be friends with Adam
 I would be friends

Is there anything you want to say about  on a personal level?
  (Optional)




 Responsible
 Hardworking
 Intelligent
 Collaborative
 Creative
 Resourceful
 Motivated
 Flexible
 Ambitious
 Articulate
I would NOT work with Adam

Is there anything you want to say about  on a professional level?
  (Optional)




 Faithful
 Respectful
 Understanding
 Funny
 Romantic
 Sexy
 Smart
 Passionate
 Good looking
 Good listener
 I would NOT date Adam

Is there anything you want to say about  concerning dating?
  (Optional)




You are responsible for your submissions, which must be true, lawful and not violate any person's rights. You agree to our User Agreement.







How do you know Adam?*

Friends
                                          Friend
Professional
Dating
Family Member
Neighbor
School
Club or Organization
Religious
Myself
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Other







    Post anonymously
?






















































POST REVIEW








×

                        
                                Two Ways to Improve your Score
                            




Correct and Edit your extended background details
Correct & Edit


Ask Family & Friends  for positive reviews
  Send an Email
Share on Facebook










×





























×





Search to Find Background Reports & Publicly Exposed Personal Details on Anyone including Yourself.
Are You Adam Burinescu?


YES
See & control your exposed background info
See, Monitor & Enhance Your Background Report that People are Viewing.


NO
See public background info on  Adam 
See Background Report to Learn  the Truth about Adam .











×





Thank you. We received your vote.











×






GET AN ADDITIONAL PREMIUM REPORT ON Adam Burinescu
Premium data contains highly sensitive  info such as:

Arrest Records
Wealth & Assets
Lawsuits & Liens
Licenses & Permits
Sexual Offenses
Corp. Affiliations




                            In order to access the sensitive info on a Premium Report today, an additional fee is required. Remember, you do not need to purchase a Premium Report to access the info that is available in Standard Reports.
                        
BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
No, thank you




THANK YOU FOR YOUR PURCHASE
Your Premium Report is now Ready
CLICK HERE TO SEE REPORT




There is a problem authorizing your charge on this card. Please try your card again or try another card.























Credit Card No.






Expiry Date

MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12


Year

                                                        2017

                                                        2018

                                                        2019

                                                        2020

                                                        2021

                                                        2022

                                                        2023

                                                        2024

                                                        2025

                                                        2026

                                                        2027

                                                        2028

                                                        2029

                                                        2030

                                                        2031

                                                        2032

                                                        2033




CVC 









BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
















×
You now have access to view Adam Burinescu's Premium Background Report.

The information in this report is gathered from Government, Social & Public Records gathered from across the web.

                                    Access Adam's Premium Background Report
                                    









×
MyLife Protects & Builds Your Reputation


MyLife gathers up-to-date Government, Social & Public Records so you know what's public everywhere online and help you build your reputation for employers, friends and others that search for you here and on Google.
We recommended you:

Edit & Correct Your Background Report
Complete Your Profile Providing Positive Details
Ask Friends for Positive Reviews
See Who's Checking Your Background
Remove Unwanted Records You Can't Control










×
Review posted! Register to get reply alerts



New to MyLife? Register today for FREE.

Already a member?  Log in







































Name




Email

We respect your privacy


Message


Register to send your email

Gender

                                I am
                                Male
Female



Birthday


MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12




DD




YYYY


Must be 13 years or older to join


ZIP Code



Password



Confirm Password




FIND MY PAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy




See & Monitor All Background Info That's Public On AnyoneWe'll show you all background information, personal reviews and other details from government records and proprietary sources across the web, plus alert you to changes.
Edit and Add-To Your Background Info, Personal Reviews and Social PostsControl your public details to look good to employers, clients, friends and anyone who finds you online.
Send Messages To Get In Touch With AnyoneGet complete contact info on anyone. Send unlimited messages to make valuable professional and personal contacts.












×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Adam Burinescu











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












�
Send a message to  Adam



Compose your message





































Your name




From



Message




SEND YOUR MESSAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy









×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Adam Burinescu











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












Find Anyone:

Find Anyone:
A|
B|
C|
D|
E|
F|
G|
H|
I|
J|
K|
L|
M|
N|
O|
P|
Q|
R|
S|
T|
U|
V|
W|
X|
Y|
Z







COMPANY
About Us
Testimonials
Press
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
FAQs




SERVICES
Monitor Your Identity
Remove Your Public Profiles
Background Check
See Who's Searching for You
Connect with Friends & Find People
Manage Your Membership




DIRECTORIES
People Search




Visit us on:












                Copyright © Thu Jul 27 02:08:59 PDT 2017 MyLife.com®, Inc. |
User Agreement |
Privacy Policy
U.S. Patent No. 6,701,348 and 6,694,353








	            * The other websites referenced on this site are owned and operated by their respective companies, and the associated trademarks and logos are the property of those companies. Links are provided for reference only and MyLife.com® does not imply any connection or relationship between MyLife.com® and these companies.
	        



 










Matches found A  Burinescu in          the United States
    | Intelius






















Sign In




People Search
Background Check
Criminal Records
Reverse Lookup
Employee Screening
Identity Protection
Intelius Premier




Reverse Lookup
People Search








We've found A  Burinescu


We've found 5 records on A  Burinescu across 1 states in the United States.
            These states include
                                             and New York.
                                       
Access phone number, address records, educational information, professional data, background checks and more on A  Burinescu with Intelius.

5 Records Found for A  Burinescu
                           Nationwide
                     




Name
Age
Lived At
Related to




1.
Adam M Burinescu
36
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Manhattan, NY                                                     Dallas, TX                                                     New York, NY                                                     Boston, MA                                               
 Andrea Burinescu Jason Burin Martin Burinescu Irene Burinescu 


2.
Armilene Coronel Burinescu

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Rye, NY                                                     New York, NY                                                     Parsippany, NJ                                               
 Ryan Burinescu Jonathan Burinescu Trisha Burinescu Kevin Burinescu 


3.
Armilene  Burinescu

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Rye, NY                                                     New York, NY                                               
 Trisha Burinescu Ryan Burinescu Jonathan Burinescu Kevin Burinescu 


4.
Andrea M Burinescu
35
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Manhattan, NY                                                     Boston, MA                                                     New York, NY                                                     Norwell, MA                                               
 David Donovan Peter Donovan Adam Burinescu 


5.
Abe  Burinescu

                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Brooklyn, NY                                               








5 Results for A  Burinescu have been Located in the Following States



New York
3
in 3 Cities







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











Extended Stay America -
    Executive Officers & Board of Directorslogincontact 
                  usExtendedStayAmerica.comclose 
                      [x]  username  password  create account  |  Login 
                      Help welcome back, My 
                  ReservationsView 
                  My ProfileEspañol 800.804.3724 investor relationssearch 
              by mapsuites 
              & amenitiesspecials 
              & promotionsfeatured 
              locationsOverviewCorporate ProfileAbout Extended StayCompany NewsNewsPresentationsTax FilingsSEC FilingsSEC FilingsCorporate GovernanceExtended Stay AmericaESH HospitalityStock InformationStock QuoteHistoric PricesDividendsAnnual ReportsProxy MaterialsShareholder ServicesEmail AlertsRequest InformationFAQsContact Informationinvestor searchEntire IR SitePress Releases OnlyFilings OnlyExecutive Officers & Board of DirectorsESH Hospitality





  Executive Officers

Expand All
Collapse All







Gerardo I. Lopez

                    President and Chief Executive Officer and Director





Gerardo Lopez joined as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company on August 24, 2015. Mr. Lopez, 56, has deep public-company experience across diverse consumer-focused industries and most recently had been the President and Chief Executive Officer of AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc. (“AMC”) since 2009. At AMC, Mr. Lopez transformed the world’s second largest movie exhibitor, returned the company to the public market through its initial public offering in December 2013 and delivered exceptional returns to shareholders since the IPO. Prior to joining AMC, Mr. Lopez served in a variety of senior and executive roles at Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ:SBUX), Handleman Company and PepsiCo Inc. (NYSE:PEP). Mr. Lopez serves on the board of directors of Brinker International (NYSE:EAT).






Jonathan S. Halkyard

					Chief Financial Officer






Jonathan S. Halkyard is the Chief Financial Officer of the Company and its paired-share REIT, ESH Hospitality, Inc. From October 2013 to December 2014, Mr. Halkyard served as Chief Operating Officer for the Company as well as Interim Chief Financial Officer from July 2014 to December 2014. From July 2012 to September 2013, Mr. Halkyard served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of NV Energy, Inc., a holding company providing energy services and products in Nevada, and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Nevada Power Company and Sierra Pacific Power Company. From March 1999 to May 2012, Mr. Halkyard held various positions with Caesars Entertainment Corporation (formerly known as Harrah's Entertainment, Inc.), including Vice President (2002 to 2005), Treasurer (2003 to 2010), Senior Vice President (2005 to 2010), Executive Vice President (2010 to 2012) and Chief Financial Officer (2006 to 2012). Mr. Halkyard currently serves on the board of directors of Dave & Buster's, Inc.









John R. Dent

					General Counsel and Corporate Secretary






John R. Dent is the General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company and its paired-share REIT, ESH Hospitality, Inc. From June 2000 to August 2014, Mr. Dent held a variety of positions at Hilton Worldwide, Inc., most recently as Senior Vice President and Deputy General Counsel. From 1990 to 2000, Mr. Dent served as a litigation attorney at Tuttle & Taylor, in Los Angeles, California. Mr. Dent holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from University of California at Los Angeles and a law degree from the University of Chicago Law School.







Howard J Weissman

					Chief Accounting Officer






Howard J. Weissman is Chief Accounting Officer, Corporate Controller of the Company. Mr. Weissman, 46, has served as Extended Stay’s Corporate Controller since November 2013 and served in the same position at HVM from December 2011 to November 2013. From May 2009 to December 2011, Mr. Weissman worked at Campus Crest Communities, Inc., serving as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller. From July 2007 through May 2009, Mr. Weissman was Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of EOP Operating Limited Partnership, LP, the private company successor to Equity Office Properties Trust, a commercial office real estate company owned by The Blackstone Group. From May 2003 through May 2007, Mr. Weissman served in a variety of positions with CarrAmerica Realty Corporation, a commercial office real estate company, including as Assistant Controller, Vice President of Shared Services and Controller.















  Board of Directors

Expand All
Collapse All






Gerardo I. Lopez

					President and Chief Executive Officer and Director






Gerardo I. Lopez has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation and ESH REIT and as a director of the Corporation and ESH REIT since August 2015. From March 2009 to August 2015, Mr. Lopez was the President and Chief Executive Officer and a director of AMC Entertainment. Prior to joining AMC Entertainment, he served as Executive Vice President of Starbucks Coffee Company and President of its Global Consumer Products, Seattle’s Best Coffee and Foodservice divisions from September 2004 to March 2009. From November 2001 to September 2004, Mr. Lopez served as President of the Handleman Entertainment Resources division of Handleman Company, a former music distribution company. Mr. Lopez has also held a variety of executive management positions with International Home Foods, Frito Lay, Pepsi-Cola and the Procter & Gamble Company. Mr. Lopez currently serves on the boards of directors of Brinker International, Inc. and CBRE Group, Inc. As our President and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Lopez provides our Board with valuable insight regarding the Company’s operations, management team, associates and culture, as a result of his day-to-day involvement in the operations of the business, and he performs a critical role in Board discussions regarding strategic planning and development for the Company. The Board also benefits from Mr. Lopez’s deep experience in multiple-unit consumer-facing industries.








Douglas 
				G. Geoga
					Chairman of the Board 






Douglas G. Geoga has served as Chairman of the Board of the Corporation since July 2013 and as Chairman of the board of directors of ESH
REIT since November 2013. Mr. Geoga served as a non-voting 
member and the Non-Executive Chairman of our predecessor entities, ESH Hospitality Holdings LLC (“Holdings”) and ESH Strategies Holdings
LLC (“Strategies Holdings”), from October 2010 to November 2013. Mr. Geoga is President and Chief Executive Officer of Salt Creek Hospitality,
LLC, a privately-held firm engaged in making investments in the hospitality industry and providing related advisory services. He serves as a
director of Carefree Communities, Inc., a company that owns and operates a chain of recreational vehicle/mobile home communities in the United
States and Canada. Mr. Geoga also serves as a consultant to Atlantica Investment Holdings Limited, which through affiliated companies is the
second largest manager of hotels in Brazil. From October 2012 until September 2015, Mr. Geoga also served as Executive Chairman of Foundations
Recovery Network, LLC, an owner and operator of residential and outpatient substance abuse treatment centers. Since 2002, Mr. Geoga has
served, and from November 2002 to December 2009, Mr. Geoga’s primary occupation was serving, as principal of Geoga Group, LLC, an investment
and advisory consulting firm focused primarily on the hospitality industry. Until July 2006, Mr. Geoga’s primary occupation was serving as the
President of Global Hyatt Corporation and as the President of Hyatt Corporation and the President of AIC Holding Co., the parent corporation of
Hyatt International Corporation, both privately-held subsidiaries of Global Hyatt Corporation which collectively operated the Hyatt chain of hotels
throughout the world. In addition, from 2000 through 2005, Mr. Geoga served as President of Hospitality Investment Fund, LLC, a privately-held
firm which was engaged in making investments in lodging and hospitality companies and projects. He also serves on the board of directors and
audit committee of Kemper Corporation and the audit committee of ESH REIT.
Mr. Geoga’s history as president of Hyatt Corporation, a global leader in its industry, as well as his extensive experience in private business
investment, brings to the Board the perspective of both an operating executive and one who is sophisticated in corporate investments and finance.











Adam M. Burinescu





Adam M. Burinescu has served as a director of ESH REIT since October 2016. Mr. Burinescu is a Managing Director at Centerbridge, where he focuses on investments in the real estate sector. Prior to joining Centerbridge in 2012, Mr. Burinescu was a Director at Rockpoint Group, L.L.C. in Boston, where he focused on investing in opportunistic real estate assets. Prior to that, Mr. Burinescu worked at Morgan Stanley advising corporate clients in the investment banking group as well as making principal investments on behalf of the Morgan Stanley Real Estate Funds. Mr. Burinescu was appointed by Centerbridge to serve as a director of ESH REIT. Mr. Burinescu’s experience in real estate brings to the Board an understanding of real estate issues and risks that affect ESH REIT. Mr. Burinescu was recommended as a director nominee by the Sponsors pursuant to the stockholders agreement. See “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions—Related Party Transactions—Stockholders Agreement” for a description of the terms of the agreement. Our Board has affirmatively determined that Messrs. Geoga, Brown and Kent and Mmes. Anand and Palmer are independent under the rules of the SEC and NYSE.






Lisa Palmer






Lisa Palmer has served as a director of ESH REIT since August 2014. Ms. Palmer is the President and Chief Financial Officer of Regency
Centers Corporation. Ms. Palmer has served in a variety of positions with Regency Centers Corporation, including as Senior Manager of
Investment Services (from 1996 to 1999), Vice President of Capital Markets (from 1999 to 2003), Senior Vice President of Capital Markets (from 2003
to 2013) and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (from 2013 to 2015). Prior to joining Regency, Ms. Palmer worked with Accenture,
formerly Andersen Consulting Strategic Services, as a consultant and financial analyst for General Electric.
Ms. Palmer’s extensive financial experience and real estate background brings to the Board a significant understanding of the financial and
real estate issues and risks that affect ESH REIT.









Kapila K. Anand






Ms. Kapila K. Anand has served as a director of the Corporation since July 2016. Ms Anand served as an audit and later advisory partner at KPMG LLP from 1989 until her retirement in March 2016. Ms. Anand joined KPMG LLP in 1979 and served in a variety of roles in addition to her role as a partner, including the National Partner-in-Charge, Public Policy Business Initiatives (from 2008 to 2013) and segment leader for the Travel, Leisure, and Hospitality industry and member of the Global Real Estate Steering Committee (each from 2013 to 2016). Ms. Anand has served on KMPG LLP boards in the U.S. and Americas, the board of the Franciscan Ministries, and as the chair of both the KPMG Foundation as well as the Chicago Network. She is currently the Lead Director for the Women Corporate Directors Education and Development Foundation and serves on a variety of non-profit boards including Rush University Medical Center and the US Fund for UNICEF. Ms. Anand currently serves as a member of the audit committee of the Corporation.







Neil Brown






Mr. Neil Brown has served as a director since May 2017. He is the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of ArchCo Residential LLC, a multifamily development company which he established in March 2013 to pursue multifamily development opportunities in select markets across the United States. From September 2010 to February 2013, Mr. Brown served as Chief Development Officer of Archstone, a former developer of apartment communities in the United States. Mr. Brown joined Archstone in 1996. Before joining Archstone, he started the Florida regional office of JPI, a real estate development and investment management company, and served as its Regional Vice President and Regional Partner. Prior to JPI, Mr. Brown was a Partner with Trammell Crow Residential, a multifamily real estate developer. Mr. Brown served in the United States Army for four years attaining the rank of Captain.











Steven Kent






Mr. Steven Kent has served as a director since May 2017. He founded Brewster Bay Advisors, LLC in 2016, to act as a thought partner and advisor to board members, CEOs, CFOs and heads of corporate development in regard to capital markets. In January 2017, Mr. Kent joined the faculty at the NYU School of Professional Studies, Jonathan M. Tisch Center for Hospitality and Tourism as Director of Industry Relations and as a Visiting Clinical Assistant Professor. He also joined the adjunct faculty at Boston University School of Hospitality. Prior to that, Mr. Kent served in a variety of positions with Goldman, Sachs & Co. Inc., including as founder of the firm's Global Hospitality Investment Research Practice in 1993, Managing Director in the Leisure & Hospitality Group (from 2003 to 2016) and Vice President (from 1993 to 2003) and Associate (from 1990 to 1993) in the Emerging Growth & Hospitality Group. From 1987 to 1990, Mr. Kent served as a research analyst at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette. Mr. Kent received a CFA in 1993.











Home  |   About 
                  Us  |   Contact 
                  Us  |   Investor Relations   |   News 
                  & Announcements   |   Careers  |   Hotels  |   Hotel 
                  Directory  |   Privacy  |   Terms 
                  & ConditionsRewards 
                  & Promotions  |   Road Warrior Tips  |   Affiliates  |   Travel 
                  Agents  |   Mobile  |   Español  |   Help  |   Site 
                  MapQuick Links:   Why Extended Stay 
                  America  |   Studio 
                  Hotel Rooms  |   Business 
                  TravelExtended Stay America Specials :   Extended Stay Discounts  |   AAA Hotel Discounts  |   Last Minute Hotel DealsPopular Destinations:   Washington, D.C. Hotels  |   Chicago 
                  Hotels  |   Los 
                  Angeles HotelsCopyright 2017, © SNL Financial LC  Terms of Use© 
          Extended Stay America 


















RTS
     ADAM-M Mid-Size Modular Matrix Intercom



 One moment please while we configure
        RTSIntercoms.com
        for you...
 





 Welcome to RTS. Please specify your country so we can customize your experience.




													The Americas
										





Canada






United States










													Asia & the Pacific Rim
										





Australia




Indonesia




India




Japan






South Korea




Laos




Myanmar




Malaysia






New Zealand




Philippines




Pakistan




Singapore






Thailand




Vietnam










													Europe,
								the Middle East, & Africa
										





United Arab Emirates




Albania




Angola




Austria




Bosnia and Herzegovina




Belgium




Burkina Faso




Bulgaria




Bahrain




Burundi




Benin




Botswana




Democratic Republic of the Congo




Central African Republic




Congo




Switzerland




Côte d'Ivoire




Cameroon




Cape Verde




Czech Republic




Germany




Djibouti




Denmark




Algeria




Estonia






Egypt




Eritrea




Spain




Ethiopia




Finland




France




Gabon




United Kingdom




Ghana




Gambia




Guinea




Equatorial Guinea




Greece




Guinea-Bissau




Croatia




Hungary




Ireland




Israel




Iraq




Italy




Jordan




Kenya




Comoros




Kuwait




Lebanon






Liberia




Lesotho




Lithuania




Latvia




Libyan Arab Jamahiriya




Morocco




Montenegro




Madagascar




Macedonia




Mali




Mauritania




Malta




Mauritius




Malawi




Mozambique




Namibia




Niger




Nigeria




Netherlands




Norway




Oman




Poland




Portugal




Qatar




Romania






Serbia




Russia




Rwanda




Saudi Arabia




Seychelles




Sudan




Sweden




Slovenia




Slovakia




Sierra Leone




Senegal




Somalia




São Tomé and Príncipe




Swaziland




Chad




Togo




Tunisia




Turkey




Tanzania




Ukraine




Uganda




South Africa




Zambia










													China
										





China










													Latin America
										





Argentina




Bolivia




Brazil






Chile




Colombia




Ecuador






Guyana




México




Perú






Paraguay




Uruguay




Venezuela










 











Products
News
Downloads & Documents
Support
      
Company

            My RTS  
            




AlbaniaAlgeriaAngolaArgentinaAustraliaAustriaBahrainBelgiumBeninBoliviaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBrazilBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaColombiaComorosCongoCôte d'IvoireCroatiaCzech RepublicDemocratic Republic of the CongoDenmarkDjiboutiEcuadorEgyptEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFinlandFranceGabonGambiaGermanyGhanaGreeceGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHungaryIndiaIndonesiaIraqIrelandIsraelItalyJapanJordanKenyaKuwaitLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyan Arab JamahiriyaLithuaniaMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaliMaltaMauritaniaMauritiusMéxicoMontenegroMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNetherlandsNew ZealandNigerNigeriaNorwayOmanPakistanParaguayPerúPhilippinesPolandPortugalQatarRomaniaRussiaRwandaSão Tomé and PríncipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth KoreaSpainSudanSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandTaiwanTanzaniaThailandTogoTunisiaTurkeyUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUruguayVenezuelaVietnamZambia 


CHIENGFREGERJPNPORRUSSPA 





Digital Matrix | Partyline | Wireless | Headsets | OMNEO

LinkedIn | Articles | Events Calendar | Video Gallery | eNewsletter | Apparel & Accessories
Firmware| Manuals | Software | All Downloads 

Frequency Band Estimator |
                  Call Support
LinkedIn | About Us
            | Careers
            | Contact |
            
Events Calendar



Login | Register | Forgot My Password





My RTS


Email





Password









I need to register
I forgot my password
What is My RTS?



Protected file




Email





Password









I need to register
I forgot my passwordWhat is My RTS?



Manual Authorization Required
You must be manually authorization to access this file






File







 

        Home —•
Products —•

            OMNEO             —•




                  ADAM                  

                  ADAM                  

                  ADAM-M                  

                  ADAM-M                  

                  Cronus                  

                  DKP-4016                  

                  EKP-4016                  

                  KP 12 CLD                  

                  KP-4016                  

                  KP-5032                  

                  OEI-2                  

                  OKI                  

                  OMI                  

                  RP-1000 Series                  

                  Zeus III                  

                  Zeus III LE+                  







http://www.rtsintercoms.com
http://www.rts.com

ADAM-M
Mid-Size Modular Matrix Intercom





 Features Specifications 



8 GPIO's Standard per FrameCompatible with most all Current & Legacy RTS Digital Matrix Intercom Keypanels & AccessoriesDual-Purpose Ports Support BOTH Keypanel and Four-Wire AudioSupports Fully Redundant Power Supplies & ControllersIndividual Cross-Point Level ControlsIntegrated Support for RTS Intelligent TrunkingMulti-Level IFB, ISO, Party Lines, Groups, and GPI's all STANDARDNon-Volatile Configuration & Crosspoint MemoryRealTime Online Configuration & MonitoringRTS UPL (User-Programmable Language) for Custom System Configurations via Pull-down MenusSupports 16 to 448 users per system based on 3 RU frame(s)Supports Custom Cards for Widely Used Industry InterfaceWidest Variety of Interface Cards in the IndustryWidest Variety of Wiring Options in the Industry 



AC Input

              90-264VAC, 50/60Hz VAC              


AES Audio

              No              


Audio Bits

              24              


Audio Levels

              +8dBu Nominal,  +20dBu Max              


Bus Expansion

              Yes              


Cable Length

              TBX fiber single mode 40km Multimode 550m              


Color

              Dark Grey              


Depth

              20" (508 mm)              


Ethernet Port

              Yes              


Frequency Response

              15 Hz to 20 KHz +/- 1dB              


Height

              5.25" (133.4 mm)              


Impedance

              600 Ω              


Input Impedance

              22KΩ KΩ              


Integrated Party-Line Interface

              No              


Intuitive User Interface

              Yes              


Link Method

              Single Mode Fiber or Multi Mode Fiber              


Matrix PC Connection

              Ethernet Serial              


Non-Destructive Download

              Yes              


Operating Humidity

              95 % Non-condensing              


Operating Temperature

              0°C to +50 °C              


Port Capacity: Single Frame

              128              


Rack Units

              3              


Redundant Controllers

              Yes              


Redundant Power Supplies

              Yes              


Regulatory Approval

              UL, CSA, CE, VDE, FCC, PSE, REACH, RoHS, WEEE, CCC, KC, ACMA C-Tick, China RoHS, and IECEE CB Scheme              


Relays

              External GPIO-16              


Remote Configuration

              Yes              


Storage Humidity

              95 % Non-condensing              


Storage Temperature

              -40°C to +55 °C              


Trunking

              Yes              


VOX on Input

              Yes              


Width

              19" (482.6 mm)              






Downloads



  
        Application guides         



 
            Applicaiton Notes: AES67             
            243            KB
                        | April 19, 2017  


  
        Catalogs         



 
            RTS Full-Line Catalog             
            7.58            MB
                        | April 14, 2017  


  
        Drawings         



 
            VoIP System Interconnect Diagram             
            865            KB
                        | November 6, 2014  


  
        Editorials         



 
            RTS - Game, Set, Match - TV-BAY MAGAZINE ISSUE 87 MARCH 2014             
            723            KB
                        | November 6, 2014  



 
            No broadcast without flawless communication             
            2.75            MB
                        | September 14, 2015  


  
        Images         



 
            ADAM-M Front             
            600            KB
                        | November 6, 2014  



 
            ADAM-M Rear             
            569            KB
                        | November 6, 2014  



 
            ADAM-M Styled             
            654            KB
                        | November 6, 2014  



 
            ADAM-M Iso-Right             
            584            KB
                        | November 6, 2014  



 
            ADAM-M Iso-Left             
            525            KB
                        | November 6, 2014  


  
        Manuals         



 
            SNMP and AZedit Application Note             
            309            KB
                        | April 21, 2016  



 
            MADI 16 Plus Manual             
            2.56            MB
                        | April 21, 2016  



 
            OMI - ADAM-M Quick Start Guide             
            1.88            MB
                        | April 21, 2016  



 
            ADAM-M System Installation Guide             
            10.26            MB
                        | April 21, 2016  



 
            Tri Bus User Manual             
            2.81            MB
                        | November 6, 2014  



 
            AZ-Edit User Manual             
            5.88            MB
                        | November 6, 2014  



 
            OMNEO Resource Guide             
            1.04            MB
                        | May 5, 2016  


  
        Technical data sheets         



 
            ADAM-M Technical Data Sheet             
            344            KB
                        | April 21, 2016  



 
            RJ-45 Backcard for ADAM-M             
            299            KB
                        | November 6, 2014  


  
        White papers         



 
            Adding Dante to Your Network Audinate             
            158            KB
                        | April 4, 2016  



 
            Dante Network Unsupported EEE Switches Audinate             
            71            KB
                        | April 4, 2016  



 
            IP Networks Used for Intercom             
            70            KB
                        | May 5, 2016  



 
            OMNEO Configuration             
            1.89            MB
                        | May 5, 2016  



 
            OMNEO Network Requirements and Considerations             
            177            KB
                        | April 4, 2016  



 
            A Users Guide to Trunking             
            606            KB
                        | November 6, 2014  



 
            Basic Network Configuration             
            748            KB
                        | November 6, 2014  



 
            Breakout Panel Resource Guide             
            655            KB
                        | November 6, 2014  



 
            RTS Statement on Trunking             
            85            KB
                        | November 6, 2014  


  
        Warranties         



 
            After Sales Service Programs & Policies             
            232            KB
                        | November 6, 2014  


 Language 



































Related News


 
          Indian Wells Tennis Garden selects RTS and Electro-Voice audio products for Stadium 1 upgrade           
 
          RTS for new AIDA cruises flagship           
 
          NBC Olympics selects RTS as its broadcast intercom provider for its production of 2016 Olympic Games in Rio           
 
          ONE TV MotoGP coverage assisted by RTS intercoms           
 
          RTS streamlines communications for the Volkswagen Group at biggest auto show in the US           
 
          RTS streamlines communications for the Volkswagen Group at biggest auto show in the US           
 
          Leading medical congress ensures communication with RTS and OMNEO           
 
          World-class tennis from Wimbledon with NEP Visions and RTS           
 
          RTS+ OMNEO at Microsoft Production Studios           
 
          RTS+OMNEO becomes proven game-changer at Super Bowl XLVIII           
 
          New dblux outside broadcast vehicle with RTS           
 
          RTS+OMNEO wins industry award at NAB 2013           
 
          RTS + OMNEO: introducing the first generation of OMNEO-compatible RTS intercom matrix products at NAB 2013            
 
          Jeff Berryman (RTS/Bosch) to present paper Ã¢â‚¬Å“The Open Control ArchitectureÃ¢â‚¬Â...           
 
          RTS draws a positive balance from successful IBC           
 
          RTS secures communications in the Moulin Rouge           
 
          Case Study: RTS VLink extends TBS production capabilities with Internet-enabled studio and location Intercom           
 
          New RTS VLink intercom gateway supports EBU Tech 3347 Standard           



Related products


 




4030M 
1-CH IFB Beltpack "Passive Device" 







 




AIO-16 
16-Port Analog I/O Card Kit for ADAM 







 




AZEdit 
Configuration Software for RTS Matrix Intercoms 







 




IC-8-8 
Breakout Cable 







 




MC-ADAM 
Master Controller Card Kit for ADAM 







 




MCII-E 
Ethernet Master Controller Card Kit for ADAM 







 




OMI 
OMNEO Matrix Interface Card 







 




RJ-45 Backcard 
RJ-45 Backcard for ADAM-M 







 




RTS VLink Virtual Matrix 
"Try it Free for 30 Days" 







 




RVON-16 
16-Port VoIP Card Kit for the ADAM series 







 




TBX-Tribus 
Triple-Bus Expander Card Kit for ADAM 







 




XCP-16-DB9-T 
DB-9 Breakout Panel 







 




XCP-24 
Telco Breakout Panel 







 




XCP-24-USOC 
Telco Breakout Panel 







 




XCP-32-DB9 
DB-9 Breakout for Expansion of ADAM/Cronus 







 




XCP-40-DB9 
DB-9 Breakout Panel for Expansion of ADAM at 40+, 80+ & 120+ 







 




XCP-40-RJ11 
RJ-11 Breakout Panel for Expansion of ADAM at 40+, 80+ & 120+ 







 




XCP-48-RJ45 
RJ-45 Breakout for Expansion of ADAM/Cronus 







 




XCP-48-TELCO 
TELCO Breakout for Expansion of ADAM/Cronus 







 




XCP-955 
RJ-11 Breakout Panel 







 




XCP-ADAM-MC 
Breakout Panel 













 Contact | eNewsletter 
© 2017 Bosch Security Systems, Inc. | All rights reserved. | Legal | Environmental Policy |  Feedback



  Share this with:
  







 Tweet

 Email








RICHARD F  WALLMAN - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











RICHARD F  WALLMAN
Check out list of companies and businesses related to RICHARD F  WALLMAN. Find out RICHARD F  WALLMAN address and contact details. View other people related to RICHARD F  WALLMAN - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

    




Companies related to RICHARD F  WALLMAN
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0000773840HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC115 TABOR ROAD  MORRIS PLAINS 079500000882835ROPER TECHNOLOGIES INCDirector 6901 PROFESSIONAL PKWY EAST SUITE 200 SARASOTA 342400001062047CONVERGYS CORPDirector 201 EAST FOURTH STREET PO BOX 1638 CINCINNATI 452010001100682CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL INCDirector 251 BALLARDVALE ST  WILMINGTON 018870001237941HAYES LEMMERZ INTERNATIONAL INC15300 CENTENNIAL DRIVE  NORTHVILLE 481670001492658Wright Medical Group N.V.Director PRINS BERNHARDPLEIN 200  AMSTERDAM 1097JB0001507563ESH Hospitality, Inc.11525 N. COMMUNITY HOUSE ROAD SUITE 100 CHARLOTTE 282770001581164Extended Stay America, Inc.Director 11525 N. COMMUNITY HOUSE ROAD, SUITE 100  CHARLOTTE 28277




RICHARD F  WALLMAN on the Web
Persons related to RICHARD F  WALLMAN - HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INCNamePositionCityDarius  AdamczykPresident & COO MORRISTOWNDarius  AdamczykPresident and CEO, PMT MORRIS TOWNSHIPKatherine L.  AdamsSVP and General Counsel MORRISTOWNKatherine L.  AdamsSr. VP & General Counsel MORRISTOWNKatherine L.  AdamsSVP and General Counsel MORRISTOWNKatherine L.  AdamsSr. VP & General Counsel MORRIS TOWNSHIPDAVID J  ANDERSONDAVID J  ANDERSONSr. VP & CFO MORRISTOWNDAVID J  ANDERSONSenior VP & CFO WHITE PLAINSDAVID J  ANDERSONSenior VP & CFO MORRISTOWNDAVID J  ANDERSONSr. VP & CFO MORRISTOWNWILLIAM S  AYERDirector SEATTLEWILLIAM S  AYERDirector MORRIS TOWNSHIPHANS W  BECHERERHANS W  BECHERERDirector MOLINEHANS W  BECHERERDirector MORRISTOWNGORDON M  BETHUNEDirector GORDON M  BETHUNEDirector MORRIS TOWNSHIPGORDON M  BETHUNEDirector HOUSTONGORDON M  BETHUNEDirector MORRISTOWNAdriane M  BrownPresident &CEO, TS MORRISTOWNAdriane M  BrownPresident &CEO, TS MORRISTOWNAdriane M  BrownSVP, Energy Strategy MORRISTOWNAdriane M  BrownPresident & CEO, TS MORRISTOWNKEVIN  BURKEDirector NEW YORKKEVIN  BURKEDirector MORRISTOWNKEVIN  BURKEDirector MORRIS TOWNSHIPMARSHALL N  CARTERMARSHALL N  CARTERDirector BOSTONMARSHALL N  CARTERDirector MORRISTOWNDAVID M  COTEDirector DAVID M  COTEChairman & CEO MORRISTOWNDAVID M  COTEChairman & CEO MORRISTOWNDAVID M  COTEChairman & CEO MORRISTOWNDAVID M  COTEChairman & CEO MORRIS TOWNSHIPD SCOTT  DAVISDirector ATLANTAD SCOTT  DAVISMORRISTOWND SCOTT  DAVISDirector D SCOTT  DAVISDirector MORRISTOWND SCOTT  DAVISDirector MORRIS TOWNSHIPLinnet F  DeilyDirector HOUSTONLinnet F  DeilyDirector MORRISTOWNLinnet F  DeilyDirector MORRISTOWNLinnet F  DeilyDirector MORRIS TOWNSHIPNANCE K  DICCIANINANCE K  DICCIANIPresident & CEO, Materials MORRISTOWNNANCE K  DICCIANIPresident & CEO, SM MORRISTOWNNANCE K  DICCIANIPresident & CEO, SM MORRISTOWNNANCE K  DICCIANIPresident and CEO, SM MORRISTOWNROGER  FRADINVice Chairman MELVILLEROGER  FRADINPresident and CEO, ACS MORRISTOWNROGER  FRADINPresident & CEO, ACS MORRISTOWNROGER  FRADINPresident & CEO, ACS MORRISTOWN,ROGER  FRADINVice Chairman MORRIS TOWNSHIPROGER  FRADINVice Chairman MORRIS TOWNSHIPROGER  FRADINVice Chairman MORRISTOWNROGER  FRADINDirector MORRISTOWNROGER  FRADINDirector MORRISTOWNROGER  FRADINVice Chairman MORRISTOWNROGER  FRADINPresident and CEO, ACS MORRISTOWNROGER  FRADINPresident & CEO, ACS MORRISTOWNRajeev  GautamPresident & CEO, PMT MORRIS PLAINSROBERT J  GILLETTEROBERT J  GILLETTEPresident &CEO, TPS TORRANCEROBERT J  GILLETTEPresident & CEO, Aerospace MORRISTOWNROBERT J  GILLETTEPresident & CEO, Aerospace MORRISTOWNROBERT J  GILLETTEPresident and CEO, Aerospace MORRISTOWNJ KEVIN  GILLIGANJ KEVIN  GILLIGANPresident and Chief Executive ST. LOUIS PARKJ KEVIN  GILLIGANPresident and CEO / ACS MINEAPOLISJudd A.  GreggDirector ATLANTAJudd A.  GreggDirector MORRISTOWNJudd A.  GreggDirector MORRIS TOWNSHIPTALIA M  GRIEPVice President and Controller MORRISTOWNTALIA M  GRIEPVice President and Controller MORRISTOWNTALIA M  GRIEPVice President and Controller MORRISTOWNTerrence  HahnPresident & CEO, HBT MORRISTOWNTerrence  HahnPresident & CEO, TS MORRISTOWNCLIVE R  HOLLICKDirector CLIVE R  HOLLICKDirector MORRISTOWNCLIVE R  HOLLICKDirector MORRIS TOWNSHIPJAMES J  HOWARDJAMES J  HOWARDDirector MINEAPOLISJAMES J  HOWARDDirector MORRISTOWNJAMES J  HOWARDDirector MORRISTOWNAlexandre  IsmailPres. & CEO, ACS MORRISTOWNAlexandre  IsmailPres Energy, Safety & Security MORRISTOWNAlexandre  IsmailPresident and CEO, ACS MORRIS TOWNSHIPMark R.  JamesSVP HR, Comm & Procur MORRISTOWNMark R.  JamesSVP-HR Procur & Communications MORRISTOWNMark R.  JamesSr. VP, HR & Communications MORRISTOWNMark R.  JamesSVP-HR Procur & Communications MORRIS TOWNSHIPROBERT D  JOHNSONROBERT D  JOHNSONPresident &CEO, Aerospace PHOENIXROBERT D  JOHNSONPresident &CEO, Aerospace MORRISTOWNBRUCE  KARATZBRUCE  KARATZDirector MORRISTOWNBRUCE  KARATZDirector MINEAPOLISLARRY E  KITTELBERGERLARRY E  KITTELBERGERSVP, Technology & Operations MORRISTOWNLARRY E  KITTELBERGERSVP, Technology and Operations MORRISTOWNLARRY E  KITTELBERGERSenior VP and CIO LOUISVILLELARRY E  KITTELBERGERSenior V. P.  Admin. and CIO MORRISTOWNLARRY E  KITTELBERGERSenior VP and CIO MORRISTOWNLARRY E  KITTELBERGERSVP, Technology & Operations MORRISTOWNAndreas  KramvisVice Chairman MORRISTOWNAndreas  KramvisVice Chairman MORRISTOWNAndreas  KramvisVice Chairman MORRIS TOWNSHIPPETER M  KREINDLERPETER M  KREINDLERSenior VP and GC MORRISTOWNPETER M  KREINDLERSr. VP and General Counsel MORRISTOWNPETER M  KREINDLERSVP, Gov. & Regulatory Affairs MORRISTOWNPETER M  KREINDLERSr. VP and General Counsel MORRISTOWNGrace  LiebleinDirector MORRISTOWNGrace  LiebleinDirector NJGrace  LiebleinDirector MORRIS TOWNSHIPROBERT P  LUCIANOROBERT P  LUCIANODirector MADISONTimothy O.  MahoneyPresident and CEO, Aerospace MORRISTOWNTimothy O.  MahoneyPresident and CEO, Aerospace MORRISTOWNTimothy O.  MahoneyPresident and CEO, Aerospace MORRIS TOWNSHIPJennifer H  MakVice President and Controller MORRIS PLAINSAdam  MatteoVice President & Controller MORRISTOWNAdam  MatteoVice President & Controller MORRISTOWNAdam  MatteoVice President and Controller MORRIS TOWNSHIPKrishna  MikkilineniSrVP, Engineering, Ops & IT MORRISTOWNKrishna  MikkilineniSVP, Engineering & Operations MORRISTOWNKrishna  MikkilineniSrVP, Engineering, Ops & IT MORRIS TOWNSHIPRUSSELL E  PALMERDirector RUSSELL E  PALMERDirector MORRISTOWNJAIME CHICO /FA  PARDODirector JAIME CHICO /FA  PARDODirector MORRISTOWNJAIME CHICO /FA  PARDODirector MORRIS TOWNSHIPGEORGE  PAZDirector MARYLAND HEIGHTSGEORGE  PAZDirector MORRISTOWNGEORGE  PAZDirector MORRISTOWNGeorge  PazDirector MORRIS TOWNSHIPIVAN G  SEIDENBERGIVAN G  SEIDENBERGDirector MORRISTOWNIVAN G  SEIDENBERGDirector NEW YORKIVAN G  SEIDENBERGDirector NEW YORKBRADLEY T  SHEARESDirector BRADLEY T  SHEARESMORRISTOWNBRADLEY T  SHEARESDirector MORRIS TOWNSHIPBRADLEY T  SHEARESDirector MORRISTOWNBRADLEY T  SHEARESDirector MORRISTOWNBRADLEY T  SHEARESDirector MORRISTOWNERIC K  SHINSEKIDirector ERIC K  SHINSEKIDirector MORRISTOWNERIC K  SHINSEKIDirector MORRISTOWNJOHN R  STAFFORDDirector JOHN R  STAFFORDDirector MADISONJOHN R  STAFFORDDirector MORRISTOWNThomas A  SzlosekSenior VP & CFO MORRISTOWNThomas A  SzlosekSenior VP & CFO MORRISTOWNThomas A  SzlosekSr. VP & CFO MORRISTOWNThomas A  SzlosekVP & Controller MORRISTOWNThomas A  SzlosekSr. VP & CFO MORRIS TOWNSHIPJOHN J  TUSVP and Corporate Controller MORRISTOWNJohn F.  WaldronPresident & CEO, SPS MORRIS PLAINSRICHARD F  WALLMANRICHARD F  WALLMANSenior VP and CFO MORRISTOWNRobin L  WashingtonDirector BEAVERTONRobin L  WashingtonDirector MORRIS TOWNSHIPRobin L  WashingtonDirector MORRISTOWNTHOMAS W  WEIDENKOPFSr VP of HR & Communications MORRISTOWNTHOMAS W  WEIDENKOPFSr. VP, HR & Communications MORRISTOWNTHOMAS W  WEIDENKOPFSr. VP, HR & Communications MORRISTOWNTHOMAS W  WEIDENKOPFSr.VP, HR and Communications MORRISTOWNKathleen A  WintersVice President and Controller MORRISTOWNKathleen A  WintersVice President and Controller MORRISTOWNMICHAEL W  WRIGHTMICHAEL W  WRIGHTDirector MINEAPOLISMICHAEL W  WRIGHTDirector MORRISTOWNMICHAEL W  WRIGHTDirector MORRISTOWNPersons related to RICHARD F  WALLMAN - ROPER TECHNOLOGIES INCNamePositionCityW LAWRENCE  BANKSDirector HEREFORDSHIREW LAWRENCE  BANKSDirector SARASOTAAMY WOODS  BRINKLEYDirector BASSETTDONALD G  CALDERNEW YORKDONALD G  CALDERDirector DULUTHJason  ConleyVice President and Controller SARASOTARobert  CrisciVice President and CFO SARASOTAN WILL  CROCKERVP, Instrumentation DULUTHN WILL  CROCKERVP, Instrumentation SARASOTASHANLER G  CRONKVP, General Counsel &Secretary DULUTHDAVID W  DEVONSHIREDirector SCHAUMBURGDAVID W  DEVONSHIREDirector SARASOTADAVID W  DEVONSHIREDirector NORTH BARRINGTONDAVID W  DEVONSHIREDirector LAKE FORESTJOHN F  FORT IIIDirector PRINCETONJOHN F  FORT IIIDirector HOUSTONJOHN F  FORT IIIDirector SARASOTAMARTIN S  HEADLEYVP,Chief Financial Officer DULUTHJohn  HumphreyEVP, Chief Financial Officer DULUTHJohn  HumphreyEVP, Chief Financial Officer SARASOTABRIAN D  JELLISONCEO & President DULUTHBRIAN D  JELLISONCEO & President SARASOTAROBERT D  JOHNSONDirector ROBERT D  JOHNSONDirector SARASOTAROBERT D  JOHNSONDirector DULUTHDERRICK N  KEYDERRICK N  KEYDirector ATHENSDERRICK N  KEYDirector BLUFFTONROBERT E  KNOWLING JRDirector ROBERT E  KNOWLING JRDirector SARASOTADavid B  LinerVP, General Counsel & Secretar DULUTHDavid B  LinerVP, General Counsel & Secretar SARASOTAJAMES A  MANNEBACHVP, Industrial Technology DULUTHC THOMAS  OGRADYVP,Mergers & Acquisitions DULUTHWILBUR J  PREZZANODirector CHARLESTONWILBUR J  PREZZANODirector CHARLESTONWILBUR J  PREZZANODirector SARASOTARIAUCOUR GEORGE GRAF  SCHALLDirector MUNICHERIBERTO R  SCOCIMARADirector GREENWICHERIBERTO R  SCOCIMARADirector GREENWICHPaul J  SoniVice President & Controller DULUTHPaul J  SoniVice President & Controller SARASOTAJohn K  StipancichVP, GC & Secretary ATLANTALaura G  ThatcherDirector SARASOTAMichael W  ToweVP, Chief Financial Officer DULUTHRICHARD F  WALLMANDirector RICHARD F  WALLMANDirector DULUTHRICHARD F  WALLMANDirector SARASOTATIMOTHY J  WINFREDVP,Energy Systems & Controls DULUTHTIMOTHY J  WINFREYVP,Energy Systems & Controls DULUTHTIMOTHY J  WINFREYVP,Energy Systems & Controls SARASOTABENJAMIN W  WOODVP Scientific and Industrial I DULUTHBENJAMIN W  WOODVP Scientific and Industrial I SARASOTACHRISTOPHER  WRIGHTDirector NEW YORKCHRISTOPHER  WRIGHTDirector SOUTHPORTCHRISTOPHER  WRIGHTDirector SARASOTAPersons related to RICHARD F  WALLMAN - CONVERGYS CORPNamePositionCityAndrea J.  AyersPresident & CEO CINCINNATIZOE  BAIRDDirector NEW YORKJOHN F  BARRETTDirector CINCINNATICHERYL K  BEEBEDirector WESTCHESTERCHERYL K  BEEBECINCINNATIMichael J  BetzerSenior Vice President CINCINNATIKaren R  BowmanGeneral Counsel & Secretary CINCINNATIJames P  BoyceSenior Vice President CINCINNATIWillard Woodson  Brittain JRDirector CINCINNATICHERYL N  CAMPBELLVP Public Relations CINCINNATIClaudia L.  ClineEVP & General Counsel CINCINNATIMarjorie Mary  ConnellyCOO NORFOLKMarjorie Mary  ConnellyCOO CINCINNATITHOMAS A  CRUZSVP HR and Admin. CINCINNATIBrian James  DelaneyChief Operating Officer CINCINNATIRICHARD R  DEVENUTIDirector ST. PAULRICHARD R  DEVENUTIDirector CINCINNATIDAVID B  DILLONDirector CINCINNATIDAVID F  DOUGHERTYPresident, CEO CINCINNATIERIC C  FASTDirector STAMFORDJEFFREY H  FOXDirector LITTLE ROCKJEFFREY H  FOXDirector LITTLE ROCKJOHN C  FREKERPresident CMG CINCINNATIJOSEPH E  GIBBSDirector CINCINNATIJohn B  GibsonSenior Vice President CINCINNATIJames A  GoetzCIO CINCINNATIMAUREEN P  GOVERNSVP Chief Technology CINCINNATITaylor C  GreenwaldChief Accounting Officer CINCINNATICLARK D  HANDYSVP Human Resources CINCINNATIWILLIAM H  HAWKINS IISVP General Counsel CINCINNATIJOAN E  HERMANDirector JOAN E  HERMANDirector CINCINNATIJulia A  HoustonGeneral Counsel, Corp. Sec. CINCINNATIROGER L  HOWEDirector CINCINNATIJANA PARTNERS LLC10% Owner NEW YORKJANA PARTNERS LLC10% Owner NEW YORKJANA PARTNERS LLC10% Owner NEW YORKJean-Herve  JennSenior Vice President CINCINNATIMICHAEL D  JONESVP & Controller CINCINNATIROBERT A  LENTOSenior Vice President CINCINNATISTEVEN C  MASONDirector CINCINNATITHOMAS L  MONAHANDirector WASHINGTONTHOMAS L  MONAHANDirector CINCINNATIRONALD L  NELSONDirector NEW YORKRONALD L  NELSONDirector CINCINNATIPHILIP A  ODEENDirector CINCINNATIJAMES F  ORRChairman CINCINNATIJarrod B  PontiusGeneral Counsel CAO CINCINNATISIDNEY A  RIBEAUDirector CINCINNATISTEPHEN L  ROBERTSONSenior Vice President CINCINNATISTEVEN G  ROLLSExecu. Vice President CINCINNATIBarry  RosensteinDirector NEW YORKBarry  RosensteinNEW YORKBarry  RosensteinNEW YORKBarry  RosensteinNEW YORKBarry  RosensteinSAN FRANCISCORONALD E  SCHULTZSVP Business Dev. CINCINNATILARRY S  SCHWARTZExecu. VP CINCINNATIEARL C  SHANKSCFO CINCINNATICLINT F  STREITSenior Vice President CINCINNATIBarry Christine  TimminsSenior Vice President CINCINNATIAndre S  ValentineChief Financial Officer CINCINNATIRICHARD F  WALLMANDirector RICHARD F  WALLMANDirector CINCINNATITimothy M  WesolowskiVice President - Controller CINCINNATIDAVID R  WHITWAMDirector BENTON HARBORMichael L  WoodenSVP Chief Commercial Officer CINCINNATIJAMES M  ZIMMERMANDirector CINCINNATIPersons related to RICHARD F  WALLMAN - CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL INCNamePositionCityJoanne P  AcfordWILMINGTONJoanne P  AcfordCorp. Sr VP, GC and Corp. Sec WILMINGTONTHOMAS F  ACKERMANCorporate Executive VP & CFO WILMINGTONTHOMAS F  ACKERMANCorp. Executive VP & CFO WILMINGTONMICHAEL F  ANKCORNCorp. Sr. VP WILMINGTONWilliam D  BarboCorporate Executive VP & CCO WILMINGTONBRIAN  BATHGATECorporate Vice President WILMINGTONChristophe  BerthouxExecutive Vice President WILMINGTONCHRISTOPHER  BERTHOUXExecutive Vice President WILMINGTONROBERT J  BERTOLINIDirector KENILWORTHROBERT J  BERTOLINIDirector WILMINGTONROBERT J  BERTOLINIWILMINGTONROBERT  CAWTHORNDirector WILMINGTONNANCY T  CHANGDirector WILMINGTONSTEPHEN D  CHUBBDirector WILMINGTONJohn J  CrowleySVP, Chief Accounting Officer WILMINGTONDAVID J  ELLIOTTOfficer WILMINGTONJAMES C  FOSTERChairman, President and CEO WILMINGTONJORG  GELLERCorporate Executive VP WILMINGTONJORG  GELLEROfficer WILMINGTONNANCY  GILLETTCorporate Executive VP WILMINGTONJohn C  HoSenior Vice President WILMINGTONDAVID P  JOHSTCorporate Executive VP WILMINGTONMichael Gunnar  KnellCSVP&Chief Accounting Officer BILLERICADeborah Turner  KochevarDirector WILMINGTONMARTIN  MACKAYNEW YORKGEORGE  MASSARODirector WILMINGTONGoldrick Linda  McDirector WILMINGTONS LOUISE  MCCRARYDirector WILMINGTONALASTAIR STUART  MCEWANCorporate VP WILMINGTONGEORGE M  MILNE JRDirector NIANTICGEORGE M  MILNE JRDirector WILMINGTONDavide  MolhoCorporate Executive VP WILMINGTONWALTER S  NIMMOWILMINGTONWALTER S  NIMMODirector WILMINGTONC RICHARD  REESEDirector BOSTONC RICHARD  REESEDirector WILMINGTONREAL H  RENAUDCorp. Executive VP WILMINGTONDOUGLAS E  ROGERSDirector WILMINGTONDENNIS R  SHAUGHNESSYSr. VP Corporate Development WILMINGTONDavid Ross  SmithCorporate Executive VP & CFO WILMINGTONSAMUEL O MD  THIERDirector WILMINGTONCraig B.  ThompsonDirector KENILWORTHCraig B.  ThompsonDirector WILMINGTONJOHN  URQUHARTDirector WILMINGTONNicholas  VentrescaSenior Vice President WILMINGTONCheri L  WalkerCorporate Senior VP WILMINGTONRICHARD F  WALLMANDirector RICHARD F  WALLMANDirector WILMINGTONWILLIAM  WALTRIPDirector WILMINGTONStephanie B  WellsSenior Vice President WILMINGTONPersons related to RICHARD F  WALLMAN - HAYES LEMMERZ INTERNATIONAL INCNamePositionCityAP WHEELS LLC10% Owner PURCHASEAPOLLO ADVISORS V LPPURCHASEAPOLLO GERMAN PARTNERS V GMBH & CO KGPURCHASEAPOLLO INVESTMENT FUND V LPPURCHASEAPOLLO MANAGEMENT V LPPURCHASEAPOLLO NETHERLANDS PARTNERS V A LPPURCHASEAPOLLO NETHERLANDS PARTNERS V B  LPPURCHASEAPOLLO OVERSEAS PARTNERS V LPPURCHASEFRED  BENTLEYVP-President, Int'l Wheels NORTHVILLEFRED  BENTLEYCOO;Pres.- Global Wheel Grp. NORTHVILLELAURENCE M  BERGLAURENCE M  BERGDirector NORTHVILLELAURENCE M  BERGNORTHVILLELAURENCE M  BERGDirector NORTHVILLEMark A  BrebbermanVP and CFO NORTHVILLEPATRICK C  CAULEYPATRICK C  CAULEYGeneral Counsel and Secretary NORTHVILLEPATRICK C  CAULEYVP, General Counsel & Sec. NORTHVILLECURTIS J  CLAWSONCURTIS J  CLAWSONPresident and CEO NORTHVILLECURTIS J  CLAWSONPresident, CEO and Chairman NORTHVILLECURTIS J  CLAWSONChairman, President and CEO NORTHVILLECURTIS J  CLAWSONChairman, President and CEO NORTHVILLEWILLIAM H DR  CUNNINGHAMWILLIAM H DR  CUNNINGHAMDirector NORTHVILLEWILLIAM H DR  CUNNINGHAMNORTHVILLEWILLIAM H DR  CUNNINGHAMDirector NORTHVILLEWILLIAM H DR  CUNNINGHAMDirector NORTHVILLEBANK AG\  DEUTSCHE10% Owner FRANKFURT AM MAINMICHAEL J  EDIEVP, Materials and Logistics NORTHVILLECYNTHIA L  FELDMANNDirector NORTHVILLESCOTT T  HARRISONVP-President, Suspension NORTHVILLESCOTT T  HARRISONVP-Pres., Int'l. Components NORTHVILLEGEORGE T  HAYMAKERGEORGE T  HAYMAKERDirector NORTHVILLEGEORGE T  HAYMAKERNORTHVILLEGEORGE T  HAYMAKERDirector NORTHVILLEGEORGE T  HAYMAKERDirector NORTHVILLEDavid  JorgensenCorporate Controller NORTHVILLELARRY  KARENKOLARRY  KARENKOVP, HR and Administration NORTHVILLELARRY  KARENKOVP, HR and Administration NORTHVILLELARRY  KARENKOVP, HR and Administration NORTHVILLEEDWARD W  KOPKOWSKIVP-President, Comm. Highway NORTHVILLEEDWARD W  KOPKOWSKIVP-Pres. NA Wheel & Comm Hwy NORTHVILLESTEVE  MARTINEZSTEVE  MARTINEZDirector NORTHVILLESTEVE  MARTINEZNORTHVILLESTANLEY  MORGAN10% Owner NEW YORKBRIAN J  OLOUGHLINVP, Info. Technology and CIO NORTHVILLEBRIAN J  OLOUGHLINVP, Info. Technology and CIO NORTHVILLEJOHN A  SALVETTEVP, Business Development NORTHVILLEJOHN A  SALVETTEVP, Business Development NORTHVILLEDANIEL M  SANDBERGVP, Pres. Brakes & Powertrain NORTHVILLEDANIEL M  SANDBERGVP-Pres.Auto. Brake&Powertrain NORTHVILLEDANIEL M  SANDBERGVice President NORTHVILLELAURIE  SIEGELNORTHVILLELAURIE  SIEGELDirector NORTHVILLELAURIE  SIEGELDirector NORTHVILLEMohsen  SohiNORTHVILLEMohsen  SohiDirector NORTHVILLEMohsen  SohiDirector NORTHVILLEJAMES L  STEGEMILLERVP-President, N. Am. Wheels NORTHVILLEHENRY D G  WALLACEHENRY D G  WALLACEDirector NORTHVILLEHENRY D G  WALLACENORTHVILLEHENRY D G  WALLACEDirector NORTHVILLEHENRY D G  WALLACEDirector NORTHVILLERICHARD F  WALLMANRICHARD F  WALLMANNORTHVILLERICHARD F  WALLMANDirector NORTHVILLERICHARD F  WALLMANDirector NORTHVILLEJAMES A  YOSTJAMES A  YOSTVP, Finance and CFO NORTHVILLEJAMES A  YOSTVP, Finance and CFO NORTHVILLEJAMES A  YOSTVP, Finance and CFO NORTHVILLEJAMES A  YOSTEVP and CFO NORTHVILLEPersons related to RICHARD F  WALLMAN - Wright Medical Group N.V.NamePositionCityTornier  AlainBloomingtonJulie  AndrewsVP & Chief Accounting Officer ARLINGTONJoseph Robert  BallEDINAJoseph Robert  BallVP, Global R&D EDINALance A  BerrySr. VP and CFO ARLINGTONGARY  BLACKFORDDirector EDEN PRAIRIERobert P.  Burrows IIISr. VP, Supply Chain MEMPHISSEAN  CARNEYDirector NEW YORKSEAN  CARNEYDirector NEW YORKSEAN  CARNEYDirector NEW YORKPeter  CookePresident, International ARLINGTONKevin D  CordellPresident, U.S. REDWOOD CITYMowry  DavidBloomingtonCARMEN L  DIERSENEDINACARMEN L  DIERSENGlobal Chief Financial Officer EDINAKohrs  DouglasBloomingtonWeatherman  ElizabethBloomingtonRICHARD B  EMMITTDirector SUMMITRICHARD B  EMMITTDirector SUMMITRICHARD B  EMMITTDirector BASKING RIDGERICHARD B  EMMITTDirector SUMMITRICHARD B  EMMITTSUMMITRICHARD B  EMMITTDirector SUMMITStephan  EpinetteVP Int'l Commercial Operations EDINAStephan  EpinetteVP, Int'l Commercial Operation SAINT-ISMIER CEDEXStephan  EpinetteVP Int'l Commercial Operations BLOOMINGTONStephan  EpinetteVP Int'l Commercial Operations BLOOMINGTONPatrick  FisherPresident, Lower Extremities MEMPHISPascal E R  GirinFRANCEPascal E R  GirinDirector EDINAPascal E R  GirinDirector EDINAPascal E R  GirinDirector EDINAMorrison  GregoryBloomingtonWilliam L.  Griffin JrSr. VP & GM, BioMimetic ARLINGTONAndrew  JoinerEDINAAndrew  JoinerVP, Gen. Man., US Comm. Op. EDINACHARLES R  KAYENEW YORKCHARLES R  KAYENEW YORKCHARLES R  KAYENEW YORKStockholm AB  KCHKARLSTADStockholm AB  KCHDirector KARLSTADO'Boyle  KevinBloomingtonKlemz  KevinBloomingtonKevin M  KlemzSr. VP, CLO and Secretary PLYMOUTHKevin M  KlemzEDINAKevin M  KlemzVP, Chief Legal Officer & Secy EDINAKevin M  KlemzVP, Chief Legal Officer & Sec EDINAKevin M  KlemzSr. VP, CLO and Secretary BLOOMINGTONDOUGLAS W  KOHRSPresident and CEO EDINADOUGLAS W  KOHRSEDINADOUGLAS W  KOHRSPresident and CEO EDINAJames Edward  KwanEDINAJames Edward  KwanVP, Global Supply Chain EDINAJOSEPH  LANDYNEW YORKJOSEPH  LANDYNEW YORKJoseph P.  LandyNEW YORKTim  LanierPresident, Upper Extremities MEMPHISJames  LightmanSr. VP, General Counsel & Sec. IRVINEShawn  McCormickChief Financial Officer PLYMOUTHShawn  McCormickChief Financial Officer BLOOMINGTONShawn  McCormickChief Financial Officer BLOOMINGTONJOHN L  MICLOTDirector MURRYSVILLEGregory  MorrisonSr VP, Human Resources PLYMOUTHGregory  MorrisonEDINAGregory  MorrisonGlobal VP, Human Resources EDINAGregory  MorrisonGlobal VP, Human Resources EDINAGregory  MorrisonGlobal VP, Human Resources BLOOMINGTONDavid H  MowryExecutive VP and COO PLYMOUTHDavid H  MowryChief Operating Officer EDINADavid H  MowryChief Operating Officer IRVINEDavid H  MowryPresident and CEO BLOOMINGTONKEVIN C  OBOYLEDirector SAN DIEGOKEVIN C  OBOYLEDirector BLOOMINGTONKEVIN C  OBOYLEDirector BOOMINGTONKEVIN C  OBOYLEDirector SAN DIEGOKEVIN C  OBOYLEDirector CARLSBADKEVIN C  OBOYLEDirector EDINAROBERT J  PALMISANOPresident and CEO IRVINEGirin  PascalBloomingtonAMY S  PAULDirector Jonathan Wesley  PorterSVP & Chief Compliance Officer MEMPHISTerry  RichPresident, Upper Extremities EDINATerry  RichSr. VP, U.S. Commercial Oper. BLOOMINGTONEmmitt  RichardBloomingtonWallman  RichardBloomingtonCarney  SeanBloomingtonMcCormick  ShawnBloomingtonEpinette  StephanBloomingtonDAVID D  STEVENSDirector MEMPHISRich  TerryBloomingtonHoldings Cooperatief U.A.  TMGDirector AMSTERDAMHoldings Cooperatief U.A.  TMGDirector NEW YORKAlain  TornierDirector MILANAlain  TornierDirector MILANAlain  TornierDirector EDINAAlain  TornierDirector BLOOMINGTONAlain  TornierBLOOMINGTONJULIE D  TRACEYSVP & Chief Commun. Officer SUNNYVALEUmmersen Gordon  vanSr. VP, Product Delivery BLOOMINGTONVERTICAL GROUP LPSUMMITJennifer S.  WalkerSVP, Process Improvement ARLINGTONRICHARD F  WALLMANDirector RICHARD F  WALLMANPONTE VEDRA BEACHRICHARD F  WALLMANDirector PONTE VEDRA BEACHRICHARD F  WALLMANDirector PONTE VEDRA BEACHRICHARD F  WALLMANDirector EDINARICHARD F  WALLMANEDINARICHARD F  WALLMANDirector EDINARICHARD F  WALLMANDirector BLOOMINGTONWARBURG PINCUS (BERMUDA) PRIVATE EQUITY IX, L.P.NEW YORKWarburg Pincus (Bermuda) Private Equity Ltd.NEW YORKWARBURG PINCUS LLCNEW YORKWARBURG PINCUS LLCNEW YORKWARBURG PINCUS LLCNEW YORKELIZABETH H  WEATHERMANDirector NEW YORKELIZABETH H  WEATHERMANDirector NEW YORKELIZABETH H  WEATHERMANDirector NEW YORKWP (BERMUDA) IX PE ONE LTDNEW YORKWP (Bermuda) IX PE One Ltd.NEW YORKWRIGHT MEDICAL GROUP INCMEMPHISPersons related to RICHARD F  WALLMAN - ESH Hospitality, Inc.NamePositionCityAgarwal  A.J.SpartanburgJames G  AldermanCHARLOTTEKapila K  AnandCHARLOTTEJeffrey  AronsonNEW YORKJeffrey  AronsonNEW YORKBlackstone Group L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Group Management L.L.C.NEW YORKBlackstone Group Management L.L.C.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III GP L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III GP L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III GP Management L.L.C.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III GP Management L.L.C.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Associates VI-ESH L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Associates VI-ESH L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Holdings VI L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners (AIV) VI-ESH L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VI.A-ESH L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VI.B-ESH L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VI.C-ESH L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VI.F-ESH L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VI.G-ESH L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VI.TE.1-ESH L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VI.TE.2-ESH L.P.NEW YORKBREA VI-ESH L.L.C.NEW YORKBREP VI Side-by-Side GP L.L.C.NEW YORKNeil T  BrownCHARLOTTEAdam M  BurinescuNEW YORKCCP GP Investors Holdings (Cayman), L.P.NEW YORKCCP SBS GP, LLCNEW YORKCenterbridge Associates, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Associates, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Associates, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Capital Partners AIV VI-A, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Capital Partners AIV VI-A, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Capital Partners AIV VI-B, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Capital Partners AIV VI-B, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Capital Partners SBS, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Capital Partners SBS, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Capital Partners SBS, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Capital Partners Strategic AIV I, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Capital Partners Strategic AIV I, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Cayman GP Ltd.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Cayman GP, Ltd.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit GP Investors, L.L.C.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit GP Investors, L.L.C.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Offshore GP Investors, L.L.C.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Offshore GP Investors, L.L.C.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Partners General Partner, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Partners General Partner, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Partners, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Partners, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Partners Offshore General Partner, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Partners Offshore General Partner, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Partners Offshore Intermediate III, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Partners Offshore Intermediate III, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Partners TE Intermediate I, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Partners TE Intermediate I, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge GP Investors, LLCNEW YORKCenterbridge GP Investors, LLCNEW YORKCenterbridge GP Investors, LLCNEW YORKPeter J  CrageCHARLOTTEChristopher K.  DanielloNEW YORKJohn  DentCHARLOTTEKevin William  DinnieNEW YORKJAMES  DONALDCHARLOTTEExtended Stay America, Inc.CHARLOTTEExtended Stay America, Inc.CHARLOTTEMark T  GalloglyTOLEDOMark T  GalloglyNEW YORKDOUGLAS GERARD  GEOGACHICAGODOUGLAS GERARD  GEOGACHARLOTTEJonathan S  HalkyardLAS VEGASJonathan S  HalkyardCHARLOTTERobert G  Harper IVCHARLOTTESteven E  KentCHARLOTTEGERARDO I  LOPEZTROYROSS W  MCCANLESSCHARLOTTEBarr  MichaelSpartanburgLISA  PALMERJACKSONVILLELISA  PALMERCHARLOTTEPAULSON & CO INCNEW YORKPAULSON & CO INCNEW YORKWilliam D.  RahmNEW YORKSTEPHEN A  SCHWARZMANNEW YORKSTEPHEN A  SCHWARZMANNEW YORKTy  WallachNEW YORKRICHARD F  WALLMANRICHARD F  WALLMANCHARLOTTEHoward J  WeissmanCHARLOTTERahm  WilliamSpartanburgPersons related to RICHARD F  WALLMAN - Extended Stay America, Inc.NamePositionCityANUJ J  AGARWALNEW YORKJames G  AldermanCHARLOTTEKapila K  AnandDirector CHARLOTTEJeffrey  AronsonNEW YORKJeffrey  AronsonNEW YORKThomas  BardenettSee Remarks. CHARLOTTEMICHAEL  BARRNEW YORKBlackstone Group L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Group Management L.L.C.NEW YORKBlackstone Group Management L.L.C.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III GP L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III GP L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III GP Management L.L.C.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III GP Management L.L.C.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Holdings III L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Associates VI-ESH L.P.10% Owner NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Associates VI-ESH L.P.10% Owner NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Holdings VI L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners (AIV) VI-ESH L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VI.A-ESH L.P.10% Owner NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VI.B-ESH L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VI.C-ESH L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VI.F-ESH L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VI.G-ESH L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VI.TE.1-ESH L.P.NEW YORKBlackstone Real Estate Partners VI.TE.2-ESH L.P.NEW YORKBREA VI-ESH L.L.C.NEW YORKBREP VI Side-by-Side GP L.L.C.NEW YORKM THOMAS  BUOYSee Remarks CHARLOTTECCP GP Investors Holdings (Cayman), L.P.NEW YORKCCP SBS GP, LLCNEW YORKCenterbridge Associates, L.P.10% Owner NEW YORKCenterbridge Associates, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Capital Partners AIV VI-A, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Capital Partners AIV VI-A, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Capital Partners AIV VI-B, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Capital Partners AIV VI-B, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Capital Partners SBS, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Capital Partners SBS, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Capital Partners SBS, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Capital Partners SBS, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Capital Partners Strategic AIV I, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Capital Partners Strategic AIV I, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Cayman GP Ltd.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Cayman GP, Ltd.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit GP Investors, L.L.C.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit GP Investors, L.L.C.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Offshore GP Investors, L.L.C.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Offshore GP Investors, L.L.C.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Partners General Partner, L.P.10% Owner NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Partners General Partner, L.P.10% Owner NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Partners, L.P.10% Owner NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Partners, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Partners Offshore General Partner, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Partners Offshore General Partner, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Partners Offshore Intermediate III, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Partners Offshore Intermediate III, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Partners TE Intermediate I, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge Credit Partners TE Intermediate I, L.P.NEW YORKCenterbridge GP Investors, LLCNEW YORKCenterbridge GP Investors, LLCNEW YORKPeter J  CrageCHARLOTTEJohn  DentSee Remarks CHARLOTTEJAMES  DONALDSee Remarks CHARLOTTEAmes  FlynnCHARLOTTEMark T  GalloglyTOLEDOMark T  GalloglyNEW YORKDOUGLAS GERARD  GEOGADirector CHICAGODOUGLAS GERARD  GEOGADirector CHARLOTTEJonathan S  HalkyardSee Remarks. LAS VEGASJonathan S  HalkyardSee remarks CHARLOTTEKEVIN A  HENRYSee Remarks CHARLOTTEKEVIN A  HENRYSee Remarks CHARLOTTEROBERT  JOYCECHARLOTTEWilliam A  KussellDirector CHARLOTTEGERARDO I  LOPEZSee Remarks TROYROSS W  MCCANLESSCHARLOTTEJodie W.  McLeanCHARLOTTETHOMAS F  OTOOLEDirector CHICAGOPAULSON & CO INC10% Owner NEW YORKPAULSON & CO INCNEW YORKVICTORIA  PLUMMERCHARLOTTEWilliam D.  RahmDirector NEW YORKSTEPHEN A  SCHWARZMAN10% Owner NEW YORKSTEPHEN A  SCHWARZMANNEW YORKTOM  SEDDONSee Remarks CHARLOTTEWilliam J.  SteinNEW YORKRICHARD F  WALLMANDirector RICHARD F  WALLMANDirector CHARLOTTEHoward J  WeissmanSee Remarks CHARLOTTEHoward J  WeissmanSee Remarks CHARLOTTE












 














	ABB Adam M12












































PRODUCT-DETAILS





Global site


Choose country and language
Global site - English



Europe
Americas
Middle East and Africa
Asia and Oceania





Austria - 
German


Belarus - 
Russian


Belgium - 
Dutch
French


Bulgaria - 
Bulgarian
English


Croatia - 
Croatian


Czech Republic - 
Czech


Denmark - 
Danish


Estonia - 
Estonian


Finland - 
Finnish


France - 
French


Germany - 
German




Greece - 
Greek


Hungary - 
Hungarian


Ireland - 
English


Italy - 
Italian


Latvia - 
Latvian


Lithuania - 
Lithuanian


Luxembourg - 
French


Netherlands - 
Dutch


Norway - 
Norwegian


Poland - 
Polish


Portugal - 
Portuguese




Romania - 
Romanian


Russia - 
Russian


Serbia - 
Serbian


Slovakia - 
Slovakian


Slovenia - 
Slovenian


Spain - 
Spanish


Sweden - 
Swedish


Switzerland - 
French
German
Italian


Turkey - 
English
Turkish


Ukraine - 
Ukrainian


United Kingdom - 
English






Argentina - 
Spanish


Aruba - 
Spanish


Bolivia - 
Spanish


Brazil - 
Portuguese


Canada - 
English
French


Chile - 
Spanish


Colombia - 
Spanish




Costa Rica - 
Spanish


Dominican Republic - 
Spanish


Ecuador - 
Spanish


El Salvador - 
Spanish


Guatemala - 
Spanish


Honduras - 
Spanish


Mexico - 
Spanish




Panama - 
Spanish


Peru - 
Spanish


Puerto Rico - 
Spanish


United States of America - 
English


Uruguay - 
Spanish






Algeria - 
English
French


Angola - 
English
French


Bahrain - 
English
French


Botswana - 
English
French


Cameroon - 
English
French


Côte d'Ivoire - 
English
French


Egypt - 
English
French


Ghana - 
English
French


Israel - 
Hebrew


Jordan - 
English


Kenya - 
English
French




Kuwait - 
English


Lebanon - 
English


Madagascar - 
English
French


Mali - 
English
French


Mauritius - 
English
French


Morocco - 
English
French


Namibia - 
English
French


Nigeria - 
English
French


Oman - 
English


Pakistan - 
English


Palestine - 
English




Qatar - 
English


Saudi Arabia - 
English


Senegal - 
English
French


South Africa - 
English


Tanzania - 
English
French


Tunisia - 
English
French


Uganda - 
English
French


United Arab Emirates - 
English


Zambia - 
English
French


Zimbabwe - 
English
French






Australia - 
English


Bangladesh - 
English


China - 
Chinese
English


India - 
English


Indonesia - 
English


Japan - 
Japanese




Kazakhstan - 
Russian


Malaysia - 
English


Mongolia - 
Mongolian
English


Myanmar - 
English


New Zealand - 
English


Philippines - 
English




Singapore - 
English


South Korea - 
Korean


Sri Lanka - 
English


Taiwan - 
Chinese - Traditional


Thailand - 
English


Vietnam - 
English





















                                            ABB's website uses cookies. By staying here you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
                                        


Learn more




I agree









Navigate


Search


Login


layouts-flyoutmenu-cart










Home








Search


Search now


Search tips
Feedback form




















Share this page



Facebook


LinkedIn


Weibo


Twitter






Print
















Login to myABB
There was a problem with your request. Please fill in required fields

E-mail address *



Password *



Forgot your password?



                    Login
                



Sign up for myABB
Sign up for a myABB account to access some of our online services

More about myABB

Sign up


Welcome
You are being logged in as:


Go to myABB

Logout











       Rate this page  General impression    Positive  Negative             











Your cart 
Learn more about shopping on ABB.com





Checkout
































Detailed information for: Adam M12








This page contains technical data sheet, documents library and links to offering related to this product. If you require any other information, please contact us using form located at the bottom of the page.






Print...
Print to Pdf...






Buy Now
You can purchase this item from ABB.
Add To Cart



Learn more about shopping on ABB.com














Data Sheet






Documentation



















Adam M12
General Information



Extended Product Type:
Adam M12




Product ID:
2TLA020051R0000




EAN:
7350024452037




Catalog Description:
Adam M12




Long Description:
Adam safety sensor unit with a fixed M12 male connector, IP67, yellow, 4pcs of DA1 protection plate and 4pcs of DA2 spacer rings are included.







Categories

Products » Low Voltage Products and Systems » Control Products » Safety Products » Safety Sensors, Switches and Locks
















 













Ordering



Minimum Order Quantity:
1 piece




Customs Tariff Number:
85439000





Popular Downloads



Data Sheet, Technical Information:

2TLC172001C0202_chapter09






Dimensions



Product Net Depth:
0.030 m




Product Net Height:
0.075 m




Product Net Width:
0.012 m




Product Net Weight:
0.030 kg





Certificates and Declarations (Document Number)



Declaration of Conformity - CE:

2TLC172017D0201





Instructions and Manuals:

2TLC172066M0201






Classifications



Object Classification Code:
B




ETIM 4:
EC002592 - Position switch with separate actuator




ETIM 5:
EC002592 - Position switch with separate actuator




ETIM 6:
EC000000 - Not Classifiable














Loading documents
























 

















 

Contact information
What would you like to do?






I need more information
ABB Sales










I need service or support
ABB Service










I have an emergency and need assistance with my ABB product/solution
ABB Emergency










I am looking for ABB partners supplying products and services nearby
ABB Authorized ...














Submit your inquiry






                                Please select country from the list below
                            




Country



Please select country
Algeria
Angola
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Belarus
Belgium
Bolivia
Bosnia-Herzegovina
Brazil
Bulgaria
Canada
Chile
China
Colombia
Croatia
Czech Republic
Denmark
Ecuador
Egypt
Estonia
Ethiopia
Finland
France
Georgia
Germany
Greece
Guatemala
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Latvia
Lebanon
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malaysia
Mauritius
Mexico
Montenegro
Morocco
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palestine
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Serbia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States of America
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Venezuela
Vietnam
Other countries





Location







For this country please use ABB's partner contact details




Name








Company







E-Mail







Phone







Zip code













Your message












Send message
Cancel




Privacy policy










Thank you for your inquiry and interest in ABB.We will get back to you as soon as possible.
Back




An error occurred and your inquiry could not be sent.Please try again later.
Back






Your local ABB Sales Team
Your local ABB's partner contact




Your local ABB Sales Team
Your local ABB's partner contact





Name










Address




  





Phone




  





Fax




  





E-Mail




  





                             
                        



Show on map
Hide map




Please select country from the list















Close











Submit your inquiry






                                Please select country from the list below
                            




Country



Please select country
Algeria
Angola
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Belarus
Belgium
Bolivia
Bosnia-Herzegovina
Brazil
Bulgaria
Canada
Chile
China
Colombia
Croatia
Czech Republic
Denmark
Ecuador
Egypt
Estonia
Ethiopia
Finland
France
Georgia
Germany
Greece
Guatemala
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Latvia
Lebanon
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malaysia
Mauritius
Mexico
Montenegro
Morocco
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palestine
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Serbia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States of America
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Venezuela
Vietnam
Other countries





Location







For this country please use ABB's partner contact details




Name








Company







E-Mail







Phone







Zip code













Your message












Send message
Cancel




Privacy policy










Thank you for your inquiry and interest in ABB.We will get back to you as soon as possible.
Back




An error occurred and your inquiry could not be sent.Please try again later.
Back






Your local ABB Service Team
Your local ABB's partner contact




Your local ABB Service Team
Your local ABB's partner contact





Name










Address




  





Phone




  





Fax




  





E-Mail




  





                             
                        



Show on map
Hide map




Please select country from the list















Close











Submit your inquiry






                                Please select country from the list below
                            




Country



Please select country
Algeria
Angola
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Belarus
Belgium
Bolivia
Bosnia-Herzegovina
Brazil
Bulgaria
Canada
Chile
China
Colombia
Croatia
Czech Republic
Denmark
Ecuador
Egypt
Estonia
Ethiopia
Finland
France
Georgia
Germany
Greece
Guatemala
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Latvia
Lebanon
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malaysia
Mauritius
Mexico
Montenegro
Morocco
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palestine
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Serbia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States of America
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Venezuela
Vietnam
Other countries





Location







For this country please use ABB's partner contact details




Name








Company







E-Mail







Phone







Zip code













Your message












Send message
Cancel




Privacy policy










Thank you for your inquiry and interest in ABB.We will get back to you as soon as possible.
Back




An error occurred and your inquiry could not be sent.Please try again later.
Back






Your local ABB Emergency Team
Your local ABB's partner contact




Your local ABB Emergency Team
Your local ABB's partner contact





Name










Address




  





Phone




  





Fax




  





E-Mail




  





                             
                        



Show on map
Hide map




Please select country from the list















Close












Channel type










Capability










Industry focus










Application focus










#NAME?




City










Zip code
















Authorized Value Providers








Close




Contact Service unavailable
















Popular links















ABB Web feeds
























Follow us
Facebook
LinkedIn
YouTube
Twitter





Facebook
LinkedIn
YouTube
Twitter























Current share price






























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














adam burinescu - Health 24/7 - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










We Found Them For You - Easily Search Anyone in the US



Ad
 ·
www.beenverified.com



See 1) Phone Numbers 2) Address 3) Email 4) Age & Social Profiles.  Search Free!





People Search



Search By Name



Search by Email




Best Background Check



Social Media



Get Contact Information




Web Results

Adam Burinescu, Centerbridge Partners LP: Profile ...

https://www.bloomberg.com/profiles/people/17579245-adam-m-burinescu


Adam Burinescu is Managing Director at Centerbridge Partners LP. See Adam M Burinescu's compensation, career history, education, & memberships.


Adam Burinescu | Centerbridge Partners, L.P. | ZoomInfo.com

www.zoominfo.com/p/Adam-Burinescu/1685081643


View Adam Burinescu's business profile as Kind and Generous Support at Centerbridge Partners, L.P. and see work history, affiliations and more.


Adam Burinescu | Whitepages

www.whitepages.com/name/Adam-Burinescu


View phone, address history, email, public records for the person named Adam Burinescu. Whitepages is the most trusted directory.


Adam Burinescu, CALS '03 | Cornell SHA

https://sha.cornell.edu/.../cref/about/board/burinescu.html


Managing Director Centerbridge Partners, L.P. Adam Burinescu is a Managing Director at Centerbridge Partners, L.P. focused on investments in the real estate sector.


Andrea Donovan & Adam Burinescu - Wedding Registry

https://registry.theknot.com/andrea-donovan-adam-burinescu-july...


Andrea Donovan and Adam Burinescu from Boston, MA have registered at Bloomingdale's for their wedding on July 16, 2011. Browse all their registries in one list.


Adam M Burinescu - Manhattan, NY | Intelius

https://www.intelius.com/people/Adam-Burinescu/Manhattan-NY/0cgkpa...


Get full contact details for Adam M Burinescu in Manhattan, NY instantly. We found 7 addresses, 4 phone numbers, and 4 relatives and/or associates connected with this ...


Adam M Burinescu, 36 - Boston, MA | MyLife.com™ Background ...

https://www.mylife.com/adam-burinescu/e90604823106


You now have access to view Adam Burinescu's Premium Background Report. The information in this report is gathered from Government, ...


Adam Burinescu (M), 36 - Boston, MA | MyLife.com ...

https://www.mylife.com/adam-burinescu/adamburinescu


View free background profile for Adam Burinescu (M) on MyLife.com™ - Phone | 79*** **** 26c St Address, Boston, MA | 1 EMAIL | Photos | 3 Profiles | 1 Review & More


Adam Burinescu - Historical records and family trees ...

https://www.myheritage.com/names/adam_burinescu


Explore historical records and family tree profiles about Adam Burinescu on MyHeritage, the world's family history network.


Andrea & Adam

adamandandrea.com/index.html


Adam . read more. Wedding Location. The wedding will be held at the sunny rooftop garden of the Santropol Roulant. read more. Things to see in Montreal.










We Found Them For You - Easily Search Anyone in the US



Ad
 ·
www.beenverified.com



See 1) Phone Numbers 2) Address 3) Email 4) Age & Social Profiles.  Search Free!





People Search



Search By Name



Search by Email




Best Background Check



Social Media



Get Contact Information



12345Next















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








