








William B. Burnett - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















William B. Burnett
Board Member at NuStar GP Holdings, LLC


View Full Profile
Are you William B. Burnett? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view William B. Burnett's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in William B. Burnett's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in William B. Burnett's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with William B. Burnett through your network of contacts.
												








William B. Burnett's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
NuStar GP Holdings, LLC


Past
To view William B. Burnett's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
67

 
 


William B. Burnett's Biography



Mr. Burnett became a director of NuStar in August 2006. Mr. Burnett served as the Chief Financial Officer of Lucifer Lighting Company (Lucifer), a San Antonio, Texas-based manufacturer of architectural lighting products, from 2004 to 2007 and as a director of Lucifer from 2004 to 2009. Mr. Burnett is a C.P.A., and, in 2001, he retired as a partner with Arthur Andersen LLP after 29 years of service. Mr. Burnett's pertinent experience, qualifications, attributes and skills include: financial literacy and expertise, managerial experience through his years at Arthur Andersen and Lucifer, and the knowledge and experience he has attained through hi ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Burnett became a director of NuStar in August 2006. Mr. Burnett served as the Chief Financial Officer of Lucifer Lighting Company (Lucifer), a San Antonio, Texas-based manufacturer of architectural lighting products, from 2004 to 2007 and as a director of Lucifer from 2004 to 2009. Mr. Burnett is a C.P.A., and, in 2001, he retired as a partner with Arthur Andersen LLP after 29 years of service. Mr. Burnett's pertinent experience, qualifications, attributes and skills include: financial literacy and expertise, managerial experience through his years at Arthur Andersen and Lucifer, and the knowledge and experience he has attained through his service as a director of NuStar.
		
Source: NuStar GP Holdings, LLC on 03/14/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view William B. Burnett's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like William B. Burnett. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in William B. Burnett's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in William B. Burnett's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with William B. Burnett through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: William B. Burnett


















William B. Burnett's Connections (17)





Sign up now to view William B. Burnett's 17 connections »









Curtis V. Anastasio
Vice Chair of the Board, Par Pacific Holdings, Inc.









Mary R. Brown
Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer, NuStar Energy L.P.









James F. Clingman
Lead Independent Director, NuStar GP Holdings, LLC









William E. Greehey
Chairman of the Board, NuStar Energy L.P.









Stan L. McLelland
Former Board Member, NuStar Energy L.P.









Bradley C. Barron
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, NuStar Energy L.P.









Jelynne LeBlanc-Burley
Board Member, NuStar GP Holdings, LLC








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













    William Burnett | Arthur Andersen & Co. | ZoomInfo.com





















William T Burnett









 


query


RESULTSET



query


 
CONTENT
META_DESC
META_IMAGE
META_KEYWORDS
META_TITLE
TITLE





CACHED
false 


EXECUTIONTIME
2 


SQL
SELECT title,content,meta_image,meta_title,meta_desc,meta_keywords
	FROM tbl_content
	WHERE 1 = 1
	
		AND label = ? 


SQLPARAMETERS


array
				
1
 home 








Close






About Burnett

History
The Burnett Advantage
Technologies
Quality and Process
Certifications



Specialty & Technical Foams

Technologies & Capabilities
Applications



Nonwoven Fabrics

Technologies & Capabilities
Applications


News
Contact Us






























Open Celled Polyurethane Foams
We manufacture technical polyurethane foams for the use in transportation, medical, acoustical, personal care, and other markets. Our polyester and polyether open cell foams are created to meet customer needs and requirements. Show us your unique specifications and we will work with you to develop a foam to meet them. 



Nonwoven Fabrics
From our inception, we have been a leader in the development and production of innovative nonwoven products for a variety of end uses. Those being fire resistant bedding materials, acoustical and thermal barriers for transportation, appliance, industrial and architectural applications. Other include filtration products for air and water, consumer products for retail applications; and many others. 








Technology
Our technological capabilities deliver a level of quality uncommon among foam manufacturers.





The Burnett Advantage
With over 100 years in the business, Wm. T. Burnett is unique in the industry. Our management team is seasoned and streamlined.


News & Updates

Burnett EcoWeb, More than just a PET solution! 
GM and WmT Burnett making a difference with the Do Your Part Program. Detroit’s Recycling Initiative to assist Flint Michigan and the...

Read More






Copyright © 2017 Wm. T. Burnett & Co.   Made in the U.S.A.
Privacy Policy
|
Website Terms of Use
|
Purchase Order Terms & Conditions

Terms & Conditions of Sale


1500 Bush Street, Baltimore, MD 21230
1-800-638-0606
info@wmtburnett.com








Sitemap
About Us
The Burnett Advantage
Quality & Process Control




 
Technologies
Certifications
News




 
STX
PFA
Contact Us






Specialty & Technical Foams
Technologies & Capabilities
Applications
Handling & Safety




Nonwoven Fabrics
Technologies & Capabilities
Applications
Handling & Safety










William B Burnett | Free Public Records | PublicRecords360
















Login | Register








Search Options




First Name *



Middle Name



Last Name *



City



State

All States 
Alabama 
Alaska 
Arizona 
Arkansas 
California 
Colorado 
Connecticut 
Delaware 
Florida 
Georgia 
Hawaii 
Idaho 
Illinois 
Indiana 
Iowa 
Kansas 
Kentucky 
Louisiana 
Maine 
Maryland 
Massachusetts 
Michigan 
Minnesota 
Mississippi 
Missouri 
Montana 
Nebraska 
Nevada 
New Hampshire 
New Jersey 
New Mexico 
New York 
North Carolina 
North Dakota 
Ohio 
Oklahoma 
Oregon 
Pennsylvania 
Puerto Rico 
Rhode Island 
South Carolina 
South Dakota 
Tennessee 
Texas 
Utah 
Vermont 
Virginia 
Washington 
Washington D.C. 
West Virginia 
Wisconsin 
Wyoming 








 


Safe Search


Your search is confidential. William B Burnett will not be notified of your purchase.

 
Related SearchesWilliam Thomas BurnettWilliam Joseph BurnettBill BurnettBoyd P BurnettBill B Burnett

Connect With Us











59 Matching Results!Showing Top 20. Use filters to see more.
Filter By Age:All AgesNo Age20 - 2930 - 3940 - 4950 - 5960 - 6970 - 7980 - 8990 - 99Has lived in:All CitiesAR - Bella VistaAR - EdmondsonAR - FayettevilleAR - Fort SmithAR - FoukeAR - GenoaAR - ProctorAR - RogersAR - Siloam SpringsAR - Spring DaleAR - West MemphisAZ - Bullhead CityAZ - PhoenixCA - AnaheimCA - AzusaCA - BerkeleyCA - Buena ParkCA - CarlsbadCA - GlendoraCA - GoletaCA - Hermosa BeachCA - Huntington BeachCA - IndioCA - Lake ForestCA - Los AngelesCA - Moreno ValleyCA - OrangeCA - PasadenaCA - San CarlosCA - San DiegoCA - San FranciscoCA - San MarcosCA - Santa AnaCA - West CovinaCO - AuroraCO - PeytonCO - PuebloCO - RyeCT - Cos CobDC - WashingtonFL - Lake WorthFL - Land O LakesFL - LutzFL - Merritt IslandFL - MiamiFL - OrlandoFL - Saint PetersburgFL - SarasotaFL - TampaFL - ZephyrhillsGA - AtlantaGA - AugustaGA - BraseltonGA - EastanolleeGA - Flowery BranchGA - GainesvilleHI - HonoluluHI - KoloaHI - WaianaeIL - Arlington HeightsIL - ChampaignIL - ChicagoIL - Highland ParkIL - WilmetteIN - CorydonIN - IndianapolisIN - RushvilleIN - WestportKS - WichitaKY - BardstownKY - BloomfieldKY - LexingtonKY - LouisvilleKY - LowesKY - MayfieldKY - MelberKY - PaducahKY - TaylorsvilleKY - West PointMA - AgawamMA - CohassetMA - ScituateMA - UxbridgeMD - Royal OakMI - BirminghamMI - Bloomfield HillsMI - Cedar SpringsMI - EngadineMI - FranklinMI - Grand RapidsMI - GrandvilleMI - Grosse PointeMI - Harbor SpringsMI - NaubinwayMI - RockfordMI - TroyMO - ColumbiaMS - BatesvilleMS - SouthavenNC - DurhamNC - Fuquay VarinaNC - HendersonNC - Holly SpringsNC - MiddleburgNC - Mill SpringNC - RaleighNH - LondonderryNH - ManchesterNJ - DunellenNM - Santa FeNV - Las VegasNY - AlbanyNY - BellmoreNY - BrooklynNY - BuffaloNY - CuddebackvilleNY - Fremont CenterNY - HamburgNY - Highland LakeNY - MayvilleNY - New YorkNY - Orchard ParkNY - PortlandNY - WurtsboroOK - EdmondOR - BeavertonOR - PortlandOR - SalemSC - AndersonSC - CayceSC - GreerSC - LexingtonSC - SenecaSC - Travelers RestSC - West ColumbiaTN - CordovaTN - GermantownTN - JacksonTN - MemphisTN - MurfreesboroTX - AddisonTX - AustinTX - CarrolltonTX - ConroeTX - DallasTX - Fort WorthTX - GrahamTX - HamiltonTX - HoustonTX - HumbleTX - HuntsvilleTX - IrvingTX - JacksboroTX - MagnoliaTX - MontgomeryTX - PlanoTX - PointblankTX - San AntonioTX - South BendTX - SpringTX - TexarkanaTX - WillisVA - AlexandriaVA - ArlingtonVA - CharlottesvilleVT - LondonderryWI - BeloitWI - Janesville




Select a record below to get Complete Report
Aliases
Has lived in
Related to




 


View Details


William B BurnettAge 59

William Thomas BurnettTom BurnettWill Burnett
Irving, TXSpring, TXDallas, TXHumble, TXNew York, NYHouston, TXCarrollton, TX
Lajuana BurnettAndrew BurnettDaniel BurnettBrenda Burnett


 


View Details


Bill Burnett


Washington, DC



 


View Details


William B BurnettAge 47

Bill B Burnett
Birmingham, MIChicago, ILCos Cob, CTNew York, NYCohasset, MATroy, MIScituate, MA
Sigrid BurnettMichele Silverman


 


View Details


William Bradley BurnettAge 35

W Bradley Burnett
Pasadena, CABrooklyn, NYGoleta, CACuddebackville, NYWurtsboro, NYHighland Lake, NYArlington, VA
Keala CarterDebora CarterBrad BurnettAlyson BurnettRobin Geiger


 


View Details


William Ollan BurnettAge 75

Bill Ollan Burnett
Conroe, TXMontgomery, TXLas Vegas, NVDurham, NCWillis, TX
Mary BurnettConnie BurnettRuby BurnettTiffany BurnettCrystal Burnett


 


View Details


William Booth BurnettAge 56

W B Burnett
Fort Worth, TXOrlando, FLRye, COPueblo, CO
Tammy BurnettMarilyn BurnettChristine BurnettAmanda BurnettShane Burnett


 


View Details


William Boyd BurnettAge 69

Boyd P Burnett
Texarkana, TXGenoa, ARSalem, ORFouke, AR
Erica BurnettGloria BurnettJames BurnettPaige Burnett


 


View Details


William B BurnettAge 61

William N BurnettBill Burnett
Buffalo, NYBrooklyn, NYHouston, TXIrving, TX
Jessica BurnettMarylou BurnettJamie Burnett


 


View Details


William B BurnettAge 64

Billy B BurnettBill Burnett
Chicago, ILChampaign, ILArlington Heights, IL
Eric BurnettNorman BurnettJudu BurnettHoward BurnettJudy Burnett


 


View Details


Brien BurnettAge 39


Paducah, KY
Ronald BurnettAnna BurnettMisse Burnett


 


View Details


William B BurnettAge 35


Lake Forest, CA
Jenna BurnettAlma BurnettKay BurnettCristian BurnettCraig Burnett


 


View Details


William Bill Burnett


Miami, FL



 


View Details


William B BurnettAge 90

Bill B Burnett
Atlanta, GAMerritt Island, FLPlano, TXPhoenix, AZLake Worth, FLDallas, TX
Cynthia BurnettAndrew BurnettDavid BurnettAndy BurnettJean Burnett


 


View Details


William A BurnettAge 69

Bill BurnettWillie Albert BurnettAlbert B William
Fayetteville, ARSpring Dale, ARBella Vista, ARFort Smith, ARRogers, AR
Linda BurnettBrian BurnettKendra BurnettJohn Burnett


 


View Details


William Bryan BurnettAge 27


Land O Lakes, FLLutz, FLZephyrhills, FLTampa, FLFort Worth, TX
Nycole BurnettSkye NicholsJudith BurnettSheri Nichols


 


View Details


William Brown BurnettAge 75


Bloomfield Hills, MISan Francisco, CABirmingham, MIHarbor Springs, MIFranklin, MI
Emily BurnettMiranda BurnettElizabeth Burnett


 


View Details


William B BurnettAge 75

William G Burnett
Santa Ana, CAMoreno Valley, CASan Carlos, CAHuntington Beach, CAIndio, CAAzusa, CAOrange, CA
Becky BurnettLorrie BurnettDaniel BurnettCarol BurnettLee Florez


 


View Details


William B BurnettAge 43

William Joseph Burnett
Huntsville, TXGrosse Pointe, MIMemphis, TNSan Antonio, TXCordova, TNGermantown, TN
Katherine BurnettEmily BurnettJane BurnettAndrew BurnettWililam Burnett


 


View Details


William Bill BurnettAge 52

William O BurnettBill O Burnett
Conroe, TXLas Vegas, NVMontgomery, TXHamilton, TXPointblank, TXBullhead City, AZWillis, TX
Connie BurnettJenifer BurnettDoris BurnettJanet WhiteLillie Burnett


 


View Details


Billy Leroy BurnettAge 45


Houston, TXMagnolia, TXHuntsville, TXMontgomery, TXConroe, TX
Melinda Burnett




 

PublicRecords360
is designed to help you safely find people and learn about others. PublicRecords360
does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual's eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA.
Learn more about FCRA restrictions. By using our website you agree to our Terms
of Service and Privacy Policy.









© copyright 2012 - 2017 PublicRecords360.com

Home

Notes

Terms

Privacy

Contact

































History of Wm. T. Burnett & Co. | Foam & Fabrics Manufacturer 









 


query


RESULTSET



query


 
CONTENT
META_DESC
META_IMAGE
META_KEYWORDS
META_TITLE
TITLE


1
<p>
	<strong>A History of Innovation</strong></p>
<p>
	<strong>1898:</strong> &nbsp;Wm. T. Burnett was established in Baltimore as a trading company for cotton linters. It evolved into a manufacturer of cotton batting and felt for the furniture and bedding industries, and quickly earned a reputation for quality, dealing in high-end India cotton. During WWII, the company was a designated government supplier of kapok, an important material used in life preservers.</p>
<p>
	<strong>1950s:</strong> &nbsp;Venturing into the flexible polyurethane foam manufacturing business in 1954, Wm. T. Burnett became the first U.S. licensee of Mobay Technology, a joint venture of Bayer and Monsanto. The company&rsquo;s current headquarters and site of the original plant in Baltimore was the location for the first continuous pouring machine for flexible polyurethane foam in the world. The massive equipment had a reciprocating pour head and laid the pre-polymer mixture into waxed pans that traveled beneath the pouring head on a conveyor, a true innovation of the time. In the mid-1950&rsquo;s, the Statesville, North Carolina plant was opened to better service customers in the furniture industry.&nbsp;</p>
<p>
	<strong>1960s:</strong> &nbsp;In 1964, synthetic fiber was introduced to the Statesville plant, which had previously only converted cotton. Starting in 1965, polyester was used to form filling batt.</p>
<p>
	<strong>1970s: </strong>&nbsp;Continuous filament fiber was introduced in the early 1970s, and the company invented and manufactured equipment to blow CF fiber into furniture cushions.&nbsp;</p>
<p>
	<strong>1980s:</strong> &nbsp;In 1985, Wm. T. Burnett began as one of the first producers of &ldquo;low melt&rdquo; or thermal-bonded fiberfill. The company also pioneered and patented the process for densified polyester fiberfill with weights and thicknesses that could be used in mattress cores, outdoor furniture and commodity foam replacement. Continuing throughout the 1980&#39;s, new technologies were implemented at the company&rsquo;s expanding plant operations, including new bonding lines, high speed cross lappers with needle punch capabilities, finishing looms, and ovens for high-loft bonding.</p>
<p>
	<strong>2000s: </strong>&nbsp;Beginning in the fall of 2004, Wm. T. Burnett became one of the first manufacturers to successfully produce a high-loft barrier made of modified rayon.&nbsp;</p>
<p>
	&nbsp;</p> 
Backed by a history of innovation, Wm. T. Burnett & Co. has been fostering relationships in the supply of foam and nonwoven products for over 100 years. 
[empty string] 
[empty string] 
History of Wm. T. Burnett & Co. | Foam & Fabrics Manufacturer 
Our History 





CACHED
false 


EXECUTIONTIME
3 


SQL
SELECT title,content,meta_image,meta_title,meta_desc,meta_keywords
	FROM tbl_content
	WHERE 1 = 1
	
		AND label = ? 


SQLPARAMETERS


array
				
1
 history 








Close






About Burnett

History
The Burnett Advantage
Technologies
Quality and Process
Certifications



Specialty & Technical Foams

Technologies & Capabilities
Applications



Nonwoven Fabrics

Technologies & Capabilities
Applications


News
Contact Us













About Burnett

Our History





Our History



A History of Innovation

1898:  Wm. T. Burnett was established in Baltimore as a trading company for cotton linters. It evolved into a manufacturer of cotton batting and felt for the furniture and bedding industries, and quickly earned a reputation for quality, dealing in high-end India cotton. During WWII, the company was a designated government supplier of kapok, an important material used in life preservers.

1950s:  Venturing into the flexible polyurethane foam manufacturing business in 1954, Wm. T. Burnett became the first U.S. licensee of Mobay Technology, a joint venture of Bayer and Monsanto. The company’s current headquarters and site of the original plant in Baltimore was the location for the first continuous pouring machine for flexible polyurethane foam in the world. The massive equipment had a reciprocating pour head and laid the pre-polymer mixture into waxed pans that traveled beneath the pouring head on a conveyor, a true innovation of the time. In the mid-1950’s, the Statesville, North Carolina plant was opened to better service customers in the furniture industry. 

1960s:  In 1964, synthetic fiber was introduced to the Statesville plant, which had previously only converted cotton. Starting in 1965, polyester was used to form filling batt.

1970s:  Continuous filament fiber was introduced in the early 1970s, and the company invented and manufactured equipment to blow CF fiber into furniture cushions. 

1980s:  In 1985, Wm. T. Burnett began as one of the first producers of “low melt” or thermal-bonded fiberfill. The company also pioneered and patented the process for densified polyester fiberfill with weights and thicknesses that could be used in mattress cores, outdoor furniture and commodity foam replacement. Continuing throughout the 1980's, new technologies were implemented at the company’s expanding plant operations, including new bonding lines, high speed cross lappers with needle punch capabilities, finishing looms, and ovens for high-loft bonding.

2000s:  Beginning in the fall of 2004, Wm. T. Burnett became one of the first manufacturers to successfully produce a high-loft barrier made of modified rayon. 

	 



Our Leading Technologies



			Specialty Polyester and Polyether Foams



			Flame Retardancy



			Peeled Textile Foams



			Fire Barrier Material for Mattresses



			Cross Lapped High-Loft Nonwovens



			LWRT- Lightweight Reinforced
			Thermoplastic Nonwoven









Copyright © 2017 Wm. T. Burnett & Co.   Made in the U.S.A.
Privacy Policy
|
Website Terms of Use
|
Purchase Order Terms & Conditions

Terms & Conditions of Sale


1500 Bush Street, Baltimore, MD 21230
1-800-638-0606
info@wmtburnett.com








Sitemap
About Us
The Burnett Advantage
Quality & Process Control




 
Technologies
Certifications
News




 
STX
PFA
Contact Us






Specialty & Technical Foams
Technologies & Capabilities
Applications
Handling & Safety




Nonwoven Fabrics
Technologies & Capabilities
Applications
Handling & Safety











William B Burnett - Cohasset, MA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found William B Burnett in Cohasset, MA


William B Burnett

                                                                           Intelius found that William B Burnett  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from Cohasset, MA.  We have connected them to
                12 addresses,
                13 phones,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Bill B Burnett


Get Report Now

Age

William B Burnett is in his 40s

William Has Lived In

Cohasset, MA
Cos Cob, CT
New York, NY

William's Relatives

Sigrid Burnett
Michele Silverman







William B Burnett



Zodiac SignAquarius



GenderMale



Professional Status
Board Member at Jdrf



Get Report Now










Want to know more about William? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about William, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on William B Burnett
Get a Criminal Check on William B Burnett
Get a Public Record Report on William B Burnett
Get a People Search Report on William B Burnett


William B Burnett's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where William B Burnett has lived as well as William B Burnett's phone numbers and email addresses.




William B Burnett Has Lived in 5 States
Massachusetts Address for William B Burnett


132 C**** C****** J****** H** 

Cohasset, MA


Has Lived In

Cohasset, MA
Cos Cob, CT


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with William B Burnett

(781) ***-**** - Cohasset, MA 
(781) ***-**** - Cohasset, MA 
(617) ***-****


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with William B Burnett

b*******2@***.net
b**l@***.com


Get Email Report




William B Burnett's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about William B Burnett's academic history.  Find out which schools William B Burnett attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees William B Burnett received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


William B Burnett Has Attended 2 Schools
Ohio Wesleyan University 
Harvard University                                             


William B Burnett's Professional Information
Information regarding William B Burnett's professional history.  Find out previous places William B Burnett has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


William B Burnett Has Worked at 3 Places
Company: Jdrf
               Title: Board Member
Company: Streamline Events LLC
               Title: Managing Director
William B Burnett's Experience
Title: Board Member
               Company: Jdrf
Job Details
               JDRF is the leading global organization funding type 1 diabetes (T1D) research. Our mission is to accelerate life-changing breakthroughs to cure, prevent and treat T1D and its complications. To accomplish this, JDRF has invested more than $2 billion in research funding since our inception. We are an organization built on a grassroots model of people connecting in their local communities, collaborating regionally for efficiency and broader fundraising impact, and uniting on a national stage to pool resources, passion, and energy. We collaborate with academic institutions, policymakers, and corporate and industry partners to develop and deliver a pipeline of innovative therapies to people living with T1D. Our staff and volunteers throughout the United States and our six international affiliates are dedicated to advocacy, community engagement and our vision of a world without T1D.
Title: Managing Director
               Company: Streamline Events LLC
Job Details
               "Streamline Events race organization, production value and quality of field continues to improve every year. We are grateful for Streamline's investment in the draft legal format - as well as its passion for U.S. Triathletes just getting started and in need of a pathway to advance to the Elite level."
Additional Professional Information on William B Burnett

 See William B Burnett's LinkedIn Profile



William B Burnett's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for William B Burnett


William B Burnett's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of William B Burnett's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
William Burnett
Username Matches

                  WilliamBurnett
                  BurnettWilliam
                  William.Burnett
                  Burnett.William
                  William_Burnett
                  Burnett_William
                  William-Burnett
                  Burnett-William
                  WBurnett
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
W Burnett







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













William Burnett: Designer - Home




















































William Burnett: Designer
HomeWilliam Burnett's Blog





















Executive Director, Design Program Consulting Assistant Professor, Mechanical EngineeringStanford UniversityBuilding 550 room 137


Office hoursMonday - Wednesday: 3:20-6:00Summer Hours: June 17 - September 23 By Appointment OnlyPhone: 650-280-0098 (office and mobile)wburnett@stanford.edu











Resume
EDUCATION:09/81 - 06/82 Stanford University, MS Product DesignMaster Thesis: A Computer Controlled Chocolate Candy-making MachineDesign Entrepreneur Coursework, Stanford GSB09/75 - 06/79 	Stanford University, BS Product DesignSenior Thesis: A Pedal-Powered Grain ThresherWORK HISTORY:12/05 - 03/13   Senior Fellow,  D2M Inc., Mountain View, CA.Focused on strategic innovation and technology, business development, and innovation in the HDTV and display technology space.03/04 – 12/05 Co-Founder and CTO, nLighten Technologies, Mt View, CA.Co-founded a company making rear projection HDTV technology. Raised $4M dollars from private sources.  Invented a proprietary software and optical technique to make thin (8”) projection TVs at half the cost of flat panels. Filed five patents.10/96 – 03/04 President, D2M, Inc., Mountain View, CA.Managed the company and set the vision for this innovation-based product development consulting firm.  Grew the Company from 4 to 36 engineers and designers with revenues over US$7 million.  The Company provides design and technology development to the consumer electronics, TV, PC, display, power tool, medical device, and instrumentation industries.
Patents and Awards
PATENTS 4,370,083  Multiple threaded fastener assembly, Varian Associates	4,625,259  Integral Pivoting Power Supply, Prentice Co.6,067,673  Bathroom fixture using radar detector to control fluid flow, Kohler Co.6,206,340  Radar devices for low power applications and bathroom fixtures6,250,601  Advanced touch-less plumbing systems, Kohler Co.6,388,609  Radar devices for low power applications/bathroom fixtures, Kohler6,459,483  Level with angle and distance measuring apparatus6,568,655  Radar devices for low power applications and bathroom fixtures6,741,343  Level with angle and distance measuring apparatus7,324,734 Arbitrary surface optical element and method of making the same PATENTS PENDING20040075679 Guest Interface Appliance20060119800 System and method for self-aligning collapsible display20060144961 Pressure washer20060195792 System and method for audio/video equipment display selection 20070103583 Display wall comprising multiple displays and method of operation20070152359 Method of making an arbitrary surface optical elementINNOVATION AND DESIGN	D281,606  WorkSlateTM Portable computerized unit, Convergent TechnologiesD285,203  Touch-tablet controller for computers, Koala Technologies Co.ID Magazine Award, WorkSlateTM Portable Computer


08/93 - 07/96 Product Leader - laptops, Apple Computer, Cupertino, CA.Managed the development of the PowerBook 500 series and the `96 high-end portable products. Responsible for a $10 million budget. Extensive experience with off-shore suppliers of portable computer components. Developed the PowerBook 550C for the Japan market and established the internal benchmark for the fastest new product development in the division's history.08/89 - 08/93 Product Design Manager, Apple Computer, Cupertino, CA.Managed the product design of multiple PowerBook notebook computers. Innovations included the notebook market’s first touch pad input device (now universally imitated), the first dual battery system, and  radical new industrial designs. 02/88 - 08/89  M.E. Manager, Mirus Corporation, Santa Clara, CA.Manager of mechanical engineering for a startup company making a digital film printer for the Macintosh and PC desktop presentations market. The product was a challenging opto-mechanical design and the smallest desktop system in its class.07/84 - 12/87 Founder/Vice President, R & D, Greybridge Inc., Palo Alto, CARaised $2.1 million from Hambrecht and Quist Partners and the Dakin Co for an innovative educational toy company. Managed the design group and developed a line of 21 toys. Sold the Company to Worlds of Wonder in Fremont; CA. Continued on as VP of Toy Development at WOW until the Company was dissolved.01/83 - 06/84 Product Design Engineer, Convergent Technologies Lead engineer in the startup WorkSlate Portable Computer Division, the world's first "slate" computer07/79 - 08/81 Toy Invention Engineer, Kenner Products, Cincinnati, OhioInvented, prototyped, and child tested over fifty toy and game products, including toys for the movies Empire Strikes Back, Return of the Jedi, and Raiders of the Lost Arc for LucasFilm Ltd.
Conferences
CONFERENCESPresenter: 2004 HDTV Forum sponsored by Display Search and Insight MediaPresenter: 2007 Society for Global Business & Economic Development, Kyoto, “The Role of Design Thinking in Firms and Management Education”, with Prof Bruce A. Heiman San Francisco State UniversityPresenter: 2008 International Business and Economics Conference, San Francisco, The Innovation Crisis Plenary Panel












Create a free website

			Powered by 





















✕





Burnett Genealogy Connections - Morris County, Kansas; Vigo County, Indiana; Suffolk County, New York







Burnett Genealogy Connections
Morris County, Kansas; Vigo County, Indiana; Suffolk County, New York


I am Paul Ross Burnett, a safety consultant in Silicon Valley, 
California. My father, Otis Lefon Burnett, Junior (here is his 
pedigree), was born in Council 
Grove, Morris County, Kansas, March 15, 1916.  My father was one of eight siblings, and I 
had nineteen cousins.  (I will follow convention and give no details on anybody still alive.)  
My goal in this web page is to show Burnett connections from Morris County, Kansas, extending 
back in time to Vigo County, Indiana, and further to Long Island, Suffolk County, New York.

Otis Lefon Burnett, Junior's, father was, of course:
Otis Lefon Burnett, Senior
(...but because everybody called him "Fon", that's what I'll call him here, too)
Born 5 June 1884, Council Grove, Morris County, Kansas
Married Anna Maude Wiggins 20 Dec 1905
Died 6 Nov 1974
Anna Maude Wiggins
Born 29 Jan 1885, Wilsey, Morris County, Kansas
Died 6 Dec 1973

 Fon and Maude had eight children: 

 Wilma Maude Burnett Metcalfe (d)
 Chester Lewis Burnett (b 13 Feb 1909, d 28 Jan 1995)
 Mildred Eliza Burnett Schoof (d)
 Fern Margaret Burnett Simmons (b 3 Feb 1913, d 1 Jan 2001)
 Otis Lefon Burnett, Junior (b 15 Mar 1916, d 1 Jul 1996)
 Ross Wiggins Burnett (b 20 Jan 1917, d 1942, in WW II; never married, no children)
 Velva Leora Burnett Blanton (d)
 Leland Eugene Burnett



Here is a picture of Fon and Maude in front, 
and (from the left) Mildred, Chester, Wilma, Fern, Otis Jr., Velva and Leland.  The picture must 
have been taken about 1955.

  Fon's main vocation was raising Jacks and 
Jennies, and mules and hinnies, and the horses necessary to their production.  A Jack is a 
male donkey, or jackass, and a Jenny is a female donkey.  A mule is the product of a male 
donkey and a female horse; a hinny is a cross between a male horse and a female donkey 
(jenny > hinny).  He traded pretty much all over the country.  Some people were looking for 
small "cotton mules", or "Jennie Mules".  He also raised a lot of cattle, hogs and chickens, 
and the necessary grain to feed the whole menagerie.

  Anna Maude Wiggins was born on a farm 
near Wilsey, Kansas.  Her family moved to Pomona, Kansas, about 1892.  She returned to Wilsey 
to visit her Berry cousins about 1904, at which time she took a job as a hired girl for the 
Burnett's. Here's a summary of this story from my Aunt Fern: "When Uncle Ed (Sydner Edward 
Burnett, Fon's half brother) saw that grandmother (Margaret Denny Burnett) needed help in the 
house, he sent Fon to Wilsey where he knew the Berry girls who helped in homes. When Fon got 
to Wilsey, the Berry girls were all employed; but they had a cousin there visiting them.  She 
was from Franklin County.  He asked if she would come to work.  She said. "No, I came to 
visit, not work."  So Fon went home without her.  Uncle Ed knew that Grandma needed help, so 
he went to Wilsey and talked Anna Maude into coming home with him.  William Burnett asked her 
what her name was and she said, "Anna Maude."  But all he understood was the "Maude."  So from 
that time on, she was "Anna" to the Wiggins' and "Maude" to the Burnetts.  (My Aunt Fern says 
that she thinks Fon thought it was cheaper to marry Maude than pay her.  Fern has Maude's last 
paycheck, signed 'M.D. Burnett by OLB'." 

 Anna Maude's father, William Wiggins, was 
born 26 Jun 1846 in London, England - William Wiggins and his wife Anna Eliza Berry (known 
as "Eliza") had 15 
children.  William was apprenticed as a wagonmaker and blacksmith.  When he was 24 years old 
(1870) he and the Berry family migrated from Iowa to Wilsey, Morris County, Kansas, by wagon 
train.  (Anna was not supposed to come to Kansas, but was in love with William and hid in a 
wagon so she could go with him.)  They farmed in Wilsey until 1892 and moved to a farm near 
Pomona.  In 1900 William moved into Pomona and built and operated a store.  In 1917 he sold 
the store and retired.  He died in 1938 in Ottawa, Franklin County, Kansas.  William and Anna 
are buried in the Appanoose Cemetary about eight miles north of Pomona.  Here is my listing of  
Anna Maude Wiggins' Ancestors

 Anna Maude's mother, Anna Eliza Berry, 
was the daughter of Peter Stephen Berry and Tabitha Piatt, married 25 May 1852 
by Justice of the Peace J. P. Tunis in Marion County Ohio.  Tabitha Piatt Berry was the 
daughter of Stephen Piatt (b ~1790 in VA) and Mary McConnell (b ~1786), who were married 
29 June 1813 by Joseph Tharp.  Tabitha's siblings included Hannah (b 1829), Mary (b 1833), possibly 
Susan (b 1811), Sarah (b 1816), Andrew, four other sisters.  (Summarized from Laverne 
Ingram Piatt, 5 Dec 2004 - (see http://boards.ancestry.com/mbexec/msg/an/Z.2ACBAEB/1.5.7.17.89.151.1.1.1.1.1.1.

 Peter Stephen Berry's parents, Henry (b 30 Sep 
1797; d 20 May 1880) and Mary (b 14 Nov 1803; d 11 Aug 1877) Berry, are buried just outside 
New English, Iowa - info from Beth Elaine Montgomery Hotaling of Ottawa, Kansas; via Sandra 
Adams sageso@yahoo.com

 There was a Wiggins Family Reunion held every 
summer from 1916 to the 1970's in Ottawa, Franklin County, Kansas - I went to several 
as a child.  It is now held in Melvern, Kansas, hosted by the Elmer William Burnett family, per 
their daughter-in-law Donna Burnett, DonnaKSU@aol.com.  I 
understand there is another Wiggins Family Reunion from this same line held in Washington 
State.  I would appreciate any information on this. 

 William Wiggins' father Reuben Wiggins and his 
wife Martha Bourd had 15 children.  Reuben came to the United States and sent back money for 
Martha and (then) seven children to come in 1853 in a sailing ship.  William was seasick all 
three weeks of the way.  Reuben and his family moved to Illinois and then to Iowa City, Iowa. 
(Coming soon: Reuben and Martha's obituaries and Reuben's will, courtesy of cousin John 
Stevenson, johnes@pensys.com, a descendent of 
Reuben's daughter Lavina.)

Otis Lefon Burnett, Senior's father was:
William  Burnett
Born 10 Dec 1828, Terre Haute, Vigo County, Indiana
Married Mary Emily Cunningham 4 July 1852 (Mary b 1 Oct 1835, d 1864-1865?)
Married Margaret Denny (Otis' mother) 9 Mar 1865 (Margaret b 30 Dec 1843, d 5 Apr 
1925)
Died 24 Feb 1908

 Here is a picture of 
William Burnett and Margaret Denny Burnett.
 William and Mary were married in a small town 
named Burnett Post Office (formerly Otterville, in Otter Creek Township), in Vigo County, Indiana, and had five children: 

 Sydner Edward Burnett ("Uncle Ed") (b 1855, m Jessie F. Smith, d 1930, one child: Edward Jesse.  
Uncle Ed was a drummer for Scudders Canadian Maple Syrup.  He traveled on trains from one town 
to the next and set up his sales promotion place then move on the the next town.  He retired to 
the Alamo Hotel in San Antonio, Texas)
 Linus Albert Burnett (m Ruth Dean, 8 children: William, Mary E., Edward Amos, Sidney Grover, 
Arthur J., Harry, Jessie Florence, Charles O. - Linus had the farm next to Otis' farm)
 Charles Austin Burnett
Stephen Grover Burnett (known as "S. Grover Burnett" married Florence L. Barbier - he practiced medicine in Kansas City and had 
his own hospital and medical school; he is variously described as a neurologist and an "alienist," which today would be a psychiatrist)
 Hannah E Burnett (m William M. Staggs; Hannah had one child: Blanch).
 William Burnett and Margaret Denny had five children: 

 Hanna Burnett
 Mardella Burnett (m John LeMay, children: Bessie, Grover, John, Clyde, George, Edna, Lilla, James, 
Ruth, Louis, Jesse, Flossie, Charles)
 Jesse Morton Burnett (buried at Four Mile Cemetary in the Burnett family plot)
 Otis Lefon Burnett (Senior)
William Junior

I don't have much other information on any of these children except for my 
grandfather Otis - any information would be appreciated.
 Margaret Denny was born in Circleville, 
Ohio; her parents were David O. Denny and David's second wife Clarinda Cresap (for some reason incorrectly identified as Corinda Sample in some records) (b 
1819, d 16 Sep 1846); David and Clarinda had four children: John (b abt 1840); Daniel (b 1842); 
Benjamin T. (b 1843, d bef 1868); and Margaret.  Here is a 
picture of David O. Denny and his third wife, Elizabeth Thompson 
Dulin Denny. (Information from Denny scholar Audrey Moran, 
ramoran@quik.com
), and Ron Bachman (see below); 
picture from my Uncle Leland Burnett. 

 More DENNY information, from a new correspondent: my 
fifth cousin once removed, Ron Bachman, 
osbach@erols.com):


"Elizabeth Thompson Dulin Denny is my great-great grandmother.  Her son, Benjamin 
Franklin Dulin, was the stepson of David O. Denny.  Benjamin grew up 
with your ancestor Margaret Denny.  I know quite a lot about the Denny 
family and am continuing to research it."

"Margaret Denny Burnett was the second cousin once removed of my great-grandmother, Sarah 
Denny Dulin.  My Sarah met her future husband, Benjamin Franklin Dulin, while working in the 
household of David O. Denny, her second cousin.  The Dennys and Dulins were impossibly 
intertwined -- beginning back in Pickaway County, Ohio, and getting even more so in Vigo 
County, Indiana.  The woman in the photograph (above) is the mother of Benjamin 
Franklin Dulin.  She was born in 1801 in Pennsylvania and died in Terre Haute on January 2, 
1883. (I have a copy of her death certificate).  She was the third and last of David O. Denny's 
wives.  David O. Denny was killed in a boiler explosion on 
Thanksgiving day, November 23, 1870. This was a doubly tragic event, as his grandson, David 
Denny, was killed along with him.  Even though David O. Denny and his third wife (my ancestor) 
had no children together, they had grandchildren together! David, the boy killed in the 
explosion, was the son of David's son, James B. Denny, and Elizabeth's daughter, Frances Jane 
Dulin, who were married in Vigo County on January 8, 1857.  I won't go into all the 
other incredible interconnections of the Dennys and Dulins." 

"As a descendant of David O. Denny, you have TWO Denny immigrant forbears, who undoubtedly were 
brothers:  William Denny the Elder, born February 1708 in Ulster, died October 8, 1784, in 
Uwchlan Township, Chester County, PA, is the closest ancestor you and I share.  I have visited 
his grave in Forks of Brandywine Church, near Downington, PA. He and some of his sons and 
numerous other relatives are buried near the beautiful Presbyterian church there, and the 
tombstones are in superb condition.  William the Elder had at least one brother who came to 
America, and his name was David.  Your great-great grandfather David O. Denny was descended 
from this immigrant, too.  As a matter of fact, David O. Denny was the product of three 
generations of David Dennys who married cousins named Margaret Denny!  This is the truth.  
So you are much more of a Denny than I am!"

"Most of the information I have on the earliest Dennys comes from the three-volume work 
titled "Denny Genealogy," by Margaret Collins Denny Dixon and Elizabeth Chapman Denny Vann.  
The earliest information is probably the most accurate in the trilogy -- it is based on 
family papers, bibles, tax records, etc.  In the later generations, especially in Vigo County, 
the authors made some major mistakes.  Apparently they ran out of steam, because they failed 
to discover the 1812 pension records of my ancestor William R. Denny, and the Civil War 
records of my great-grandfather Benjamin F. Dulin, which present a clear picture of the 
Dulin-Denny relationship."

- from Ron Bachman, great-grandson of Benjamin F. Dulin and Sarah Ann Denny.

 William Burnett's father was named 
Stephen Grover Burnett; he had a brother named Stephen Grover Burnett; and he named 
a son Stephen Grover Burnett.

William  Burnett's father was:
Stephen Grover Burnett, Senior
Born Sep 1796, Hanover, New Jersey
Married Hanna Creal (William's mother) (b 17 Mar 1799, d 7 Dec 1829)
Married Ann/Anna/Almy Scully on March 20, 1830 
Married Kate (Catherine) Adams (b about 1794, d March 5 1864)
Died 21 May 1861, Terre Haute, Vigo County, Indiana.  Here is Stephen 
Grover Burnett's pedigree; here is Stephen Grover Burnett's 
obituary and here is Stephen Grover Burnett's 
tombstone in Woodlawn Cemetery in Terre Haute, IN.

 Stephen and Hanna had five children; William was 
the last - he was a one-year-old babe-in-arms (literally!) when Hanna was thrown from a horse and 
killed.  Stephen re-married; he and Ann Scully produced another Stephen Grover Burnett, Junior - 
then they divorced (Ann and Stephen Junior moved to Warrensburgh MO).  Stephen then married Kate 
(Catherine) Adams, a widow with three children.

 Stephen, Catherine and William are listed in 
the 1850 Census for Vigo 
County, Indiana's Nevans Township.  The Adams family is the immediate next census listing.  
Hanna's brother Anthony Creal, Junior, and his family are listed in the neighboring Otter Creek 
Township.

 Stephen was a veteran of the War of 1812, an 
"artillerist", enlisted 23 June 1814.  He was in Capt. Green's Company of Artillery, 
transferred to Capt. James R. Hanhams Co. Corps of Artillery July 6, 1814, transferred to 
Capt. Richard L. Howell's Co. May 1, 1815.  I have a photostat of his army discharge.  He was 
discharged in New York 12 May 1815, described on discharge paper as "about 21 years of age, 
five feet 8 inches high, ruddy complexion, blue eyes, dark hair." ("...Captain Callendar 
Irvine�s Company of Artillerists and Engineers, organized on 27 April 1798. Later the unit 
fought courageously as Captain James R. Hanham�s Company in the War of 1812 earning its first 
letter designation and campaign streamer as Company K, Corps of Artillery, Northern Division." - 
http://www.globalsecurity.org/military/agency/army/1-62ada.htm) 

 After Stephen and Hanna married they moved to 
London, Ontario.  On May 2, 1821 they, with their son Linus Anthony, then three years old, and 
others including Hanna's brother Anthony Creal, Junior, started for Indiana.  They went down the 
Thames River across Lake St. Clair, up the Maumee River, over the mountains and down a tributary 
to the Wabash River to Terre Haute - all on a pirouge - a type of raft made by themselves from a 
large pine tree, hollowed out, with a cabin at one end.  This was their only conveyance to Terre 
Haute.  Stephen and a small party had made a trip as far south as St. Louis about two years 
earlier (about 1819).  They were attacked by Indians on the return trip and lost all their 
possessions.
 Stephen's first wife Hanna Creal was one 
of eleven children of Anthony Creal, Senior (b 13 Dec 1770 in Ballstown NY, m 10 Oct 1793, d 17 
Mar 1817 in Ellery NY, killed by a falling tree) and Hannah Seymour (b 8 Apr 1770, Ballstown NY, 
d 9 Nov 1850, Centerville PA), daughter of Ezra Seymour.  Ezra Seymour, son of Captain 
Thomas 
Seymour, served in Captain Reuben Scofield's Company, 9th Regiment, Connecticut Militia, 
commanded by Col. John Mead, in the Revolutionary War.  This Seymour line goes back to the 
Plantagenet kings of England in the 1200's, and even to the Danish god Woden (or Odin) through 
the official genealogy of the royal family of Denmark.  (My cousin Jim Fina says I also have 
Byzantine Emperor ancestors, and several Pharaoh's as well. Shosenq I, Pharaoh of Egypt is 
approximately my 105th GGF.)
 Stephen's first wife Hanna Creal's father 
Anthony Creal, Senior, and his brother came from Wales with their father John; the family name 
there was McCreal.  Anthony Creal, Junior, married Malinda Williams and had a large family, 
including sons Mark and Henry.  He built a tannery in Otter Creek Township, Vigo County, 
Indiana.  He was a Whig, and a Methodist - he gave the ground on which the Union Methodist 
Church was built.  He managed the tannery until he bought a mill, which his son Henry later 
owned.  Henry married Hannah Gray and had six children; Mark married Catherine D. Gray and 
they had six children.


 A Peculiar Connection With US President Grover 
Cleveland (from Henrietta Beardsley, Nov 1910): "Stephen Grover Burnett was born in Caldwell, 
New Jersey, a few blocks from the house in which Grover Cleveland was born.  (Grover Cleveland's) 
mother's father and grandfather were named Stephen Grover.  At the library of the N.J. Historical 
Society, in the records of the First Presbyterian Church, I found that he was one of the first 
pastors of the church, and was ordained and installed July 23, 1788.  Justus Burnett and his 
wife Lois had united with this church Dec. 1784 and were intimate friends with the pastor.  When 
their first son was born Mr. Grover asked that it be named for him, but the parents had decided 
on another name.  When the next boy came, they took him to be baptized.  The minister did not 
ask them the name for the baby, but taking him in his arms said, "I baptize thee in the name of 
Stephen Grover Burnett," giving him his own name.  He then turned to the parents and smiling 
said "I have waited long enough for a name-sake in this family."  
But is this story true?  Click here.

 Stephen Grover Burnett's son Linus Anthony 
Burnett's daughter Octavia Burnett (b 1855, d 1935) (my first cousin twice removed) married Dr. 
William C. Eichelberger.  She left her genealogical research material to the Vigo County Historical 
Society, which in turn left it to the Vigo County Public Library.  Here are some newspaper 
clippings from her scrapbook:
Cousin Octavia's Genealogy Research
Cousin Octavia joins the National Society, Daughters of Founders and Patriots of America

 Stephen had a sister named Hanna, a 
wife named Hanna, and a daughter named Hanna.

Stephen Grover Burnett, Senior's, father was
Justus Burnett 
Born 1760, Bottle Hill, New Jersey
Married Lois Crane 1783 (Lois b 1767, d 7 Nov 1831)
Died 1826, Hanover, New Jersey

 Justus and Lois were married in the Presbyterian 
Church in Caldwell, New Jersey.  They had twelve children: 

Mary K Burnett (b 1784)
Linus B Burnett (b 1785)
William Burnett (b 1788)
Rhoda M Burnett (b 1790)
Sarah Burnett (b 1792)
Hanna Burnett (b 1796)
Stephen Grover Burnett (b Sep 1796)
Eleazer Burnett (b 1799)
Roselinda Burnett (b 1801)
John M Burnett (b 1804)
Eliza S. Burnett (b 1807)
Virgil Justus Burnett (b 1809)



 Justus was a musician and singer.  He used to 
have singing schools in and around Caldwell, New Jersey.  He helped to build the road up over 
Orange Mountain.  There was one place near the top of the mountain where the road made quite 
a turn.  There were immense boulders here that they could not get out of the way.  Mr. Burnett 
was given the contract to clear the way.  He blasted the rocks and removed them so that the 
road could be completed.

 Justus and Lois are buried in the Church Yard 
at Hanover, New Jersey.

 Lois Crane's parents were Stephen Crane and 
Rhoda Holloway - here is a listing of their children:

Benjamin. b. 1758. {could be 1753, copy unclear}
Stephen, b. Sept. 1. 1787; was the father of Benjamin
Azariah, b. 1754; m. - Tooker
Jeremiah
Lois, baptized May 11, 1760; m. Justice (sic) Burnet (sic)
Polly; m. Dr. Bone
Rhoda, b. about 1760; m. Linus Baldwin
Abigail; m. Caleb Martin
Keturah; m. Ira Williams; went to Now York State, had a large family
Sarah; m. Nehemiah Baldwin
Bradford

...from Genealogy of the Crane Family Vol. 2, by Ellery Bicknell Crane.  Published 
Worcester, MA, Press of Charles Hamilton, 311 Main Street (approx 1895 - 1900)

 Lois Crane's father Stephen Crane was a son of 
Azariah Crane, Junior, who was a son of Azariah Crane, Senior, who was a son of Jasper Crane - 
here is Stephen's pedigree.  Also, here is a web-page of information 
on Stephen's great-grandfather, Jasper Crane:
http://www.altlaw.com/edball/html/d0108/i01216.htm#NOTESI01216
.

Justus Burnett's father was:
William Burnett
Born about 1724
Married Mary Miller (Mary b 1726, d 1787)

 William and Mary had: 

William Junior (b 1754, d 1829, m Annah Dodd, children Caleb Dodd, Mary, Joanna (m 
John Ketchum; Joanna lived to age 102)
John
Justus
Johanna
Sarah
Mary
Eleazer (Mary and Eleazer were twins)


 William served in the Revolutionary War as a 
private in the New Jersey state troops, and in the Continental Army.  His service is documentd 
in: "Jerseymen in the Revolution", Stryker, pp159, 526; "History of Southampton, Long Island, 
New York", chapter on Burnett Genealogy; "Records of the First Presbyterian Church of Caldwell, 
New Jersey"; "Crane Genealogy", E. B. Crane, Vol II, p 343; "History of Morris County, New 
Jersey"

William's father was:
Aaron Burnett, Junior
Born 1695, Southampton, Long Island, Suffolk County, New York; died 1771
Married Sarah Herrick (Sarah was previously married to a Squires)
 Aaron Junior and Sarah produced five children:

William
James, b 1720
Matthias, b 1723 (or 1729?); d 1805
Sarah
Ebenezer, b 1737; d 1750

 (from Lewis Compton Burnett (son of Virgil 
Justus, above), written 1903: "...I have no history of Aaron Burnett Junior with the 
exception that he was known to be a prosperous farmer and it was said that his farm extended 
some seven miles long, beginning near Madison (New Jersey) and extended to Whippany.  What is 
now Burnett Road led down to their house.  As their first child was born in 1720 it is not 
likely that AB Jr was over 25 years old, making his birth about 1695.  So he may have moved 
from Southampton L.I. about 1720.  AB Jr's name appears in the Southampton Records with his 
father's and brother's in 1698."

 A Connection from Aaron Burnett, Junior, to 
the Early Mormon Church - A "Stephen Burnett" is mentioned in Section 80 of the Latter Day 
Saints (LDS) Church Doctrine and Covenants:  Verily, thus saith the Lord unto you my 
servant Stephen Burnett...." This Stephen Burnett was the only child of Serenus Burnett, 
an early LDS member.  Serenus' father was Edmund Burnett, son of Matthias Burnett, son of 
Aaron Burnett, Junior.  For details, click here.

Aaron Burnett, Junior's father was, of course:
Aaron Burnett, Senior
Born 1655
Died Sep 1755
 All I have on Aaron Senior is his wife's name 
was Elizabeth, and they had four children: 

Aaron Junior, b 1695 (1680's?)
Moses, b ca 1680's
Elizabeth, b ca 1680's
Hanna (Hannah?), b 1697


  Excerpted from the Collections of the New 
York Historical Society for the Year 1893, Volume II: Abstracts of Wills, 1708-1728, on file 
in the Surrogate's Office, City of New York. New York: The Will of Jonah Bower (Liber 7, page 560):
In the name of God, Amen, the 9th of May, 1709. I, Jonah Bower, of the town of Southampton, 
in the County of Suffolk. I leave to my eldest son, Daniel Bower, nine acres of land south of 
Joseph Hildreth's adjoining to the Woodruff's land; Also my tract of land which I had of Aaron 
Burnett, adjoining to Mr. Jonah Fordham's land on the west...." 
from: 
http://www.geocities.com/Heartland/Park/4501/JonahBower.html
.  NOTE: Aaron (Junior?/Senior?) probably inherited this land from his (father?/grandfather?) 
Thomas Burnett, because Mr. Jonah Fordham is also mentioned in Thomas Burnett's will (see 
below).
  Excerpted from "The Diaries of Aaron and Thomas 
Leaming", compiled in 1757:  "Christopher Leamyeng Landed in Some parts of New England near or 
at Boston. From Some Circumstances and the best accounts we can obtain it was about the year 
1674 that he married to Esther Burnett, the daughter of Aaron Burnett of the East End of 
Long Island and her Father gave her a Tract of Land at Sag near East Hampton which to this time 
I am informed goes by the name of Leamings Lot or Leamings corner. There he lived till about the 
year 1691...." from 
http://www.genweb.net/~samcasey/diary.html
. NOTE: As Aaron Senior was born in 1655, it is doubtful he would have had a marrying-age 
daughter in 1674 - but Aaron Senior's 
father Thomas had a daughter named Hester (mentioned in his 1679 will) - perhaps the diarist 
was mistaken and meant "Hester Burnett, the sister of Aaron Burnett (Senior)?"


Aaron Burnett Senior's father was:
Thomas Burnett (or possibly Burnet)
Born 1612
Died 1684 - Here is Thomas Burnett's Will, dated 1679
  Thomas Burnett had the following children:

 John, b ca 1646
 Aaron, b 1655
 Lot 
 Joel
 Dan, b ca 1662
 Mordecai, b ca 1663
 Hester
 Merrium
 Priscilla
 Lois
 Matthias, b 1673


  Thomas Burnett's son Dan had a son 
Ichabod (b 1684, d 1774); Ichabod had a son William (b 1730); this William had a son David 
G. Burnett, who was the first president of the Republic of Texas in 1836.

 (from Lewis Compton Burnett, 1903: "(Thomas 
Burnett) was a Presbyterian Puritan and must have left England in the early 1630's.  His 
second wife was Mary Pierson daughter of Rev. Pierson of Lynn Mass to whom he married in 
1663.  In these early years there were but few people in all of New England.  So our ancestry 
dates from the very first to settle the new country.  Lynn Mass was settled in 1630, 50 new 
settlers having come in that year from England.  It was first called Saugus. Named for Lynn 
Regis, England"

 "Thomas Burnett, born in Scotland, emigrated to 
Massachusetts and removed to Southampton, Long Island, where he received his allotment of land 
October 6, 1643.  Second marriage Dec. 3, 1663 at Lynn, Mass, Mary Pierson (Pearson) b. June 20, 
1643, daughter of John Pierson.  Thomas by his first wife {Mary Cooper} had a son, 
Aaron, b. 1655" - Vigo County Historical Society, 1915; ref Volume I of the Genealogical and 
Memorial History of the State of New York, published by the Lewis Historical Publishing 
Company, page 319.
 ...but on the other hand: (from Jim Fina, 
1999:  "Nowhere, in any of 
the older histories of New England or Long Island, is any proof offered that Thomas 
Burnet of Southampton, came from Yorkshire--it seems to be based, not on research, but 
purely on conjecture. Nowhere does it mention his family, or who his father in Yorkshire 
might have been--just that he's supposed to have come from that part of England. Actually, 
Thomas Burnet, as later research shows, came from Braintree, Essex England. He removed to 
Lynn, MA, where he lived a short time, before relocating to Southampton, Long Island, NY. 
There, in 1643, he took a lot, according to Southampton Town Records. He remained there until 
his death in 1684. He was married to Mary Cooper, and together they raised their 11 children, 
the first born in 1645. The noted genealogist Eugene Bouton, in doing research on Matthias 
Burnet, hired a professional genealogist, a Mr. M.L. Hawley, who, in a letter dated February 
1, 1932, reported that he had discovered the origins of this Long Island Burnet family. He 
stated that they were descended from Dr. Thomas Burnet of Braintree, Essex, England. In my 
own researching, I discovered that Dr. Thomas Burnet had a son named Thomas, born in 1612, 
the oldest of three children.

     
In addition, the research of William Burnet Austin, also stated that Thomas Burnet of 
Southampton was the son of Dr. Thomas Burnet of Braintree, Essex, England. Dr. Thomas Burnet 
is, in turn, the son of Alexander Burnet, 11th of Leys and his wife Katherine Arbuthnot of 
Fiddes. This same Arbuthnot family connection, as it turns out, provides a direct line of 
descent from most of the lines of Kings of Europe and Asia.

     Many early records also stated that Thomas Burnet of Southampton 
was related to Gilbert Burnet, Bishop of Salsbury, and his son, Governor William Burnet, 
Colonial Governor of NJ, NY, and MA. Since Bishop Burnet was a member of the Burnet of Leys 
family, this also makes our Thomas Burnet a descendant of the Burnets of Leys. In researching 
the book "The Family of Burnett of Leys, With Collateral Branches," by George Burnett, LL.D., 
Lyon King of Arms, 1901, there are 15 Thomas Burnet(t)s listed. All but one can be accounted 
for--Thomas Burnet, the son of Dr. Thomas Burnet of Braintree. Also, in the same book, the 
connection is made between Bishop Gilbert Burnet and the same Thomas Burnet, who is by all 
indications, our Thomas Burnet of Southampton. The book shows they were first cousins, once 
removed." 


The Ancestors of Thomas Burnett - From Jim Fina: 
http://home.att.net/~jimfina/leys.html#DrThoBurnet

This web page is a work in progress - I'll be putting more information on....

Resources:
The Morris County (Kansas) Web Page: 
http://skyways.lib.ks.us/kansas/genweb/morris/index.html, 
and its webmaster, Kenny Thomas, thomask@iland.net
 My second cousin Audrey Moran's Burnett Web 
Page: 

http://www.geocities.com/Heartland/Village/3233/burnett.html
 The 1850 Census, Vigo County, Indiana, Nevans 
Township, which mentions Stephen G. Burnett, Catherine, William - along with other Burnett's, 
Adams' and Comptons. (See also the Otter Creek Township Census, for more Burnett's, Denny's, 
Creal's and Compton's): 
http://www.geocities.com/Heartland/Plains/9467/nevans50.txt
 
INDIANA STATE LIBRARY, Genealogy Division, Database to an Index of Indiana Marriages Through 1850, 
including marriage records of assorted Burnetts and Creals: 
http://www.statelib.lib.in.us/www/indiana/genealogy/mirr.html
 Patrick Murphy's Web Page, with a Creal genealogy 
page: 
http://members.iquest.net/~tichelaar/
 Waddie Salmon's Burnett Web Page (a different Burnett line, in Virginia, Tennessee): 
http://www.geocities.com/Heartland/3348/burnettsurname.htm
 My 6th cousin L_awrence H_iler's Burnett Web Page: 
http://www.altlaw.com/edball/html/d0064/i12886.htm
 Pam Yates, in Indiana: pjyates@abcs.com
 The "Clan" Burnett Web Page and the Burnett Tartan: 
http://www.electricscotland.com/webclans/atoc/burnett2.html
 The Burnett Tartan (Use 
your browser's BACK button to get back here from this full-page display of the Burnett 
Tartan, from Electric Scotland, above.)
 My 4th cousin Helen Caroline Lucking Fredell 
(whose mother is Helen Caroline Burnett, descended from Justus Burnett's youngest son 
Virgil Justus Burnett - Helen has a lot of material from the Vigo County (IN) Library) - 
HelenFred@aol.com

Crane Family Resources (see Justus Burnett, above):
 Beverly Crifasi, in Caldwell, near Montclair (Cranetown), NJ
bcrifasi@hicom.net
 The Crane Family Message Board
http://www.rootsweb.com/~genepool/crane/index.html
 Joanne Rabun in Oregon: 
jrabun@ix.netcom.com
 Marjorie A. Neumann - TPRN61C@prodigy.com 
 Ron W. Crane in Allentown PA

Obviously, I am researching my Burnett line, and my collateral female ancestors' lines: Wiggins, 
Berry, and Bourd; Denny, Creal and Cresap; Crane, Holloway and Miller; and Squires.

Last major update September 5, 2006 (last minor update November 27 2008,)

Web Page established November 28, 1996 (as http://www.garlic.com/~pburnett/genealog.htm).


webmaster: paul@paulburnett.com



William Burnett 的个人主页 | Facebook


Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017























Product Timeline | Industrial Design History

























 


















Home

Design Stories
Video
Audio

Image
Professional Work
Student work



Text
Professional Text
Student Text



Personal History Timelines
Paul Specht





History Research
Original Articles
Biographies Timeline
Product Timelines
Design Firm Histories



Historical Musings

Blogs

FIDSA
Ed Zagorski







Resources
Recommended Reading
Links



About Us
Statement
Copyright Notice
Privacy Notice
Postal and Phone Contact
Our People
Get Involved

Affiliates
to Auburn
to IDSA



























						
			Search			
			
















Search this site: 

















Home | History Research | Product Timelines










Product Timeline





          Image        

          Product        

          Designer        

          Date        

          Summary        

          Key words        





 

Berliner Gramophone 

            Berliner, Emil          

1896 

An improved version of the Gramophone, a talking machine invented by Emil Berliner (1851-1929)...          

Emil Berliner, phone, US Gramophone Company 



 

First Dial Telephone 

            Strowger, Alman Brown          

1897 

The first dial telephone was introduced in 1897 by the Automatic Electric Company, founded in...          

Alman Brown Strowger, Automatic Electric Company, phone 



 

Curved Dash Oldsmobile 

            Durant, William C.          

1901 

The first US gasoline-powered auto to be produced in quantity, the 425 Runabout, was introduced...          

Olds Motor Works, vehicle, William C.Durant 



 

First Harley Davidson 

            Harley, William          

1903 

The first Harley-Davidson motorcycle was produced in Milwaukee in 1902 and launched in 1903 by...          

vehicle, William Harley 



 

Hotpoint Electric Iron 

            Richardson, Earl H.          

1905 

This electric iron, introduced to the market in 1905 by Earl H. Richardson, arranged the heating...          

Earl H. Richardson, Houseware 



 

Victrola Model XVI 

            Berliner, Emil and Johnson, Eldridge R.          

1906 

Copy The Victor Talking Machine Company, founded in 1901 by Emil Berliner and Eldridge R....          

Emil Berliner, Talking Machine 



 

GE's First Toaster 

            General Electric          

1908 

General Electric's GE First Toaster was a two-slice model with a porcelain base and a warming...          

General Electric, Houseware 



 

Table Fan 

            Behrens, Peter          

1908 

This table fan, designed by Peter Behrens, was introduced in 1908 by Allgemeine Elektricitäts...          

Houseware, Peter behrens 



 

Stickley, Gustav 

            Stickley, Gustav          

1909 

Gustav Stickley (1857-1942) was a designer and follower of the Arts and Crafts movement who...          

furniture, Gustav Stickley 



 

Hughes Electric Range 

            Hughes, George A.          

1910 

The Hughes Electric Heating Company was founded in Chicago by George A. Hughes (1871-1944), the...          

Houseware, Hughes Electric Heating Company 



 

Model T Ford 

            Ford, Henry          

1913 

n 1913, Henry Ford perfected the mass- production process with his re-designed Model T. Inspired...          

Henry Ford, vehicle 



 

Corning Pyrex Bakeware 

            Littleton, Dr. Jesse T.          

1915 

In 1915, Corning Glass introduced the first glass ovenware, made of a new, clear, heat-resistant...          

Bakeware, Corning Pyrex Bakeware, dishware, Glass, Glassware 



 

Hotpoint-HughesElectric Range 

            Hughes, George A.          

1922 

This 1922 Hotpoint range, made by the Edison Electric Company is typical of the period. The...          

Edison Electric Company, Houseware 



 

MT 8 Table Lamp 

            Wagenfeld, Wilhelm and Jucker, Karl Jacob          

1923 

This MT 8 table lamp with a hemispherical glass globe was designed by Bauhaus students Wilhelm...          

Lighting, Wilhelm Wagenfeld 



 

The First Chrysler 

            Motors, Chrysler          

1924 

In 1924 Chrysler became the last successful new car company start-up in the US for over 70 years...          

Chrysler, vehicle, Walter P. Chrysler 



 

Vienna Cafe Chair 

            Thonet, Michael          

1925 

The Vienna Café chair No. 14 is probably the most successful example of Thonet bentwood...          

furniture, Michael Thonet 



 

Waters-Genter Toaster 

            Waters-Genter Company          

1926 

This was the first consumer pop-up toaster, called the Toastmaster. It was introduced in 1926 by...          

Houseware, Waters-Genter Company 



 

G.E. Monitor Top Refrigerator 

            Steenstrup, Christian          

1927 

In 1927, General Electric introduced this "Monitor Top" refrigerator, so-named by the public...          

Christian Steenstrup, General Electric, Houseware 



 

Kamden Writing Table Lamp 

            Bredendieck, Hin          

1928 

This lamp produced by the Leipzig firm of Körting & Matthieson, was designed by Hin...          

Hin Bredendieck, Leipzig firm of Körting & Matthieson, Lighting 



 

Kleinauto Type 32 

            Porsche, Dr. Ferdinand          

1932 

Dr. Ferdinand Porsche (1875-1951) developed this inexpensive rear-engine small car called the...          

Dr. Ferdinand Porsche, NSU Company, vehicle 



 

Briggs Dream Car 

            Tjaarda, John          

1933 

At the Chicago Century of Progress Exhibition (1933-1934), Ford displayed a concept vehicle...          

John Tjaarda, vehicle 



 

Douglas DC-3 

            Kindelberger, James H. (Dutch)          

1935 

The Douglas DC-3, an airliner which carried 21 passengers, was first flown in 1935. It was...          

James H. (Dutch) Kindelberger, Transportation 



 

American Modern 

            Wright, Russell          

1935 

This line of furniture in natural maple was designed by Russell Wright, manufactured by Conant...          

Conant Ball Company, furniture, Russell Wright 



 

Lincoln Zephyr 

            Tjaarda, John and Bonbright, Howard          

1936 

The Lincoln Zephyr, designed by John Tjaarda and Howard Bonbright of the Briggs Manufacturing...          

John Tjaarda, vehicle 



 

Model K KitchenAid 

            Arens, Egmont          

1937 

The Hobart Manufacturing Company introduced a KitchenAid Model "K" stand mixer for $55, designed...          

Egmont Arens, Hobart Manufacturing Company, Houseware 



 

S-1 Locomotive 

            Loewy, Raymond  in collaboration with Cret, Paul Philippe          

1938 

In 1938, the Pennsylvania Railroad introduced the world's largest steam locomotive, the S-1 and...          

Raymond Loewy, Transportation 



 

RCA Television Sets 

            Vassos, John          

1939 

RCA introduced America's first consumer television receiver sets at the New York World's Fair in...          

Electronics, John Vassos, RCA 



 

Willys Jeep 

            The American Bantam Car Company          

1941 

Many know that today's ubiquitous Jeep can trace its design to a famous World War II military...          

The American Bantam Car Company, vehicle 



 

Jens Risom Chair 

            Risom, Jens  for Hans Knoll          

1943 

This chair, of simple wood construction using surplus military webbing, was designed by Jens...          

furniture, Hans Knoll, Jens Risom 



 

Wurlitzer 

            Fuller, Paul          

1946 

In 1946 Wurlitzer introduced its Model 1015 jukebox, designed by industrial designer Paul Fuller...          

Audio, Paul Fuller 



 

Eames Chairs LCW and DCW 

            Eames, Charles          

1947 

These molded plywood chairs with compound curved seats and backs and rubber shock mounts were...          

Charles Eames, furniture, Herman Miller Furniture Company 



 

Eames Fiberglass Chairs 

            Eames, Charles          

1948 

The first successfully mass-produced molded plastic chairs, these were molded in fiberglass...          

Charles Eames, furniture, Herman Miller Furniture Company 



 

Tucker 

            Tucker, Thomas          

1948 

A new US postwar car, the Tucker 48, was introduced by Preston Thomas Tucker (1903-1957), who...          

Preston Thomas Tucker, vehicle 



 

Polaroid Model 95 

            Walter Dorwin Teague Associates          

1948 

The Polaroid "Land Camera", the first to develop its own prints in minutes, went on sale at...          

Camera, Walter Dorwin Teague Associates 



 

Ford 

            Ford, Henry II          

1949 

This was one of the most successful post-war car designs, that Ford Motor Company from decline....          

Ford Motor Company, vehicle 



 

Margrethe Bowls 

            Bernadotte, Sigvard          

1950 

This nesting set of five melamine mixing bowls in various sizes and colors were designed by...          

Houseware, Sigvard Bernadotte 



 

Schick Model “20” electric razor 

            Otto, Carl          

1951 

In 1951, the Industrial Designers Institute (IDI) a predecessor organization to IDSA, initiated...          

Carl Otto, Electronics 



 

The Lamb Handle 

            Lamb, Thomas B.          

1952 

In 1952, this line of cutlery was introduced into its Cutco product line by Alcas, a subsidiary...          

Houseware, Thomas B. Lamb 



 

Flight Bath Scale 

            DeFano, Don          

1952 

In 1952, this Model 1500 Flight bathroom scale was designed by Don DeFano, Richard Latham (see...          

Don DeFano, Health 



 

Studebaker Coupe 

            Bourke, Robert E.          

1953 

This Studebaker Commander Starliner hard-top coupé design was acclaimed by the Museum of Modern...          

Robert E. Bourke, vehicle 



 

Servel Wunderbar 

            Dailey, Donald          

1953 

Servel, Inc., the sole manufacturer of gas absorption refrigerators since 1926, introduced the...          

Donald Dailey, Houseware, Inc., Servel 



 

Sweepmaster, Bissell 

            Balmer, James G.          

1954 

In 1954, the Sweepmaster, designed by James G. Balmer, Jr., IDSA and Frederick W. Hertzler; and...          

Houseware, James G. Balmer, Jr. 



 

Ford Thunderbird 

            Burnett, Bill          

1955 

Ford's Thunderbird, its first sports car, was designed by Bill Burnett, William F. Boyer, and...          

Bill Burnett, vehicle 



 

Karman-Ghia Coupé 

            Ghia, Carrozzeria          

1956 

Volkswagen of America (just established) introduced its Karmann Ghia coupé in the US. An...          

Carrozzeria Ghia, vehicle 



 

Chrysler Look Forward 

            Exner, Virgil          

1957 

A complete new line of Chrysler Corporation cars, including Plymouth, Dodge, DeSoto, Chrysler...          

vehicle, Virgil Exner 



 

The Museum Watch 

            Horwitt, Nathan          

1958 

In 1947, Nathan Horwitt designed a wristwatch with a plain black face without numerals and a...          

Nathan Horwitt, watch 



 

The Secretary 

            Highberger, Samuel M.          

1958 

The Secretary, a copying machine, designed by Samuel M. Highberger, 32, of Harley Earl, Inc. for...          

office, Samuel M. Highberger 



 

Xerox 914 Copier 

            Balmer, James G.          

1959 

The first automatic office copier to make copies on plain paper, the 914, is introduced by...          

James G. Balmer, office, Xerox 



 

Chevrolet Corvair 

            Hill, Ron          

1960 

Chevrolet's new compact car, the Corvair, designed by Ron Hill and GM Styling Staff, entered the...          

Chevrolet, Ron Hill, vehicle 



 

IBM Selectric I Typewriter 

            Noyes, Eliot          

1961 

In 1961 IBM introduced a revolutionary electric typewriter, the Selectric I, which replaced the...          

Eliot Noyes, IBM, office 



 

Studebaker Avanti 

            Loewy, Raymond          

1962 

With the company on its last legs in 1961, new Studebaker president Sherwood H. Egbert called on...          

Raymond Loewy, vehicle 



 

Kodak Instamatic 100 

            Zagara, Frank A.          

1963 

In 1963, Kodak introduced its Instamatic 100 camera designed by Frank A. Zagara of Kodak staff....          

Camera, Frank A. Zagara, Kadak 



 

Model 800 Kodak Carousel 

            Harvey, D.M.          

1964 

Kodak’s carousel projector was a dramatic innovation that established a new typeform for...          

Camera, D.M. Harvey, Kodak 



 

Royal Traveller Attaché Case 

            Samhammer, Claire          

1965 

This elegant Royal Traveller attaché case, designed by Claire Samhammer of Design West, Inc. for...          

Claire Samhammer, luggage 



 

Amana Radarange 

            Raytheon Manufacturing Company          

1967 

Amana Refrigeration, a subsidiary of Raytheon Manufacturing Company, in 1967 introduced this...          

Houseware, Raytheon 



 

Boeing 747 Jumbo Jet 

            Walter Dorwin Teague Associates          

1969 

The Boeing 747 "jumbo-jet" made its first public flight in 1969. It carried 342-490 passengers...          

Transportation, Walter Dorwin Teague Associates 



 

Canon Pocketronic Calculator 

            Haggerty, Pat          

1971 

This collaboration between Canon and Texas Instruments (TI) is the first handheld battery-...          

Computer, Pat Haggerty 



 

Ergon Chair 

            Stumpf, William          

1976 

The Ergon chair, with an innovative gas-cylinder post mount to absorb impact of "heavy" sitters...          

furniture, William Stumpf 



 

The Dustbuster 

            Gantz, Carroll          

1979 

The Dustbuster, the most successful product in Black & Decker history, was introduced in...          

Black & Decker, Carroll Gantz, Houseware 



 

Narrow Aisle Reach Truck 

            Tompkins, David          

1980 

The Crown Rider Reach Series Trucks were designed by David Tompkins, IDSA, Frank Wilgus, Nilo-...          

David Tompkins, vehicle 



 

Motorola DynaTAC 8000x 

            Rudy Krolopp’s design team          

1984 

The world’s first commercial handheld cellular phone, the Motorola DynaTAC 8000x, received...          

Motorola, phone, Rudy Krolopp 



 

Apple IIc Computer 

            Apple Inc.          

1984 

Introduced in April 1984, the IIc was Apple’s first compact model, the first with user-friendly...          

Apple, Computer 



 

Ford Taurus 

            Telnack, Jack          

1986 

The Ford Taurus and its companion, the Mercury Sable, were designed by Jack Telnack, Fritz...          

Ford, Jack Telnack, vehicle 



 

NeXT Computer 

            Jobs, Steve          

1988 

NeXT, Inc. was founded in 1985 by Steve Jobs and a number of former Apple employees, after Jobs...          

Computer, NeXT, Steve Jobs 



 

Good Grips 

            Stowell, Davin          

1989 

OXO International—founded in 1989 by Sam Farber—introduced Good Grips kitchen utensils, with...          

Davin Stowell, Houseware, OXO 



 

Mazda Miata MX5 

            Yamamoto, Kenichi          

1989 

The Mazda Miata was conceived in 1976 by Kenichi Yamamoto, head of R&D at Mazda in Japan,...          

Kenichi Yamamoto, vehicle 



 

Apple PowerBook 

            Brunner, Robert          

1991 

The Apple PowerBook was one of the most revolutionary computers ever made. It changed the way...          

Apple, Computer, Robert Brunner 



 

Aeron Chair 

            Stumpf, Bill          

1994 

The Aeron ergonomic chair was designed by Bill Stumpf, FIDSA (1936-2006), of Stumpf, Weber +...          

Bill Stumpf, furniture, Herman Miller 



 

Personal Harbor Workspace 

            Steelcase Inc          

1995 

This design won a gold in the 1995 IDEA national design awards sponsored by IDSA and Business...          

Steelcase Inc, Workspace 



 

Volkswagen Beetle 

            Mays, J          

1998 

The new Beetle ‘Concept 1’ was unveiled in 1994 by Volkswagen at the North American...          

J Mays, vehicle, Volkswagen 



 

Apple iPod 

            Ive, Jonathon          

2001 

In 2000, digital music players were either big and clunky or small and useless with terrible...          

Apple, Audio, Jonathon Ive 


















 
Link1 | Link2 | Link3Copyright © 2011. All Rights Reserved.








Powered by Drupal and Drupal Theme created with Artisteer.









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.


































 






















Dr. William Burnett, MD | Dallas, TX | Family Doctor























Professionals
doctorsttcqeayetrwczwezdueawsrsbdyr
dentists
podiatrists
chiropractors
optometrists




Facilities
pharmacies
nursing homes
urgent care
hospitals
group practices




Patient Education
care guides
well informed center




corporate
about us
SmartShopper
VitalsChoice
advertise with us
careers





















Find






Location








Menu











            Dr. William Burnett MD


phone number
read reviews






















ADVERTISEMENT


























ADVERTISEMENT




















ADVERTISEMENT













Dr. William Burnett
Is this you?


                                Update your information here.
                            





The Vitals website is provided for your informational use only. Nothing contained or offered by, on or through Vitals should be construed as medical advice or relied upon for medical diagnosis or treatment. Vitals does not recommend or endorse any particular healthcare provider whose information or ratings appear on this website. We encourage you to read our full Terms of Service.








ADVERTISEMENT























Dr. William Burnett MD 







Family Medicine Dallas, TX



read reviews
phone number









summary
patient reviews
locations & directions
insurances
credentials







Patient Reviews
Reviews reflect patients' level of satisfaction with the care they received from this provider. Dr. William Burnett xhas an overall rating of 5.0.







5.0
 








2 patient ratings1 comment





Have you seen Dr. William Burnett before? 



write a review read reviews





About
Dr. William Burnett, MD is a Doctor primarily located in Dallas, TX, with another office in Dallas, TX. He has 41 years of experience. His specialties include Family Medicine.                    Dr. Burnett is affiliated with                            Baylor Scott and White Medical Center White Rock and                            Doctors Hospital.
                 He speaks English.



                            1
                        

Language

                                Find out the languages this doctor/ or staff may speak.
                            
View all






                            1
                        

Education

                                Learn where this doctor attended medical school.
                            
View all









ADVERTISEMENT








Specialties & ExpertiseDr. William Burnett has the following 7 areas of expertise and  1 specialty.                     Family Medicine
    A family practitioner is a doctor who specializes in caring for people of all ages, at all stages of life. Rather than focusing on the treatment of one disease or patient population, family practitioners are often the doctors that people see for their everyday ailments, like cold and flu or respiratory infections, and health screenings. When necessary, family practitioners will provide referrals for conditions that require the expertise of another specialist.


    The doctors may also provide physicals, inoculations, prenatal care, treat chronic diseases, like diabetes and asthma, and provide advice on disease prevention.




                                7
                            

Expertise

                                    See areas of expertise for treating specific conditions, procedures and surgeries for this doctor.
                                
View all









ADVERTISEMENT











Health Guides






Binge Eating Disorder


Get the facts about binge eating disorder, including symptoms, causes and related conditions.

view care guide





more health guides


Birth Control
Type 2 Diabetes
Eating Disorders
Flu
Food Allergy
GERD
Gout
Home Allergies
Chronic Idiopathic Constipation








Locations & Directions











William Bernard Johnson MD
10405 E Northwest Hwy
Dallas, TX 75238

Phone Number
Get Directions














William David Burnett MD
9323 Garland Rd
Dallas, TX 75218

Phone Number
Get Directions







Nearby Doctors Dr. William Burnett, MD is similar to these 3 Doctors near Dallas, TX.






Dr. Warren Worsham 



Dallas, TX


1.0 








7 Years Experience 


View Profile







Dr. Jennifer Aldrich 



Dallas, TX


4.3 








21 Years Experience 


View Profile







Dr. William Walton 



Dallas, TX


4.4 








43 Years Experience 


View Profile












ADVERTISEMENT






















ADVERTISEMENT
















Have you visited Dr. William Burnett
Share your experience










By clicking a star above, I agree to the Terms of Use and verify that I have received treatment from this doctor.



I haven't visited this doctor yet.
Continue






 
Home
>            
Find a Family Doctor
>            
TX
>            
Dallas Family Physicians
>            Dr. William Burnett, MD  






ADVERTISEMENT





















