

Catherine M. Burzik MA: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 12:03 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Incyte Ventures



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Catherine M. Burzik MAOperating Partner, Incyte VenturesAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 8 Board Members in 8 different organizations across 15 different industries.See Board Relationships67--
Background

		Ms. Catherine M. Burzik, also known as Cathy, MA, is an Operating Partner of Incyte Ventures. She is also Founder and Chief Executive Officer of the Catherine and Francis Burzik Foundation. She served as the Chief Executive Officer and President at Kinetic Concepts Inc. since November 6, 2006 until January 2012. She led significant product innovation, expanded the business globally and diversified the business into regenerative medicine through the $1.7 billion acquisition ... of LifeCell. Ms. Burzik served as the Chief Executive Officer and President at Kodak Health Imaging Systems Inc. since 1993, as well as the General Manager and a Vice President of Corporate Marketing. She served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Centaur Guernsey L.P. Inc. (now Acelity L.P. Inc.) from November 2006 to January 2012. She served as the President of Applied Biosystems Ltd. until January 2007 and as the Chief Operating Officer. Ms. Burzik served as a Senior Vice President and President of Applied Biosystems of Celera Corporation from August 2004 to October 2006. She served as the President of Applied Biosystems Group (formerly Applera Corporation) from August 2004 to October 2006. Ms. Burzik served as a Vice President of Applied Biosystems, Inc. from September 2, 2003 to August 2004 and served as Executive Vice President of Applied Biosystems Group from September 2, 2003 to August 2004. She served at Johnson & Johnson, where she ran the Critikon and Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics, Inc. global businesses. Ms. Burzik served as the President of Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics Inc. subsidiary from 1998 to 2003 and the General Manager of the Critikon Inc. business from 1997 to 1998. Ms. Burzik served as a Senior Vice President of Applera Corp. from 2004 to October 2006. From 1991 to 1993, she served as a General Manager, Electronic Imaging Products, Health Science Division of Eastman Kodak. She held various senior executive, operations and marketing positions over 20 years. She served as a Vice President of Corporate Marketing at Eastman Kodak from 1996 to 1997. She served in senior positions with MITRE Corporation. She has served as the Chairman of VitaPath Genetics, Inc., since September 25, 2012. She serves as Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of StemBioSys, Inc. She serves as Chairman of the American College of Wound Healing and Tissue Repair. She has been the Chairman for San Antonio Branch at Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas since February 2011 and has been the Director of the San Antonio Branch since 2009. She served as Vice Chair of the San Antonio Branch of the Dallas Federal Reserve Board. She serves as a Director of Xenex Disinfection Services LLC. Ms. Burzik has been a Director at Kodak Health Imaging Systems Inc. since 1993; and LifeCell Corporation since May 19, 2008. She has been Director of Haemonetics Corporation since October 25, 2016. She serves as Director of several companies including ViroXis Corporation; and the American College of Wound Healing and Tissue Repair. She serves as a Director and the Member of the Board of Trustees of the Keck Graduate Institute of Applied Life Sciences. She has served as a member and chair of the Canisius College board of Trustees. Ms. Burzik has been a Director of Becton, Dickinson and Company since January 2013. She serves on the boards of AdvaMed as well as InHealth Institute for Health Technology Studies. She is the Member of the Board of Directors of the Tobin Centre of Performing Arts. She served as a Director of Innovative Trauma Care Ltd. since November 2013. Ms. Burzik served as an Executive Director of Kinetic Concepts Inc. from November 6, 2006 to November 4, 2011. She served as a Director of Bausch & Lomb Incorporated since February 2007. She served as a Director of Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc., from October 27, 2011 to April 26, 2012 and of Allscripts, LLC since November 1, 2011. She served as an Executive Director of Acelity L.P. Inc. from November 06, 2006 to November 04, 2011. She served on the Board of Directors at Cordis Corporation. She has served on a number of non-profit boards. Ms. Burzik is a seasoned senior executive with over 30 years' experience in the healthcare industry. She has led major medical device, diagnostic, diagnostic imaging and life sciences businesses. She has also attended executive management programs at Penn State, Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management and the Center for Creative Leadership. Ms. Burzik has extensive public and not-for-profit Board experience. She has taken post-graduate courses in Software Engineering and Business Management. Ms. Burzik has an M.A. in Mathematics from the University of Buffalo and a B.A. Degree in Mathematics and Classics from Canisius College. Ms. Burzik received an honorary doctorate degree during undergraduate commencement ceremonies.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
18618 Tuscany Stone DriveSan Antonio, Texas 78258United StatesPhone: 210-558-8896Fax: 210-694-9466
Board Members Memberships
TrusteeKeck Graduate Institute Of Applied Life SciencesDirectorViroXis CorporationChairman of the BoardStemBioSys, Inc.2008-PresentDirectorLifeCell Corporation2013-PresentDirectorBecton, Dickinson and Company2016-PresentDirectorHaemonetics Corporation
Education
MA University at BuffaloBA Canisius College
Other Affiliations
Bausch & Lomb IncorporatedAcelity L.P. Inc.LifeCell CorporationHaemonetics CorporationBecton, Dickinson and CompanyCordis CorporationCelera CorporationApplied Biosystems, Inc.Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics, Inc.Applera Corp., Prior to Spin-off of Celera CorporationUniversity at BuffaloFederal Reserve Bank Of DallasCanisius CollegeAmbion, Inc.Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc.Applied Biosystems Ltd.Keck Graduate Institute Of Applied Life SciencesAllscripts, LLCVitaPath Genetics, Inc.ViroXis CorporationStemBioSys, Inc.Innovative Trauma Care Ltd.Targeted Technology Fund II, LP


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Incyte Ventures, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































Catherine Burzik - Department of Mathematics  - University at Buffalo





 









Skip to Content









College of Arts and Sciences


UB Home
Maps
UB Directory







Department of Mathematics





Apply


Contact Us


Support UB Math






Loading menu...
















        
        Catherine Burzik
    



        
        Math major adds up to health care leadership
    





Catherine (Cathy) Burzik 



“I just decided after we went through that ($6.1 billion) buyout that I really wanted to go out and try some other things, and that's what I'm doing.”

                Cathy Burzik
UB Mathematics




Related Links








UB Alumni Profile on Cathy Burzik







UB Alumni Home Page 







Catherine M. & Francis N. Burzik Education Foundation


















Education has always been paramount to Catherine Burzik. Growing
up in Jamestown and Depew, N.Y., as the daughter of a grocer, her
parents emphasized the importance of learning. Burzik became
valedictorian of her high school class, and went on to become a
first-generation college graduate.
Burzik's career was launched as she was pursuing her
master’s degree at UB, commuting between the makeshift Ridge
Lea campus in Amherst (the math department was housed in
trailer-like classrooms at the time) and the main campus in
Buffalo, where she taught classes as a grad student.
Eastman Kodak came to campus to recruit and Burzik was chosen.
“Everything I learned about software I learned on the
job,” she recalls. This was the beginning of a formidable
career in the health care industry, which included building a
worldwide digital diagnostic imaging franchise. Burzik was later
recruited by Johnson & Johnson to revive its franchise in vital
signs monitors in hospitals. She helped stabilize the division and
then went on to oversee J&J's clinical laboratory and
transfusion medicine markets.
Her scientific insight and business acumen established
Burzik’s leadership in life sciences. She served as
president, chief executive officer and director of Kinetic
Concepts, a leading medical device company specializing in the
fields of wound care and regenerative medicine. KCI was taken
private by London-based private equity firm, Apax Partners, for
$6.1B (9 X EBIDTA). During her tenure KCI’s stock price
doubled. Burzik led significant product innovation and global
expansion as well as diversification into regenerative medicine
through the $1.7B acquisition of LifeCell.
Now she is a general partner at a young venture capital firm
focused on medical device, life sciences and biotech investments in
San Antonio, Texas, where she and her husband, Frank, reside. The
couple met when Frank asked her to his high school prom.
Together—her husband is also a first-generation college
graduate—they have established the Catherine M.
& Francis N. Burzik Education Foundation, dedicated
to benefiting higher education and the performing arts. Burzik
states, "I just decided after we went through that buyout that I
really wanted to go out and try some other things, and that's what
I'm doing."
Burzik's fond memories of the relationships and education at UB
have stayed with her through the years. She visits Buffalo
regularly to see family and she is impressed at how far UB has come
in life sciences, and the burgeoning medical campus downtown.
That prom date, incidentally, proved to be the couple’s
first dance in what would spark, some four decades later, an avid
interest in competitive ballroom dancing. They have even built a
professional-size ballroom in their home to practice. Burzik sums
up the boardroom-to-ballroom experience with apt comparison.
“The lessons of ballroom dancing apply to real life and work.
You’re absolutely in lock-step with your partner. You have to
know and maintain a positive connection.”
Five Questions for Catherine:

Fondest memory of UB?
All the friendships that I made.

Favorite UB class?
Algebraic topology.
Best piece of advice you’ve ever received?
To take control of your own life.
First job?
Working during the summer of my junior year in high school as a
secretary at the Moose Club in Lancaster, N.Y.
Desired legacy?
It has been fulfilling to have contributed to the development of
medical products that change people’s lives.
 

 ~This article is derived from the UB Almumni profile on Catherine
Burzik.





        
        Executive Summary: Catherine (Cathy) M. Burzik 
    

Executive Summary: Catherine (Cathy) M. Burzik is
president and CEO of CFB Interests, LLC and former president and
CEO of Kinetic Concepts Inc. Previously, she served as president of
Applied Biosystems and also held senior positions at Eastman Kodak
and Johnson & Johnson. She also served on the boards of Bausch
& Lomb and Cordis Corp., prior to its acquisition by Johnson
& Johnson. Cathy was appointed to the San Antonio Branch Board
by the Federal Reserve Board of Governors in 2010, and elected as
chair of the San Antonio branch of the Federal Reserve Bank of
Dallas in 2015.
She is chair of the board of trustees for Canisius
College, and was elected 2003 Humanitarian of the Year by the
Martin House in Trenton, N.J. Burzik also serves on the boards of
AdvaMed and InHealth Institute for Technology Studies. She is the
founder, and currently serves as President and Director of the Catherine
& Francis Burzik Foundation.

She holds a bachelor's degree in mathematics from
Canisius, a master's in mathematics from the University of Buffalo
and has graduated from executive management programs at Penn State
University, Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management
and the Center for Creative Leadership.
Burzik
profiled in New York Times: Ballrooms and
Boardrooms
Burzik
profiled by Bloomberg Business
Burzik
profiled by My
San Antonio





        
        BALLROOMS AND BOARDROOMS
    

For the convenience of our students, alumni, and friends we
are featuring the insightful article, Ballrooms and Boardrooms, as
told by Cathy Burzik to Abby Ellin. This article was first
published in the New York Tmes. A version of this article
appeared in print on August 7, 2011, on page BU7 of the New York
edition with the headline: Ballrooms and Boardrooms.
AUG. 6, 2011

MY father fought in World War II in the First Cavalry Division of
the Army and achieved the level of staff sergeant. Later, he
started a grocery store in Jamestown, N.Y. My mother was a cashier
in the store; they married and had my sister and me. I am the only
person in my family who has gone on to college.
My parents always dreamed that I would be a teacher, and so did
I. From very early on, I did well in school; I was the
valedictorian of my high school class, vice president of the
student body, president of the math club and editor of the school
paper.
I majored in math and classical languages at Canisius College in
Buffalo. I received my master’s degree and started working
toward my Ph.D. at the University of Buffalo. But then Kodak came
in and started interviewing. I was hired as a software engineer,
doing programming, and left graduate school. Within three years, I
was promoted to supervisor and then advanced to senior levels of
management.
Along the way, I became involved in educating people about
leadership. Early on, I tried to understand what it takes to get
people to follow you. How do you create a vision, and how do you
inspire an organization? I learned how to motivate a diverse team
of people and how to encourage it to go after a mission.
You don’t learn those skills in college. I think you learn
by doing and you learn by having some great role models. I have
been fortunate to have people who helped me build those skills.
I’m close friends with my first boss at Kodak, John
Gallenberger, along with my last boss there 20 years later, Carl
Kohrt, who now serves on the board of my company, Kinetic
Concepts.
I made a decision in 1988 that I wanted to put technology to use
in health care; I wanted to do something that helps patients. I was
recruited to Johnson & Johnson in the late 1990s and ran two of
its businesses — first in Tampa, Fla., then in Raritan,
N.J.
Johnson & Johnson is smack in the middle of health care,
which is exactly what I wanted to do. It’s the same at KCI,
where I’ve been the chief executive for about five years. We
provide, among other things, regenerative medicine products and
high-end wound healing products that use a technology called
negative pressure wound therapy to remove infection, thus speeding
the healing process.
I’ve been married to Frank Burzik, my high school
sweetheart, for 40 years. We met while roller-skating when I was
about 13. We have always liked to dance socially; we used to go to
the Rainbow Room in Manhattan. We now go ballroom dancing together.
In fact, we just built a house with a ballroom in it.
Ballroom dancing can teach you a lot about both life and
business. You can dance well only if you’re connected; you
learn the power of the partnership. I have to be so unbelievably
connected, myself as the follower and my partner as leader. I have
to intuit in fractions of seconds how to respond to a lead. So you
learn to read a person’s mind.
I talk to my people at work about ballroom dance, about how to
be connected, and to be aware of musicality. In a business sense,
this means learning a three-dimensional presentation of yourself
that allows you to understand how to harmonize with others in the
organization, as well as with customers and patients. It gives you
the insight and intuition to anticipate and take initiative
quickly, and then to follow through in an informed way.
Once or twice a year, I invite my leadership committee members
and their spouses over to my house and we dance. And they’ve
turned out to like it. A few are even taking ballroom dance lessons
now. I like to think it’s my influence.
—As told to Abby Ellin.

























Catherine M. Burzik Joins Haemonetics Board of Directors - MarketWatch

















































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets




















press release


					Oct. 27, 2016, 5:02 p.m. EDT
				
Catherine M. Burzik Joins Haemonetics Board of Directors
























BRAINTREE, Mass., Oct. 27, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Haemonetics Corporation                 

/quotes/zigman/228671/composite HAE
-1.51%


 announced the election of Catherine M. Burzik, a highly respected and accomplished senior executive in the healthcare industry, to its Board of Directors. Ms. Burzik successfully led major medical device, diagnostic, diagnostic imaging and life sciences businesses.


                                        








Richard J. Meelia, Chairman of Haemonetics' Board of Directors commented, "Cathy Burzik brings extensive experience as a superb operator and a highly effective value creator in the healthcare industry. She has demonstrated the ability to apply innovative and strategic direction, leading to the creation of significant shareholder value. We welcome her and look forward to her contribution to our Company's success."


                                        








"Haemonetics' products and services address the key focal points of the health care industry – providing the best possible clinical outcomes  for clinicians and their patients, while managing cost structures." said Ms. Burzik. "I look forward to joining the Board of Directors and serving the Company's shareholders."


                                        








Until the sale of the company in 2012, she served as President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of Kinetic Concepts, Inc., a medical device company specializing in wound care and regenerative medicine. Her prior positions include President of Applied Biosystems Group, a pioneer DNA sequencing company, President of Ortho Clinical Diagnostics and Critikon divisions of Johnson & Johnson and senior positions with  MITRE Corporation and Eastman Kodak Company.


                                        








Ms. Burzik currently serves on the Boards of Directors of Becton Dickinson & Company and Xenex Disinfection Services LLC, , and is non-executive chairman of the Board of Directors of StemBioSys, Inc. She previously served on the Boards of Directors of Allscripts, Bausch and Lomb, Cordis Corporation, the San Antonio Branch of the Dallas Federal Reserve Board, Innovative Trauma Care Ltd., Kinetic Concepts, Inc., and VitaPath Genetics, Inc.


                                        








Ms. Burzik is currently a general partner with Targeted Technology Fund II, a fund within Targeted Technologies LLC, an early stage venture capital firm focused on medical device, life sciences and biotech investments. She is also Founder and CEO of the Catherine and Francis Burzik Foundation and has served on a number of non-profit boards. Her education includes a Bachelor's in Mathematics from Canisius College and a Master's in Mathematics from the University of Buffalo.


                                        








ABOUT HAEMONETICS


                                        








Haemonetics                 

/quotes/zigman/228671/composite HAE
-1.51%


 is a global healthcare company dedicated to providing a suite of innovative hematology products and solutions for our customers, to help them improve patient care and reduce the cost of healthcare. Our technology addresses important medical markets: blood and plasma component collection, the surgical suite, and hospital transfusion services. To learn more about Haemonetics, visit         http://www.haemonetics.com
.            


                                        

Investor Contact
Gerry Gould, VP-Investor Relations        
(781) 356-9402        
gerry.gould@haemonetics.com


Media Contact
Sandra Jesse, Executive VP        
(781) 356-9253                                                                                                                 sandra.jesse@haemonetics.com









Logo -         http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160405/351568LOGO









To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:        http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/catherine-m-burzik-joins-haemonetics-board-of-directors-300351494.html









SOURCE  Haemonetics Corporation


                                        








Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved
                    



/quotes/zigman/228671/composite 





 Add to watchlist
                    
HAE




Haemonetics Corp.


                US
                
                    : U.S.: NYSE
                
            




$
39.79



-0.61
-1.51%




Volume: 192,593
July 21, 2017 4:02p






P/E RatioN/A
Dividend YieldN/A




Market Cap$2.09 billion
Rev. per Employee$285,200





 









 





/quotes/zigman/228671/composite 





 Add to watchlist
                    
HAE




Haemonetics Corp.


                US
                
                    : U.S.: NYSE
                
            




$
39.79



-0.61
-1.51%




Volume: 192,593
July 21, 2017 4:02p






P/E RatioN/A
Dividend YieldN/A




Market Cap$2.09 billion
Rev. per Employee$285,200





 









 










































Most Popular





1.






O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family






2.





Market Snapshot

Stocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms 






3.





Earnings Outlook

Alphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors






4.





MarketWatch First Take

Microsoft rides huge tax benefit from failing at smartphones to big earnings beat 






5.






Trump Country Believes Trump Fights for Them








Find a Broker

Partner Center »























Featured Stories





Seeing America again through new eyes







How to dig yourself out of debt







Move over, Tesla? Karma unveils its hybrid sports car







The salary you need to afford a home in these 25 cities







Why OPEC will never cut production again













Log In




12:03 AM EDT
July 24, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
11:22p‘Game of Thrones’: The four biggest takeaways from 'Stormborn’
11:09pWhy you’re more likely to die in an accident during the summer months
11:09pThese wealthy parents spend $20,000 for summer camps so their kids can be ‘normal’
11:07p5 totally avoidable reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
11:06pHow Elon Musk and shorter commutes could transform people’s lives
11:05pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
11:04pThe dark side of cruises
5:37pAt least 9 dead after overheated tractor-trailer found outside Texas Walmart
5:01p‘Full transparency’ doesn’t mean what Scaramucci apparently thinks it means
5:00pStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms
4:53pIf you suddenly quit your job like Sean Spicer, here’s what you should do next
4:52pNever (ever) say these things to a co-worker
4:51pMy uncle with dementia needs long-term care — should I refinance his house?
4:49pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
4:45pWhy house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring
4:45pNearly 40% of adults don’t have life insurance — these startups are trying to change that
4:44pMarie Kondo says this one thing could be holding you back from falling in love
4:44pThis luxury credit card is only for truly big spenders
4:43pBanks have raised credit-card interest rates — but not savings account rates
12:13aHeavy showers swamp New Orleans street with rainwater
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
















































































 



 Catherine M. Burzik Joins Haemonetics Board of Directors 
         










    










 













 











 



















Catherine M. Burzik Joins Haemonetics Board of Directors
        																																																								
              
















 News provided by
Haemonetics Corporation  
Oct 27, 2016, 17:02 ET









 Share this article




























































BRAINTREE, Mass., Oct. 27, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Haemonetics Corporation (NYSE:   HAE) announced the election of Catherine M. Burzik, a highly respected and accomplished senior executive in the healthcare industry, to its Board of Directors. Ms. Burzik successfully led major medical device, diagnostic, diagnostic imaging and life sciences businesses. 








Richard J. Meelia, Chairman of Haemonetics' Board of Directors commented, "Cathy Burzik brings extensive experience as a superb operator and a highly effective value creator in the healthcare industry. She has demonstrated the ability to apply innovative and strategic direction, leading to the creation of significant shareholder value. We welcome her and look forward to her contribution to our Company's success."
"Haemonetics' products and services address the key focal points of the health care industry – providing the best possible clinical outcomes  for clinicians and their patients, while managing cost structures." said Ms. Burzik. "I look forward to joining the Board of Directors and serving the Company's shareholders." 
Until the sale of the company in 2012, she served as President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of Kinetic Concepts, Inc., a medical device company specializing in wound care and regenerative medicine. Her prior positions include President of Applied Biosystems Group, a pioneer DNA sequencing company, President of Ortho Clinical Diagnostics and Critikon divisions of Johnson & Johnson and senior positions with  MITRE Corporation and Eastman Kodak Company.
Ms. Burzik currently serves on the Boards of Directors of Becton Dickinson & Company and Xenex Disinfection Services LLC, , and is non-executive chairman of the Board of Directors of StemBioSys, Inc. She previously served on the Boards of Directors of Allscripts, Bausch and Lomb, Cordis Corporation, the San Antonio Branch of the Dallas Federal Reserve Board, Innovative Trauma Care Ltd., Kinetic Concepts, Inc., and VitaPath Genetics, Inc. 
Ms. Burzik is currently a general partner with Targeted Technology Fund II, a fund within Targeted Technologies LLC, an early stage venture capital firm focused on medical device, life sciences and biotech investments. She is also Founder and CEO of the Catherine and Francis Burzik Foundation and has served on a number of non-profit boards. Her education includes a Bachelor's in Mathematics from Canisius College and a Master's in Mathematics from the University of Buffalo.
ABOUT HAEMONETICS
Haemonetics (NYSE:    HAE) is a global healthcare company dedicated to providing a suite of innovative hematology products and solutions for our customers, to help them improve patient care and reduce the cost of healthcare. Our technology addresses important medical markets: blood and plasma component collection, the surgical suite, and hospital transfusion services. To learn more about Haemonetics, visit http://www.haemonetics.com.             
Investor ContactGerry Gould, VP-Investor Relations(781) 356-9402gerry.gould@haemonetics.com 
Media ContactSandra Jesse, Executive VP(781) 356-9253                                                                                                         sandra.jesse@haemonetics.com
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160405/351568LOGO
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/catherine-m-burzik-joins-haemonetics-board-of-directors-300351494.html
SOURCE Haemonetics Corporation
 Related Links

http://www.haemonetics.com



 

















Nov 07, 2016, 06:00 ET
Preview: Haemonetics 2nd Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Release Available on Investor Relations Website















Oct 13, 2016, 17:00 ET
Preview: Haemonetics Sets Date for 2nd Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Release: November 7, 2016






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











Jul 18, 2017, 08:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Haemonetics Sets Date for Publishing 1st Quarter Fiscal 2018...








 











Jun 22, 2017, 16:58 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Haemonetics Announces Formation of Scientific Advisory Council





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Computer Software
  Health Care & Hospitals
Personnel Announcements








 You just read:
Catherine M. Burzik Joins Haemonetics Board of Directors


 News provided by
Haemonetics Corporation  
Oct 27, 2016, 17:02 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 











Page not found - TheStreet

















 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street




































 
















Page not found

        Sorry, the page you're looking for is not available.
    
    You might want to try:
    

Our homepage


Our most popular stories






























 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 












Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 574000390112102475-396354159231500922







 - News & Events - Catherine M. Burzik Elected as BD Director














































BD



ABOUT BD
PRODUCTS


Injection
Infusion
Anesthesia 
Diabetes Care
Pharmaceutical Drug
Delivery Systems

Disposal


Microbiology Solutions
Molecular Diagnostics
Women's Health
& Cancer
Industrial Microbiology 
Laboratory Automation
Diagnostic Systems
Technical Service & Support
Sample Collection


Research Systems
Clinical Systems
 
Product Catalog
 
CareFusion




CAREERS
INVESTORS
NEWS








      	
			  Locations
        













NORTH AMERICA

Canada (En)
Canada (Fr)
Mexico
United States


SOUTH AMERICA

Argentina
Brazil
Chile
Colombia




EUROPE

Belgium (Fr)
Belgium (Nl)
Denmark
Europe
Finland
France
Germany
Hungary (En)
Hungary (Mag)
Ireland


Italy
Netherlands
Poland
Russia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Turkey
United Kingdom
 


MIDDLE EAST/AFRICA

MEA


South Africa




ASIA/PACIFIC

Australia
China
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Japan
Korea
Malaysia
New Zealand
Philippines
Singapore
Taiwan
Thailand
Vietnam
All other countries













BD Worldwide > News & Media



NEWS & MEDIA


News Releases
Product Announcements
Follow Us
Media Contacts
Subscribe
Awards




News & Events




Catherine M. Burzik Elected as BD Director






		Contact: Colleen T. WhiteCorporate Communications
		(201) 847-5369Email: colleen_white@bd.com


		Monique N. 
		Dolecki
		Investor Relations
		(201) 847-5378Email: monique_dolecki@bd.com




Franklin Lakes, NJ (January 29, 2013) – BD (Becton, Dickinson and Company) (NYSE:BDX), a leading global medical technology company, announced that Catherine M. Burzik has been elected to its Board of Directors.

	Ms. Burzik, 62, is a seasoned healthcare executive with leadership experience in medical device, diagnostic, diagnostic imaging and life sciences businesses. Most recently, from 2006 until the sale of the company in 2012, she served as President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of Kinetic Concepts, Inc., a medical device company specializing in woundcare and regenerative medicine. Her prior positions include service as President of Applied Biosystems, a leading DNA sequencing company, as well as senior positions at Eastman Kodak and Johnson & Johnson.

	“I am pleased and honored to welcome Catherine Burzik to the BD Board,” said Vincent A. Forlenza, BD Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President. “Cathy has a strong and diversified background in several key sectors of the healthcare industry, as well as extensive knowledge of the global healthcare arena.  I know that she will make important strategic contributions to the Board as we evaluate the many opportunities BD has to continue innovating to improve healthcare around the world.”

	Ms. Burzik currently serves as Chair of the Board of Directors of VitaPath Genetics, Inc. and is a member of the San Antonio Branch of the Dallas Federal Reserve Board. She also serves as Chair, Canisius College Board of Trustees and is a member of the Board of Directors of ViroXis Corporation and the Board of Trustees of Keck Graduate School of Applied Life Sciences.

	Ms. Burzik received a bachelor’s degree in Mathematics from Canisius College and a masters’ degree in Mathematics from the University of Buffalo.

About BD

BD is a leading global medical technology company that develops, manufactures and sells medical devices, instrument systems and reagents. The Company is dedicated to improving people's health throughout the world.  BD is focused on improving drug delivery, enhancing the quality and speed of diagnosing infectious diseases and cancers, and advancing research, discovery and production of new drugs and vaccines. BD's capabilities are instrumental in combating many of the world's most pressing diseases. Founded in 1897 and headquartered in Franklin Lakes, New Jersey, BD employs nearly 30,000 associates in more than 50 countries throughout the world. The Company serves healthcare institutions, life science researchers, clinical laboratories, the pharmaceutical industry and the general public. For more information, please visit www.bd.com.
 









 








Catherine M. Burzik Joins Haemonetics Board of DirectorsHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets open in 9 hrs 27 minsS&P 5002,472.54-0.91 (-0.04%)Dow 3021,580.07-31.71 (-0.15%)Nasdaq6,387.75-2.25 (-0.04%)Catherine M. Burzik Joins Haemonetics Board of DirectorsPR NewswireOctober 27, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareBRAINTREE, Mass., Oct. 27, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Haemonetics Corporation (HAE) announced the election of Catherine M. Burzik, a highly respected and accomplished senior executive in the healthcare industry, to its Board of Directors. Ms. Burzik successfully led major medical device, diagnostic, diagnostic imaging and life sciences businesses.HAE logo April 2016.MoreRichard J. Meelia, Chairman of Haemonetics' Board of Directors commented, "Cathy Burzik brings extensive experience as a superb operator and a highly effective value creator in the healthcare industry. She has demonstrated the ability to apply innovative and strategic direction, leading to the creation of significant shareholder value. We welcome her and look forward to her contribution to our Company's success.""Haemonetics' products and services address the key focal points of the health care industry – providing the best possible clinical outcomes  for clinicians and their patients, while managing cost structures." said Ms. Burzik. "I look forward to joining the Board of Directors and serving the Company's shareholders."Until the sale of the company in 2012, she served as President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of Kinetic Concepts, Inc., a medical device company specializing in wound care and regenerative medicine. Her prior positions include President of Applied Biosystems Group, a pioneer DNA sequencing company, President of Ortho Clinical Diagnostics and Critikon divisions of Johnson & Johnson and senior positions with  MITRE Corporation and Eastman Kodak Company.Ms. Burzik currently serves on the Boards of Directors of Becton Dickinson & Company and Xenex Disinfection Services LLC, , and is non-executive chairman of the Board of Directors of StemBioSys, Inc. She previously served on the Boards of Directors of Allscripts, Bausch and Lomb, Cordis Corporation, the San Antonio Branch of the Dallas Federal Reserve Board, Innovative Trauma Care Ltd., Kinetic Concepts, Inc., and VitaPath Genetics, Inc.Ms. Burzik is currently a general partner with Targeted Technology Fund II, a fund within Targeted Technologies LLC, an early stage venture capital firm focused on medical device, life sciences and biotech investments. She is also Founder and CEO of the Catherine and Francis Burzik Foundation and has served on a number of non-profit boards. Her education includes a Bachelor's in Mathematics from Canisius College and a Master's in Mathematics from the University of Buffalo.ABOUT HAEMONETICSHaemonetics (HAE) is a global healthcare company dedicated to providing a suite of innovative hematology products and solutions for our customers, to help them improve patient care and reduce the cost of healthcare. Our technology addresses important medical markets: blood and plasma component collection, the surgical suite, and hospital transfusion services. To learn more about Haemonetics, visit http://www.haemonetics.com.            Investor ContactGerry Gould, VP-Investor Relations (781) 356-9402 gerry.gould@haemonetics.comMedia ContactSandra Jesse, Executive VP (781) 356-9253                                                                                                         sandra.jesse@haemonetics.comRead MoreLogo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160405/351568LOGOTo view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/catherine-m-burzik-joins-haemonetics-board-of-directors-300351494.htmlReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextHow 2 life-threatening events changed how Aetna's CEO views health careYahoo FinanceA 'big fall' in markets is coming as traders put record cash to workBusiness InsiderWhy sparkling water sales could spike by 20% in 2017Yahoo FinanceAetna CEO Bertolini: How tech plays into the future of healthcareYahoo Finance VideoAetna's CEO Mark Bertolini on the future of the health care systemYahoo FinanceBillionaire investor Chris Sacca told an amazing story about how obsessed Kobe Bryant is with being a successful investor in the startup worldBusiness InsiderJeb Bush calls out Republicans who criticized Obama over Russia, but have been silent on the Trump-Russia probeBusiness InsiderAmazon Is Going Underwater. Seriously.FortuneAetna CEO Bertolini: Why he pays his employees to sleepYahoo Finance VideoWhy it might be ‘dangerous’ for IBM to turn itself around: professorYahoo FinanceSupreme Court ruling leads to offensive trademark requestsReutersHow to save money when you're youngYahoo FinanceScaramucci quotes anonymous source on Russian hacking, then admits Trump was the sourceBusiness InsiderAetna CEO Bertolini: How his own accident and son’s cancer changed his journeyYahoo Finance VideoCall of the week: Now's the time to 'buy' ChipotleYahoo FinanceAnyone getting a PlayStation 4 needs to know one crucial thingBusiness InsiderWhite House indicates Trump would sign new sanctions billTrident: President Trump can't be trusted to run US-Russia policy. Hence, this bipartisan bill. Interesting, in his first six months, Trump has zero major legislative victories and, before too long, a veto override. It will be interesting to hear how Trump spins this one.Join the Conversation1 / 5505










	Catherine M Burzik Joins Haemonetics Board Of Directors













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






Catherine M. Burzik Joins Haemonetics (HAE) Board Of Directors  











Tweet








10/28/2016 7:31:43 AM




  Life Sciences Jobs
 


  &bullet; Newest Jobs - Last 24 Hours


  &bullet; California Jobs


  &bullet; Massachusetts Jobs


  &bullet; New Jersey Jobs


  &bullet; Maryland Jobs


  &bullet; Washington Jobs


  View More Jobs


BRAINTREE, Mass., Oct. 27, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Haemonetics Corporation (NYSE:HAE) announced the election of Catherine M. Burzik, a highly respected and accomplished senior executive in the healthcare industry, to its Board of Directors. Ms. Burzik successfully led major medical device, diagnostic, diagnostic imaging and life sciences businesses. Richard J. Meelia, Chairman of Haemonetics' Board of Directors commented, "Cathy Burzik brings extensive experience as a superb operator and a highly effective value creator in the healthcare industry. She has demonstrated the ability to apply innovative and strategic direction, leading to the creation of significant shareholder value. We welcome her and look forward to her contribution to our Company's success.""Haemonetics' products and services address the key focal points of the health care industry  providing the best possible clinical outcomes  for clinicians and their patients, while managing cost structures." said Ms. Burzik. "I look forward to joining the Board of Directors and serving the Company's shareholders." Until the sale of the company in 2012, she served as President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of Kinetic Concepts, Inc., a medical device company specializing in wound care and regenerative medicine. Her prior positions include President of Applied Biosystems Group, a pioneer DNA sequencing company, President of Ortho Clinical Diagnostics and Critikon divisions of Johnson & Johnson and senior positions with  MITRE Corporation and Eastman Kodak Company.Ms. Burzik currently serves on the Boards of Directors of Becton Dickinson & Company and Xenex Disinfection Services LLC, , and is non-executive chairman of the Board of Directors of StemBioSys, Inc. She previously served on the Boards of Directors of Allscripts, Bausch and Lomb, Cordis Corporation, the San Antonio Branch of the Dallas Federal Reserve Board, Innovative Trauma Care Ltd., Kinetic Concepts, Inc., and VitaPath Genetics, Inc. Ms. Burzik is currently a general partner with Targeted Technology Fund II, a fund within Targeted Technologies LLC, an early stage venture capital firm focused on medical device, life sciences and biotech investments. She is also Founder and CEO of the Catherine and Francis Burzik Foundation and has served on a number of non-profit boards. Her education includes a Bachelor's in Mathematics from Canisius College and a Master's in Mathematics from the University of Buffalo.ABOUT HAEMONETICSHaemonetics (NYSE: HAE) is a global healthcare company dedicated to providing a suite of innovative hematology products and solutions for our customers, to help them improve patient care and reduce the cost of healthcare. Our technology addresses important medical markets: blood and plasma component collection, the surgical suite, and hospital transfusion services. To learn more about Haemonetics, visit http://www.haemonetics.com.             Investor ContactGerry Gould, VP-Investor Relations(781) 356-9402gerry.gould@haemonetics.comMedia ContactSandra Jesse, Executive VP(781) 356-9253                                                                                                         sandra.jesse@haemonetics.comLogo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160405/351568LOGOTo view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/catherine-m-burzik-joins-haemonetics-board-of-directors-300351494.htmlSOURCE  Haemonetics Corporation






                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
Haemonetics (HAE) Sets Date For 3rd Quarter Fiscal 2016 Earnings Release: February 1, 2016  Theranos Blew It. But It Didn’t Ruin Biotech Startups for Everyone  Haemonetics (HAE) Invests $20 Million for Expansion and Creates 40 New Jobs  Pharma Bro Martin Shkreli Lunches With the Financial Times, Remains Unapologetic  Haemonetics (HAE) Pre-Announces 2nd Quarter Results, Revises Fiscal Year 2016 Guidance And Sets Date For 2nd Quarter Earnings Release: November 4, 2015  PETA Calls On Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) To End Sales Training Demonstration Involving Pigs  Haemonetics (HAE) To Present At The Jefferies and Co. 2015 Global Healthcare Conference  The Differences Between Drug And Medical Device Clinical Trials  Haemonetics Corporation (HAE) Reports 1st Quarter Fiscal 2016 Revenue Of $213 Million And Adjusted EPS Of $0.35, Reaffirms Full Fiscal Year Guidance  The Top 11 VC-Funded Biotechs in Massachusetts  




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            Haemonetics Corporation




             
        





                            •
                            Biotech/Pharma - Personnel



                            •
                            Medical Devices



                            •
                            Medical Dev. & Diag. - Personnel




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 































Catherine M. Burzik








 







































 








Your browser is blocking javascript. This might limit your experience on this website

 








SUBSCRIBE
FREE NEWSLETTER


Breaking News on Global Pharmaceutical Technology & Manufacturing






 






Ingredients
Drug Delivery
Processing
Regulatory & Safety







Headlines




Ingredients
Drug Delivery
Processing
Regulatory & Safety
Video
Audio
Gallery
Internet Live Events










Site Archive
July 2017
June 2017
Previous months







Hot topics




Bioavailability Challenge 
Globalisation
Lifecycle management
Mergers and acquisitions













Resource Library




APIs (active pharmaceutical ingredients)
Delivery formulations
Delivery technologies
Excipients, raw materials and intermediates
Packaging machinery & supplies


Processing equipment
QA/QC
Regulations
Tabletting, coating & ancillary equipment





Resources
All Products
Supplier Webinars
Videos & Audio
Technical Papers
Product Brochures
Suppliers







Events




All events
Shows & Conferences


Other industry events








On the road




CPhI Worldwide Paris 2014
AAPS 2014 San Diego
TechnoPharm / POWTECH 2014 Nuremberg, Germany
Interphex 2014
AAPS 2013 in San Antonio
CPhI 2013 in Frankfurt
Interphex 2013 in New York
AAPS 2012 in Chicago
CPhI 2012 in Madrid
Achema 2012 in Frankfurt
Interphex 2012 in New York
Interphex 2011 in New York
AAPS 2010 in New Orleans













Related sites




Outsourcing-Pharma.comContract Research, Manufacturing & Clinical Trials  BioPharma-Reporter.comBiopharmaceutical Development & Manufacturing 




















 







Headlines > Regulatory & Safety









Read more breaking news


 



 

 

Text size
Print
Forward


















Subscribe to our FREE newsletter
SUBSCRIBE






Catherine M. Burzik



 
 
 




Medical technology company BD has announced the election of Catherine M. Burzik to its Board of Directors.Prior to BD, Burzik was CEO at Kinetic Concepts and has previously held senior positions at Applied Biosystems, Eastman Kodak and Johnson & Johnson.CEO of BD, Vincent A. Forlenza said: "Cathy has a strong and diversified background in several key sectors of the healthcare industry, as well as extensive knowledge of the global healthcare arena.  I know that she will make important strategic contributions to the Board as we evaluate the many opportunities BD has to continue innovating to improve healthcare around the world."







Christine White 





Dr. Bassam Damaj 





Edward C. Albini 





Randy Thurman 





Catherine M. Burzik 





Other Appointments 







1
 |  2
 |  3
 |  4
 |  5
 |  6






























All Gallery







 Pharma executives make a move: recent appointments  
Ocugen welcomes ex-Pfizer Daniel Jorgensen, the IGBMA’s Biosimilars Committee gets a new chair and drug development consultants...




 Moving up in the world: recent pharma appointments
The US FDA welcomes Scott Gottlieb to the helm, Actinium appoints adult leukaemia expert Richard Stone, and...




 Hiring and Firing Feb '17
in-PharmaTechnologist presents this month's roundup of who is moving where in the Pharma industry.




 Hiring and Firing Jan '17
Welcome to in-PharmaTechnologist's monthly round up of who's been moving where in the small-molecule manufacturing world. The...




 Drug development in space: how microgravity enables pharma
Eli Lilly is conducting several experiments on the International Space Station (ISS) US National Laboratory over the...








  







Most Popular News



1Merck unveils EU plant cuts and consolidation plan citing Sigma's US strategy2Mylan's EU biosimilar ambition hit by GMP issues at Biocon plant3Vaccine booster for France, big pharma prepared4US FDA warns Vista Pharmaceuticals about Telangana plant 5Concerns raised about Italy and Greece as backdoors into the FMD protected meds markets


  







Key Industry Events







 

Access all events listing
Our events, Shows & Conferences...













Products





 

Influence of Different Lubricants on Tableting Characteristics and Dissolution Behavior
JRS Pharma
 


The Solid Dose, Latest News from Colorcon
Colorcon Inc. 
 


Increase tablet production with multi-tip tools
I Holland Limited 
 

View All Products










Today's Headlines






 GSK says UK manufacturing cuts not Brexit related
 
 The serialisation stragglers: industry concern for complacency 
 
 WHO prequalifies Mylan's India unit to supply TB drug API 
 
 EU to probe if drug firms' pre-submission meetings sway EMA approval decisions
 
 US FDA reaffirms hold on oral Proellex trials prompting Repros rethink
 
 US FDA warns opthalmic supplier Tubilux about Italian plant 





 







Weekly / Daily Free Newsletters
in-PharmaTechnologist.comOutsourcing-Pharma.comBioPharma-Reporter.com  
Pharmaceutical Technology - Daily


Pharmaceutical Outsourcing - Daily


Biopharmaceutical Development - Daily

  
Pharmaceutical Technology - Weekly


Pharmaceutical Outsourcing - Weekly


Biopharmaceutical Development - Weekly

  
     
    

     
    

     
    
  
APIs (active pharmaceutical ingredients)


Analytical testing, QC


Analytical (technologies & services)

  
Delivery formulations


Contract Manufacturing


Bio-Outsourcing

  
Delivery technologies


Drug delivery, formulation


Bioreactors

  
Excipients, raw materials and intermediates


Fill & finish, packaging


Cell lines

  
Processing equipment


Medical Devices


Disposable Manufacturing Tech

  
QA/QC


Phase I-II


Facilities

  
Regulations


Phase III-IV


Fill-Finish & Packaging

  
Tabletting, coating & ancillary equipment


Preclinical


Separation & Purification

  
     
    

Regulatory affairs


     
    
  
     
    

Supply chain, logistics


     
    



Other Newsletters

Pharma legislationPharma financeClinical ResearchDrug targeting and delivery




Subscribe to our FREE newsletterSUBSCRIBE







 Related Sites from our Team


Contract Research, Manufacturing & Clinical Trials
                                             | 
                                                                                    Biopharmaceutical Development & Manufacturing





About us |
                        Site map |
        All sites |
                                            Recommend this Site |
                
                    Advertise |
                            Contact the Editor |
        
        Terms & Conditions  |
        Privacy & Cookie Policy






























