





Glaukos Corporation Promotes Chris M. Calcaterra to Chief Operating 
      Officer - MarketWatch


















































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets After Hours



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers




















press release


					Feb. 1, 2017, 4:30 p.m. EST
				
Glaukos Corporation Promotes Chris M. Calcaterra to Chief Operating 
      Officer
























SAN CLEMENTE, Calif., Feb 01, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) --
Glaukos Corporation                 

/quotes/zigman/51796194/composite GKOS
-3.57%


, an ophthalmic medical technology 
      company focused on the development and commercialization of breakthrough 
      products and procedures designed to transform the treatment of glaucoma, 
      today announced that Chris M. Calcaterra has been named Chief Operating 
      Officer, effective immediately.


                                        








Mr. Calcaterra joined Glaukos in 2008 and has served as its Chief 
      Commercial Officer since that time. With his promotion to Chief 
      Operating Officer, Mr. Calcaterra will continue to lead the company’s 
      global sales, marketing and reimbursement functions, while adding 
      oversight of manufacturing operations, facilities management and 
      clinical recruiting to his management responsibilities.


                                        








Mr. Calcaterra has more than 25 years of experience in the ophthalmic 
      medical technology industry. Prior to joining Glaukos, he was a senior 
      vice president responsible for the cataract business at Advanced Medical 
      Optics, Inc. (AMO), which was acquired by Abbott Laboratories in 2009. 
      He previously held increasingly responsible leadership positions in a 
      variety of sales and marketing roles at AMO, as well as AMO’s 
      predecessor surgical division business at Allergan, Inc.


                                        








“Chris has been instrumental in the growth and development of Glaukos 
      since joining our management team nearly nine years ago and I am 
      confident that he will continue to play an integral role in our success 
      in the newly created Chief Operating Officer position,” said Thomas 
      Burns, Glaukos President and Chief Executive Officer. “His sales and 
      marketing prowess, thoughtful leadership, sound judgement, competitive 
      spirit and stellar reputation across the ophthalmic professional 
      community and industry make him an ideal individual for this expanded 
      leadership responsibility. On behalf of the entire Glaukos organization, 
      I am pleased to offer Chris this promotion and our congratulations and 
      full support.”


                                        








Mr. Calcaterra holds a bachelor’s degree from Miami University and a 
      master’s in business administration from Xavier University.


                                        

About Glaukos









Glaukos (        www.glaukos.com
) 
      is an ophthalmic medical technology company focused on the development 
      and commercialization of breakthrough products and procedures designed 
      to transform the treatment of glaucoma, one of the world’s leading 
      causes of blindness. The company pioneered Micro-Invasive Glaucoma 
      Surgery, or MIGS, to revolutionize the traditional glaucoma treatment 
      and management paradigm. Glaukos launched the         
iStent        

		[®]
	, 
      its first MIGS device, in the United States in July 2012 and is 
      leveraging its platform technology to build a comprehensive and 
      proprietary portfolio of micro-scale injectable therapies designed to 
      address the complete range of glaucoma disease states and progression. 
      The company believes the         
iStent        
, measuring 1.0 mm long and 0.33 
      mm wide, is the smallest medical device ever approved by the FDA.


                                        

Forward-Looking Statements









All statements other than statements of historical facts included in 
      this press release that address activities, events or developments that 
      we expect, believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are 
      forward-looking statements. Although we believe that we have a 
      reasonable basis for forward-looking statements contained herein, we 
      caution you that they are based on current expectations about future 
      events affecting us and are subject to risks, uncertainties and factors 
      relating to our operations and business environment, all of which are 
      difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control, that may 
      cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or 
      implied by forward-looking statements in this press release. These 
      potential risks and uncertainties include, without limitations, our 
      ability to continue to pioneer the worldwide development and expansion 
      of MIGs and products for the treatment of glaucoma. These risks, 
      uncertainties and factors are described in detail under the caption 
      “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in our filings with the Securities and 
      Exchange Commission, including our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the 
      quarter ended September 30, 2016 filed with the Securities and Exchange 
      Commission. Our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission are 
      available in the Investor Section of our website at         www.glaukos.com
 
      or at         www.sec.gov
. 
      In addition, information about the risks and benefits of our products is 
      available on our website at         www.glaukos.com
. 
      All forward-looking statements included in this press release are 
      expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary 
      statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the 
      forward-looking statements in this press release, which speak only as of 
      the date hereof. We do not undertake any obligation to update, amend or 
      clarify these forward-looking statements whether as a result of new 
      information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under 
      applicable securities law.


                                        














View source version on businesswire.com:         http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170201005988/en/









SOURCE: Glaukos Corporation


                                        

Media Contact:

for Glaukos Corporation        
Cassandra Dump        
619-971-1887        
cassy@pascalecommunications.com

or        
Investor 
      Contact:

Glaukos Corporation        
Sheree Aronson        
VP, 
      Investor Relations        
949-367-9600 ext 371        
saronson@glaukos.com









Copyright Business Wire 2017
                    



/quotes/zigman/51796194/composite 





 Add to watchlist
                    
GKOS




Glaukos Corp.


                US
                
                    : U.S.: NYSE
                
            




$
41.08



-1.52
-3.57%




Volume: 293,701
July 27, 2017 4:02p






P/E Ratio361.62
Dividend YieldN/A




Market Cap$1.46 billion
Rev. per Employee$481,864





 









 










































Most Popular





1.






The dark side of cruises






2.






Coca-Cola to replace Coke Zero in U.S.






3.





Market Snapshot

Dow ends at record, but tech slump weighs on S&P 500, Nasdaq






4.






If you can buy only one stock or ETF, make it this one






5.





Barron's Buzz

How to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay








Find a Broker

Partner Center »























Featured Stories





Seeing America again through new eyes







How to dig yourself out of debt







Move over, Tesla? Karma unveils its hybrid sports car







The salary you need to afford a home in these 25 cities







Why OPEC will never cut production again













Log In




5:54 PM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:48pTesla earnings: Will Model 3 live up to the hype?
5:48pWhat a constant stream of oil company spending cuts means for crude prices
5:43pAll the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart
5:41pScaramucci provides a shocking Bannon comparison that defies anatomy
5:33pBitcoin investors: things may get very ugly soon, if this chart overlay is right
5:33pBaidu ADRs rally 7% after earnings beat
5:30pBREAKINGSenators demand House conference promise before voting on 'skinny' Obamacare repeal
5:27pJonathan Golub leaves RBC to head equities strategy at Credit Suisse: report
5:23pAmazon earnings forecast shows spending expected to continue
5:22pA quarter of S&P 500’s 2017 climb due to five stocks (yes, those five)
5:09pNuVasive shares drop after announced COO, CFO departures
5:07pBoston Beer jumps on stellar second-quarter earnings 
5:06pDow ends at record, but tech slump weighs on S&P 500, Nasdaq
5:00pAmazon earnings fall 77%, shares drop
4:45pElectronic Arts shares fall after first-quarter results 
4:45pRevolution Investing and the half-trillion-dollar club
4:44pFirst Solar shares jump 14% on big earnings beat, strong outlook
4:38pTreasury yields rebound on raft of solid economic data and AT&T debt deal
4:35pWhy millions are locked out of the American Dream and you may not have to take your antibiotics 
4:32pDan Neil Drives VW's Atlas
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15





























































	Glaukos Promotes Chris M Calcaterra To Chief Operating Officer













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






Glaukos Promotes Chris M. Calcaterra To Chief Operating Officer  











Tweet








2/2/2017 8:54:35 AM




  Life Sciences Jobs
 


  &bullet; Newest Jobs - Last 24 Hours


  &bullet; California Jobs


  &bullet; Massachusetts Jobs


  &bullet; New Jersey Jobs


  &bullet; Maryland Jobs


  &bullet; Washington Jobs


  View More Jobs


SAN CLEMENTE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Glaukos Corporation (NYSE: GKOS), an ophthalmic medical technology 
      company focused on the development and commercialization of breakthrough 
      products and procedures designed to transform the treatment of glaucoma, 
      today announced that Chris M. Calcaterra has been named Chief Operating 
      Officer, effective immediately.
    
“Chris has been instrumental in the growth and development of Glaukos 
      since joining our management team nearly nine years ago and I am 
      confident that he will continue to play an integral role in our success 
      in the newly created Chief Operating Officer position”

      Mr. Calcaterra joined Glaukos in 2008 and has served as its Chief 
      Commercial Officer since that time. With his promotion to Chief 
      Operating Officer, Mr. Calcaterra will continue to lead the company’s 
      global sales, marketing and reimbursement functions, while adding 
      oversight of manufacturing operations, facilities management and 
      clinical recruiting to his management responsibilities.
    

      Mr. Calcaterra has more than 25 years of experience in the ophthalmic 
      medical technology industry. Prior to joining Glaukos, he was a senior 
      vice president responsible for the cataract business at Advanced Medical 
      Optics, Inc. (AMO), which was acquired by Abbott Laboratories in 2009. 
      He previously held increasingly responsible leadership positions in a 
      variety of sales and marketing roles at AMO, as well as AMO’s 
      predecessor surgical division business at Allergan, Inc.
    

      “Chris has been instrumental in the growth and development of Glaukos 
      since joining our management team nearly nine years ago and I am 
      confident that he will continue to play an integral role in our success 
      in the newly created Chief Operating Officer position,” said Thomas 
      Burns, Glaukos President and Chief Executive Officer. “His sales and 
      marketing prowess, thoughtful leadership, sound judgement, competitive 
      spirit and stellar reputation across the ophthalmic professional 
      community and industry make him an ideal individual for this expanded 
      leadership responsibility. On behalf of the entire Glaukos organization, 
      I am pleased to offer Chris this promotion and our congratulations and 
      full support.”
    

      Mr. Calcaterra holds a bachelor’s degree from Miami University and a 
      master’s in business administration from Xavier University.
    

About Glaukos


      Glaukos (www.glaukos.com) 
      is an ophthalmic medical technology company focused on the development 
      and commercialization of breakthrough products and procedures designed 
      to transform the treatment of glaucoma, one of the world’s leading 
      causes of blindness. The company pioneered Micro-Invasive Glaucoma 
      Surgery, or MIGS, to revolutionize the traditional glaucoma treatment 
      and management paradigm. Glaukos launched the iStent®, 
      its first MIGS device, in the United States in July 2012 and is 
      leveraging its platform technology to build a comprehensive and 
      proprietary portfolio of micro-scale injectable therapies designed to 
      address the complete range of glaucoma disease states and progression. 
      The company believes the iStent, measuring 1.0 mm long and 0.33 
      mm wide, is the smallest medical device ever approved by the FDA.
    

Forward-Looking Statements


      All statements other than statements of historical facts included in 
      this press release that address activities, events or developments that 
      we expect, believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are 
      forward-looking statements. Although we believe that we have a 
      reasonable basis for forward-looking statements contained herein, we 
      caution you that they are based on current expectations about future 
      events affecting us and are subject to risks, uncertainties and factors 
      relating to our operations and business environment, all of which are 
      difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control, that may 
      cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or 
      implied by forward-looking statements in this press release. These 
      potential risks and uncertainties include, without limitations, our 
      ability to continue to pioneer the worldwide development and expansion 
      of MIGs and products for the treatment of glaucoma. These risks, 
      uncertainties and factors are described in detail under the caption 
      “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in our filings with the Securities and 
      Exchange Commission, including our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the 
      quarter ended September 30, 2016 filed with the Securities and Exchange 
      Commission. Our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission are 
      available in the Investor Section of our website at www.glaukos.com 
      or at www.sec.gov. 
      In addition, information about the risks and benefits of our products is 
      available on our website at www.glaukos.com. 
      All forward-looking statements included in this press release are 
      expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary 
      statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the 
      forward-looking statements in this press release, which speak only as of 
      the date hereof. We do not undertake any obligation to update, amend or 
      clarify these forward-looking statements whether as a result of new 
      information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under 
      applicable securities law.
    


 






                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
Glaukos Announces Fourth Quarter & Full Year 2015 Financial Results  The Story Of A Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Refugee Scientist  Glaukos Submits IND Application To FDA To Study iDose Travoprost Intraocular Implant In Glaucoma Patients  Moving From Big Pharma To Biotech—A Conversation With Achillion (ACHN)'s CSO  Study Published In Journal Of Glaucoma Evaluates A Single Glaukos iStent Trabecular Micro-Bypass Stent As A Standalone Procedure  13 Questions For Bryan Roberts Of Venture Firm Venrock Glaukos Completes Patient Enrollment In Initial Phase Of U.S. IDE Clinical Trial For Standalone Version Of Istent Inject
This Small Biotech's $4,500 Injection Is Used To Stop Heroin Overdoses  New International Study Highlights IOP-Lowering Performance Of Glaukos iStent Inject Trabecular Micro-Bypass In Standalone Procedure

  6 Things To Know About The Biotech Billionaire Who Wants To Be Trump's Healthcare Czar  




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            Glaukos Corporation




             
        





                            •
                            Biotech/Pharma - Personnel



                            •
                            Medical Devices



                            •
                            Medical Dev. & Diag. - Personnel




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 





























Glaukos Corporation Promotes Chris M. Calcaterra to Chief Operating OfficerHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,475.42-2.41 (-0.10%)Dow 3021,796.55+85.54 (+0.39%)Nasdaq6,382.19-40.56 (-0.63%)Glaukos Corporation Promotes Chris M. Calcaterra to Chief Operating OfficerBusiness WireFebruary 1, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareSAN CLEMENTE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Glaukos Corporation (GKOS), an ophthalmic medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of breakthrough products and procedures designed to transform the treatment of glaucoma, today announced that Chris M. Calcaterra has been named Chief Operating Officer, effective immediately.Mr. Calcaterra joined Glaukos in 2008 and has served as its Chief Commercial Officer since that time. With his promotion to Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Calcaterra will continue to lead the company’s global sales, marketing and reimbursement functions, while adding oversight of manufacturing operations, facilities management and clinical recruiting to his management responsibilities.Mr. Calcaterra has more than 25 years of experience in the ophthalmic medical technology industry. Prior to joining Glaukos, he was a senior vice president responsible for the cataract business at Advanced Medical Optics, Inc. (AMO), which was acquired by Abbott Laboratories in 2009. He previously held increasingly responsible leadership positions in a variety of sales and marketing roles at AMO, as well as AMO’s predecessor surgical division business at Allergan, Inc.“Chris has been instrumental in the growth and development of Glaukos since joining our management team nearly nine years ago and I am confident that he will continue to play an integral role in our success in the newly created Chief Operating Officer position,” said Thomas Burns, Glaukos President and Chief Executive Officer. “His sales and marketing prowess, thoughtful leadership, sound judgement, competitive spirit and stellar reputation across the ophthalmic professional community and industry make him an ideal individual for this expanded leadership responsibility. On behalf of the entire Glaukos organization, I am pleased to offer Chris this promotion and our congratulations and full support.”Mr. Calcaterra holds a bachelor’s degree from Miami University and a master’s in business administration from Xavier University.About GlaukosGlaukos (www.glaukos.com) is an ophthalmic medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of breakthrough products and procedures designed to transform the treatment of glaucoma, one of the world’s leading causes of blindness. The company pioneered Micro-Invasive Glaucoma Surgery, or MIGS, to revolutionize the traditional glaucoma treatment and management paradigm. Glaukos launched the iStent®, its first MIGS device, in the United States in July 2012 and is leveraging its platform technology to build a comprehensive and proprietary portfolio of micro-scale injectable therapies designed to address the complete range of glaucoma disease states and progression. The company believes the iStent, measuring 1.0 mm long and 0.33 mm wide, is the smallest medical device ever approved by the FDA.Forward-Looking StatementsAll statements other than statements of historical facts included in this press release that address activities, events or developments that we expect, believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements. Although we believe that we have a reasonable basis for forward-looking statements contained herein, we caution you that they are based on current expectations about future events affecting us and are subject to risks, uncertainties and factors relating to our operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control, that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements in this press release. These potential risks and uncertainties include, without limitations, our ability to continue to pioneer the worldwide development and expansion of MIGs and products for the treatment of glaucoma. These risks, uncertainties and factors are described in detail under the caption “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission are available in the Investor Section of our website at www.glaukos.com or at www.sec.gov. In addition, information about the risks and benefits of our products is available on our website at www.glaukos.com. All forward-looking statements included in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements in this press release, which speak only as of the date hereof. We do not undertake any obligation to update, amend or clarify these forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities law.View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170201005988/en/ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextVirgin Atlantic founder Sir Richard Branson sells 31pc stake in airline for £220m as part of new tie-up with Air France-KLMThe TelegraphEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredFlights To Hawaii Are About To Get SO Much CheaperRefinery29Oil demand could peak in about 10 years, says Shell CEO, sooner than others forecastCNBCWeWork raised $500 million to expand in ChinaBusiness Insider UKDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredUber’s New CEO Short List Is Said to Include HPE’s Meg WhitmanBloombergAmazon profit slumps 77 percent as costs surge, shares fallReutersMattis was on vacation when Trump tweeted transgender ban, and he was reportedly 'appalled' by itBusiness InsiderZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredRepublicans kill the border taxYahoo FinanceTwitter is only famous now because of President Trump: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoRolls-Royce Motor CEO: We’re not in the auto business. We’re in the luxury business.Yahoo FinanceA Penny-Crypto Miracle Making Some Americans RichAgora FinancialSponsoredBuffalo Wild Wings is killing one of customers' favorite dealsBusiness InsiderUndefeated boxer who now fights MMA on Mayweather-McGregor fight: I don't know if it would matter if there were 2 Conor McGregors in that ringBusiness InsiderKellyanne Conway: Ethical disclosures discourage people from government serviceliberaltroll10: Ethics disclosures are there to prevent PEOPLE LIKE YOU from getting into Govt. Kellyanne.Join the Conversation1 / 51k

















Glaukos Corporation Promotes Chris M. Calcaterra To Chief Operating Officer - TheStreet





























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Glaukos Corporation Promotes Chris M. Calcaterra To Chief Operating Officer






Business Wire




Feb 1, 2017 4:30 PM EST













 


















































  Glaukos Corporation (NYSE: GKOS), an ophthalmic medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of breakthrough products and procedures designed to transform the treatment of glaucoma, today announced that Chris M. Calcaterra has been named Chief Operating Officer, effective immediately.  Mr. Calcaterra joined Glaukos in 2008 and has served as its Chief Commercial Officer since that time. With his promotion to Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Calcaterra will continue to lead the company's global sales, marketing and reimbursement functions, while adding oversight of manufacturing operations, facilities management and clinical recruiting to his management responsibilities.  Mr. Calcaterra has more than 25 years of experience in the ophthalmic medical technology industry. Prior to joining Glaukos, he was a senior vice president responsible for the cataract business at Advanced Medical Optics, Inc. (AMO), which was acquired by Abbott Laboratories in 2009. He previously held increasingly responsible leadership positions in a variety of sales and marketing roles at AMO, as well as AMO's predecessor surgical division business at Allergan, Inc.  "Chris has been instrumental in the growth and development of Glaukos since joining our management team nearly nine years ago and I am confident that he will continue to play an integral role in our success in the newly created Chief Operating Officer position," said Thomas Burns, Glaukos President and Chief Executive Officer. "His sales and marketing prowess, thoughtful leadership, sound judgement, competitive spirit and stellar reputation across the ophthalmic professional community and industry make him an ideal individual for this expanded leadership responsibility. On behalf of the entire Glaukos organization, I am pleased to offer Chris this promotion and our congratulations and full support."  Mr. Calcaterra holds a bachelor's degree from Miami University and a master's in business administration from Xavier University.  About Glaukos  Glaukos ( www.glaukos.com) is an ophthalmic medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of breakthrough products and procedures designed to transform the treatment of glaucoma, one of the world's leading causes of blindness. The company pioneered Micro-Invasive Glaucoma Surgery, or MIGS, to revolutionize the traditional glaucoma treatment and management paradigm. Glaukos launched the iStent  ® , its first MIGS device, in the United States in July 2012 and is leveraging its platform technology to build a comprehensive and proprietary portfolio of micro-scale injectable therapies designed to address the complete range of glaucoma disease states and progression. The company believes the iStent, measuring 1.0 mm long and 0.33 mm wide, is the smallest medical device ever approved by the FDA.  Forward-Looking Statements  All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this press release that address activities, events or developments that we expect, believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements. Although we believe that we have a reasonable basis for forward-looking statements contained herein, we caution you that they are based on current expectations about future events affecting us and are subject to risks, uncertainties and factors relating to our operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control, that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements in this press release. These potential risks and uncertainties include, without limitations, our ability to continue to pioneer the worldwide development and expansion of MIGs and products for the treatment of glaucoma. These risks, uncertainties and factors are described in detail under the caption "Risk Factors" and elsewhere in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission are available in the Investor Section of our website at www.glaukos.com or at www.sec.gov. In addition, information about the risks and benefits of our products is available on our website at www.glaukos.com. All forward-looking statements included in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements in this press release, which speak only as of the date hereof. We do not undertake any obligation to update, amend or clarify these forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities law.   



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Mad Money Lightning Round: Chevron, American Electric Power, Wendy's
Jim Cramer likes WEN, CVX and AEP.



Scott Rutt

Nov 22, 2016 6:00 AM EST
























Jim Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap: Tech and Natural Resources Both Gain
Next phase of this Trump rally shows there's money moving in, says Jim Cramer.



Scott Rutt

Nov 21, 2016 8:19 PM EST
























8 Stocks Spiking on Big Volume
Here's a technical look at how to trade eight stocks rising on unusual volume recently.



Roberto Pedone

May 3, 2016 8:22 AM EDT
























5 Breakout Stocks for Your Buy List
These stocks are poised to break out and trade higher from current levels.



Roberto Pedone

Mar 18, 2016 10:57 AM EDT








































 











Trending


Tesla's Model 3 Arrives on Friday -- Here's Everything You Need to Know


Apple Isn't the Only Hot Deal That Will Send PayPal Shares Soaring -- Jim Cramer Reveals


Southwest Shares Just Dropped 50,000 Feet, Thanks Mostly to One Number


Verizon Is a Powerhouse -- Jim Cramer Reveals Why


Here's How You Can Get a Decent Job at Amazon on August 2











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















Chris M Calcaterra - Trabuco Canyon, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Chris M Calcaterra in Trabuco Canyon, CA


Chris M Calcaterra

                                                                           Intelius found that Chris M Calcaterra  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Trabuco Canyon, CA.  We have connected them to
                6 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Chris W Calcaterra


Get Report Now

Age

Chris M Calcaterra is in his 50s

Chris Has Lived In

Trabuco Canyon, CA
Cincinnati, OH
Rancho Santa Margarita, CA

Chris's Relatives

Nick Calcaterra
Diane Calcaterra
Nicholas Calcaterra







Chris M Calcaterra



Zodiac SignGemini



GenderMale



Professional Status
Chief Commercial Officers at Glaukos Corp



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Chris? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Chris, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Chris M Calcaterra
Get a Criminal Check on Chris M Calcaterra
Get a Public Record Report on Chris M Calcaterra
Get a People Search Report on Chris M Calcaterra


Chris M Calcaterra's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Chris M Calcaterra has lived as well as Chris M Calcaterra's phone numbers and email addresses.




Chris M Calcaterra Has Lived in 2 States
California Address for Chris M Calcaterra


6 M******* L* 

Trabuco Canyon, CA


Has Lived In

Trabuco Canyon, CA
Cincinnati, OH


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Chris M Calcaterra

(949) ***-**** - Trabuco Canyon, CA 
(949) ***-**** - Laguna Hills, CA 
(513) ***-**** - Cincinnati, OH 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Chris M Calcaterra

c*********a@***.com
c*************a@***.com
c**************a@***.com


Get Email Report




Chris M Calcaterra's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Chris M Calcaterra's academic history.  Find out which schools Chris M Calcaterra attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Chris M Calcaterra received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Chris M Calcaterra Has Attended 4 Schools
Xavier University - School of Business Administration 1995 – 1997                              
Xavier University - Williams College of Business               1995 – 1997                              
Miami University               1978 – 1982               Chris M Calcaterra has a B.s Business Administration in Marketing               
Miami University               1978 – 1982               Chris M Calcaterra has a B.s Business Administration, Marketing in Marketing               


Chris M Calcaterra's Professional Information
Information regarding Chris M Calcaterra's professional history.  Find out previous places Chris M Calcaterra has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Chris M Calcaterra Has Worked at 12 Places
Company: Glaukos Corp
               Title: Chief Commercial Officers
Company: Glaukos Corp
               Title: Chief Commercial Officer
Chris M Calcaterra's Experience
Title: Chief Commercial Officers
               Company: Glaukos Corp
Job Details
               Company Size: $50 mil to less than $100 mil - Employee Range: 100 to less than 500
Title: Chief Commercial Officer
               Company: Glaukos Corp
Job Details
               Company Size: $5 mil to less than $10 mil - Employee Range: 25 to less than 100. Glaukos (www.glaukos.com) is an ophthalmic medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of breakthrough products and procedures designed to transform the treatment of glaucoma, one of the world's leading causes of blindness. The company pioneered Micro-Invasive Glaucoma Surgery, or MIGS, to revolutionize the traditional glaucoma treatment and management paradigm. Glaukos launched the iStent, its first MIGS device, in the United States in July 2012 and is leveraging its platform technology to build a comprehensive and proprietary portfolio of micro-scale injectable therapies designed to address the complete range of glaucoma disease states and progression. The company believes the iStent, measuring 1.0 mm long and 0.33 mm wide, is the smallest medical device ever approved by the FDA.
Additional Professional Information on Chris M Calcaterra

 See Chris M Calcaterra's LinkedIn Profile



Chris M Calcaterra's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Chris M Calcaterra


Chris M Calcaterra's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Chris M Calcaterra's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Chris Calcaterra
Username Matches

                  ChrisCalcaterra
                  CalcaterraChris
                  Chris.Calcaterra
                  Calcaterra.Chris
                  Chris_Calcaterra
                  Calcaterra_Chris
                  Chris-Calcaterra
                  Calcaterra-Chris
                  CCalcaterra
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
C Calcaterra







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.
















Chris M. Calcaterra - Chief Operating Officer at Glaukos Corp.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Chris M. Calcaterra
Chief Operating Officer at Glaukos Corp.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Political Donations Public Holdings 


Chris M. Calcaterra
Chief Operating Officer at Glaukos Corp.



 Overview



Age



57
                                  (Born 1960)
                                              




Notable Companies


Glaukos Corp.




Board Seats



1





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 352 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Business Wire
February 1, 2017





                        Glaukos Corporation Promotes Chris M. Calcaterra to Chief Operating Officer                    





Medical Marketing & Media (MMM)
July 11, 2016





                        Are you a finalist in the MM&M Awards? Find out now                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




Thomas William Burns

President & Chief Executive Officer at Glaukos Corp.




William J. Link

Co-Founder at Versant Venture Management LLC





Olav B. Bergheim

Former President & Director at Adagio Medical, Inc.




Aimee S. Weisner

Former Corporate Vice President & General Counsel at Edwards Lifesciences Corp.





L. Jay Katz

Chief Medical Officer at Glaukos Corp.




Jonathan Silverstein

General Partner & Co-Head of Global Private Equity at OrbiMed Advisors LLC





Sheree L. Aronson

Vice President, Investor Relations & Corporate Marketing at Glaukos Corp.




Richard Lindstrom

Medical Director at Midwest Surgical Services, Inc.





Robert J. Cionni

Medical Director at The Eye Institute of Utah




Kerry D. Solomon

Member, Scientific Advisory Board at Glaukos Corp.







See 342 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 342 More 


 


 Paths to Chris M. Calcaterra



            Chris M. Calcaterra          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Chris M. Calcaterra






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Chris M. Calcaterra.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


Miami University

                  Miami University is one of the oldest public universities in the country, made possible by an ordinance signed by President George Washington in 1795. Chartered in 1809, Miami welcomed its first students in 1824. Miami's reputation grew as quickly as its enrollment, and it became known as the "Yale of the West" for its ambitious liberal arts curriculum. Today, Miami consistently ranks among the nation's top public universities for the quality of teaching and overall student experience.

One of Miami University's most famous graduates was Benjamin Harrison, who later became a President of the United States. Professor William Holmes McGuffey revolutionized the education of generations of Americans when he conducted research for his Eclectic Readers series while teaching at Miami from 1826 to 1836. The "mother of fraternities," Miami was the founding site of four national fraternities: Beta Theta Pi, Phi Delta Theta, Sigma Chi, and Phi Kappa Tau; as well as Delta Zeta sorority.                




M.B.A. 


Xavier University - Williams College of Business







 Career History



Chief Operating Officer

                                    2008 - Current                


Glaukos Corp.


                  Glaukos Corp. is an ophthalmic medical device company, which engages in the development and commercialization of products and procedures designed to transform the treatment of glaucoma. Its micro invasive glaucoma surgery procedures are designed to reduce intraocular eye pressure by improving aqueous outflow through the natural physiologic pathway. The company was founded by Olav B. Bergheim, Morteza Gharib, and Richard Hill in July 1998 and is headquartered in San Clemente, CA.                




Senior Vice President, Cataract & Refractive Business

                                    Prior                


Advanced Medical Optics, Inc.


                  Advanced Medical Optics, Inc. manufactures intraocular lens and optical medical devices for eye disorders. Its products includes intraocular lenses, laser vision correction systems, phacoemulsification systems, viscoelastics, microkeratomes and related products used in cataract and refractive surgery. It develops sovereign system, which  is equipped with WhiteStar software that uses ultrasound power to dissolve dense cataracts that can develop in the eye, Amadeus microkeratome, a device used during LASIK procedures and Verisyse phakic IOL for treatment of moderate to severe myopia. It was founded in 1976 Santa Ana, CA.                




Senior Vice President

                                    Prior                


Cataract, Inc.


                  Part of RCM Technologies, Inc., Cataract, Inc. is a company headquartered in Newtown, PA, that supplies contract technical personnel. On 06 Sep 95 RCM Technologies, Inc. acquired Cataract, Inc. for $3.20 million.                




Vice President-Surgical Sales

                                    Prior                


Allergan, Inc.


                  Allergan, Inc. operates as a global healthcare company. It engages in the development and commercialization of specialty pharmaceutical, medical device ,and over-the-counter products for the ophthalmic, neurological, medical aesthetics, medical dermatology, breast aesthetics, obesity intervention, urological, and other specialty markets. The company operates through two business segments: Specialty Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices. The Specialty Pharmaceuticals segment produces a broad range of pharmaceutical products, including ophthalmic products for dry eye, glaucoma, retinal diseases, and ocular surface disease; Botox for certain therapeutic and aesthetic indications; skin care products for acne, psoriasis, and eyelashes; and over-the-counter skin care products and urologic products. The Medical Devices segment produces a broad range of medical devices, including breast implants for augmentation, revision, and reconstructive surgery; obesity intervention products, including the Lap-Band System and the Orbera Intragastric Balloon System and facial aesthetics products. Its products are sold to drug wholesalers, independent and chain drug stores, pharmacies, commercial optical chains, opticians, mass merchandisers, food stores, hospitals, group purchasing organizations, integrated direct hospital networks, ambulatory surgery centers, and medical practitioners. The company was founded by Gavin S. Herbert in 1950 and is headquartered in Irvine, CA.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Director

                    Prior                  


WaveTec Vision Systems, Inc.

                    WaveTec Vision Systems, Inc. develops and provides wavefront measurement technologies. It focuses on research, development, manufacturing, and distribution of the Optiwave Refractive Analysis (ORA) system with VerifEye used during cataract surgery. The firm offers ophthalmic medical devices. The company was founded by Kenneth C. Aldrich, William B. Adams, Thomas J. Berryman, and Tony Van Heugten in 1997 and is headquartered in Aliso Viejo, CA.                  





 Political Donations



$250

                  2012                


Erik Paulsen


                  Representative from Minnesota's 3rd Congressional District                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Chris M. Calcaterra is affiliated with
                            Glaukos Corp., Advanced Medical Optics, Inc., Cataract, Inc., Allergan, Inc., WaveTec Vision Systems, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













 






Chris Calcaterra, Chief Commercial Officer, Glaukos


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Chris Calcaterra



Chief Commercial Officer
at
Glaukos


Location: Orange County, California Area





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Chris Calcaterra



Chief Commercial Officer
at
Glaukos


Location: Orange County, California Area




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Chris M. Calcaterra has served as chief commercial officer of Glaukos since April 2008 and has more than 25 years of experience in the ophthalmic medical technology industry. Prior to joining our company, Mr. Calcaterra was senior vice president at Advanced Medical Optics, Inc. (acquired by Abbott Laboratories), and was responsible for its cataract refractive business. Prior to that position, Mr. Calcaterra held increasingly responsible vice president positions in a variety of sales and marketing roles at Advanced Medical Optics, Inc., as well as its predecessor surgical division business at Allergan, Inc. Mr. Calcaterra has a B.S. from Miami University and an M.B.A. from Xavier University, and he was previously a board member of WaveTec Vision Systems, Inc., (acquired by Novartis).



3

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Medical Device, Equipment, Supplies Manufacturing




Tags
Medical Devices, Market Development, Product Launch




Topics of Influence












N/A







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Chris CalcaterraCareer (5)






Apr-2008




Glaukos



Chief Commercial Officer







2007 to 2008




Advanced Medical Optics



Sr. Vice President







2002 to 2006




Advanced Medical Optics



Vice President







1999 to 2001




Allergan



Vice President, U.S Surgical Sales







1987 to 1998




Allergan



Various Roles








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Chris CalcaterraEducation (2)






1997



Xavier University - Williams College of Business









1982



Miami University


Business Administration, Marketing









 Edit



Chris CalcaterraAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Chris Calcaterra






 Edit



Chris CalcaterraLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Chris Calcaterra









Chris CalcaterraInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Chris Calcaterra









Chris CalcaterraInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Chris Calcaterra








Chris CalcaterraRelated People








Colleagues at Glaukos







Joseph Gilliam

Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Corporate Development
Feb-2017









Robert Davis

Senior Vice President and General Counsel
Jun-2015









Jeffrey Wells

Senior VP, Clinical, Regulatory, and Quality Affairs
2008









Richard Harrison

Chief Financial Officer
Jan-2008








View all 
Peers (9)







Peter Melnyk

Chief Commercial Officer of Novocure









Thomas  P. McDonnell

Chief Commercial Officer of Neos Therapeutics









Tracy Woody

Chief Commercial Officer of KemPharm









Tracy M. Woody

Chief Commercial Officer of KemPharm









Paul Daruwala

Chief Commercial Officer of Cidara Therapeutics









Lisa Alderson

Chief Commercial Officer of Invitae












View all 



Chris CalcaterraRecommended Market Profiles








Healthcare IPO Companies

10,000 or More employees
81 companies





















Glaukos - OIS





















































































Ophthalmology Innovation SummitINTERVIEWS AND DISCUSSIONS WITH OPHTHALMOLOGY’S TOP INNOVATORS
Glaukos
June 5, 2015
The $4.9 billion glaucoma market is expected to reach $6.6 billion by 2019. The company launched its first product, the iStent, about 2 years ago and has had reasonable market penetration. Further, the company has had tremendous success with getting reimbursement for the device.
Prior to the introduction of micro-incisional glaucoma surgery (MIGS), surgery was often considered the last resort for patients, but MIGS has placed surgery among the initial treatment options, Calcaterra said.
Glaukos is currently working on additional devices: using the iStent in combination with cataract surgery, the iStent injectable (a two-stent therapy for combination cataract/glaucoma surgery and standalone MIGS), and the iStent Supra, with delivery into the suprachoroidal space. The iStent injectable is in phase 2/3 studies on pseudophakic patients. The iStent Supra is in an expanded phase U.S. IDE study.

Participant:




Chris Calcaterra
Chris M. Calcaterra has served the Chief Commercial Officer for Glaukos Corporation since April 2008. Prior to joining Glaukos, Mr. Calcaterra was senior vice president at Advanced Medical Optics, Inc. (acquired by Abbott Laboratories), and was responsible for its cataract business.

View Full Profile



You May Also Like:SVB’s Norris Discusses New Investors in Start-UpsAllegro’s Luminate Achieves Primary Endpoint in DME TrialWaveTec Vision SystemsSTAY UP TO DATE WITH OIS!
Get the latest news, podcasts and videos. Subscribe Today!
Subscribe Today

 
About OIS
Events
News
Videos
OIS Podcast
OIS Index
Contact Us

Call Us: 516-765-9005

 GET INVOLVED
Sponsorship Opportunities
Presenting Companies
Companies to Watch
Media & Press
Advertise with OIS
Be Our Podcast Guest


Upcoming Events
OIS@ASRS 2017 
OIS@AAO 2017 

Connect With Us
FacebookGoogle+LinkedinTwitterYouTube




https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-TDTW6F4"
height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden">








需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.

























calcaterra | eBay




Please enable JavaScript 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser, then try again.





 Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAntiquesArtBabyBooksBusiness & IndustrialCameras & PhotoCell Phones & AccessoriesClothing, Shoes & AccessoriesCoins & Paper MoneyCollectiblesComputers/Tablets & NetworkingConsumer ElectronicsCraftsDolls & BearsDVDs & MovieseBay MotorsEntertainment MemorabiliaGift Cards & CouponsHealth & BeautyHome & GardenJewelry & WatchesMusicMusical Instruments & GearPet SuppliesPottery & GlassReal EstateSpecialty ServicesSporting GoodsSports Mem, Cards & Fan ShopStampsTickets & ExperiencesToys & HobbiesTravelVideo Games & ConsolesEverything ElseAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification  {"url":"http://ir.ebaystatic.com/cr/v/c1/thirtysevens.jpg","maxViews":4,"imgSize":37,"expiry":300000,"timeout":250} 
Related: 
				dave little















Refine


moreFormatFormat


All Listings - Current page

Auction
Buy It Now
Classified ads




Sort: Best Match

Best Match



Time: ending soonest
Time: newly listed
Price + Shipping: lowest first
Price + Shipping: highest first
Distance: nearest first



View: LIST






Gallery view 
Customize... 






61
results for calcaterra

Follow calcaterra to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.
Unfollow calcaterra to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.
Yay! You're now following calcaterra in your eBay Feed.You will receive email alerts for new listings. Don't send me e-mail alerts.




	   Follow this search









  calcaterra: 
 












Items in search results








CALCATERRA GENUINE SHARK BLACK LEATHER LOAFERS SLIP ON SHOES MENS 7 D NICE!



$40.00


0 bids

















CALCATERRA Loafers Dress Shoes Black Men Size 13 D Faux Crocodile




					$24.95



				Buy It Now


















Men's Black Leather Loafers CALCATERRA Casual Sz 8.5 EE, Made in Italy




					$28.69

									Was: Previous Price
$34.99




				Buy It Now




						18% off










Calcaterra Men's Brown Wingtip Dress Shoes Size US 9.5D Eu 42




					$89.99



				or Best Offer


















New listing
		Men's Genuine Alligator Brown Oxfords 8.5D Calcaterra




					$175.00



				or Best Offer




Free shipping














Calcaterra Black White Wingtip American Alligator Goodyear Welt Golf Shoes 6.5M




					$35.00



				Buy It Now


















Girl Unbroken by Regina Calcaterra Paperback Book (English)




					$13.62



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisGirl Unbroken by Regina Calcaterra Paperback Book (English)

















ETCHED IN SAND - REGINA CALCATERRA (PAPERBACK) NEW









4 product ratings




					$12.55



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					Only 1 left!

					12 sold










Rob Calcaterra Theatre Pipe Organ private press lounge LP




					$9.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













ETCHED IN SAND: A True Story of Five Siblings by Regina Calcaterra (Paperback)




					$10.00



				or Best Offer
















Vintage New Zippo U.S.S. Calcaterra DER 390




					$149.00



				Buy It Now


















Calcaterra, Regina-Etched In Sand  (UK IMPORT)  BOOK NEW









4 product ratings




					$10.50



				Buy It Now




Free shipping







					From United Kingdom







Girl Unbroken by Regina Calcaterra CD 2016 Unabridged




					$25.19



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













EX ES - PHOTOGRAPHERS IN EXCELSUS Marino Parisotto; Cesare Calcaterra




					$150.00



				or Best Offer













US Naval Ship Cover USS Calcaterra DE-390 1967 Vietnam War




					$2.99



				Buy It Now













1991-92 Score Italian #35 Fabio Calcaterra




					$0.99



				Buy It Now


















US Naval Ship Cover USS Calcaterra DE-390 Cold War 1/27/1956 New York NY




					$5.49



				Buy It Now













CALCATERRA (DER-390) 25 Aug 1965 Crossing the Equator RS Cachet Locy Type 2




					$3.50



				or Best Offer




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Wed, Aug. 2














DER-390 USS Calcaterra Patch




					$11.95



				Buy It Now




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Tue, Aug. 1















Umbral Visions by Garrett Calcaterra (2010, Paperback)


		Sold directly by Barnes & Noble



					$14.98



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisUmbral Visions by Garrett Calcaterra (2010, Paperback)















Rob Calcaterra Master of the Organ private lounge theatre organ LP




					$9.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













GIRL UNBROKEN - CALCATERRA, REGINA/ MALONEY, ROSIE/ BLAU, JESSICA ANYA (CON) - N




					$16.62



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisGIRL UNBROKEN - CALCATERRA, REGINA/ MALONEY, ROSIE/ BLAU, JESSICA ANYA (CON) - N










USS Calcaterra DE 390 Framed Navy Ship Display




					$199.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













SPONSORED
1991-92 Score Italian #35 Fabio Calcaterra




					$0.99



				Buy It Now





















SPONSORED
USS CALCATERRA DER 390 Street Sign us navy ship veteran sailor gift




					$7.98

									List price: Previous Price
$10.98




				Buy It Now




Free shipping









Extra 5% off









NAVY 12/9/56 USS CALCATERRA




					$5.00



				or Best Offer
















Vintage US Navy 8 x 10 Press Photo USS Calcaterra DER-390 1970 835




					$19.95



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













1991 1991-92 Score Italian #35 Fabio Calcaterra Bari Soccer Card


		Fulfilled by COMC - World’s largest consignment service



					$2.74



				Buy It Now





















USS CALCATERRA DER 390 Street Sign us navy ship veteran sailor gift




					$7.98

									List price: Previous Price
$10.98




				Buy It Now




Free shipping









Extra 5% off












Vintage US Navy 8 x 10 Press Photo USS Calcaterra DER-390 Atlantic 834




					$19.95



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













The Dreamwielder Chronicles: Dreamwielder 1 by Garrett Calcaterra (2013,...




					$12.70

									List price: Previous Price
$15.99




				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisThe Dreamwielder Chronicles: Dreamwielder 1 by Garrett Calcaterra (2013,...










1968 USS CALCATERRA ANTARCTIC CIRCLE CROSSING CACHET




					$2.34



				or Best Offer













Out of Idaho: By Calcaterra, Regina Maloney, Rosie




					$20.16



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisOut of Idaho: By Calcaterra, Regina Maloney, Rosie










Umbral Visions by Garrett Calcaterra Paperback Book (English)




					$12.68



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisUmbral Visions by Garrett Calcaterra Paperback Book (English)













LA NI±A INQUEBRANTABLE /THE UNSHAKABLE GIRL - CALCATERRA, REGINA - NEW BOOK




					$13.60



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisLA NI±A INQUEBRANTABLE /THE UNSHAKABLE GIRL - CALCATERRA, REGINA - NEW BOOK










Souldrifter: The Dreamwielder Chronicles - Book Two by Garrett Calcaterra Paperb




					$16.61



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisSouldrifter: The Dreamwielder Chronicles - Book Two by Garrett Calcaterra Paperb















Navy FDC First Day Cover 1965 USS Calcaterra DER 390 WWII Edsall Class Destroyer




					$12.95



				or Best Offer




Free shipping


















Navy FDC First Day Cover 1965 USS Calcaterra DE 390 Antarctic Circle Edsall WWII




					$12.95



				or Best Offer




Free shipping


















Alle Origini Del Risorgimento : Pasquale Calcaterra Di Dasa e I Suoi Fratelli...


		Sold directly by Barnes & Noble



					$8.81



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisAlle Origini Del Risorgimento : Pasquale Calcaterra Di Dasa e I Suoi Fratelli...















ROB CALCATERRA "Master Of The Organ" LP Still Sealed WURLITZER




					$25.00



				or Best Offer













The Roads To Baldairn Motte By Comer, Kerp And Calcaterra C. 2011




					$6.30

									Was: Previous Price
$9.00




				or Best Offer




						30% off



See more like thisThe Roads To Baldairn Motte By Comer, Kerp And Calcaterra C. 2011















USS CALCATERRA JAN 6 1968 OPERATION DEEP FREEZE PURPLE CACHET ON NAVAL COVER




					$7.99



				or Best Offer




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Wed, Aug. 2










NEW Dreamwielder by Garrett Calcaterra Paperback Book (English) Free Shipping




					$16.61



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisNEW Dreamwielder by Garrett Calcaterra Paperback Book (English) Free Shipping















Etched in Sand by Regina Calcaterra CD 2013 Unabridged




					$22.04



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisEtched in Sand by Regina Calcaterra CD 2013 Unabridged










Alle Origini Del Risorgimento: Pasquale Calcaterra Di Dasa E I Suoi Fratelli by




					$9.77



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisAlle Origini Del Risorgimento: Pasquale Calcaterra Di Dasa E I Suoi Fratelli by















La Nina Inquebrantable by Regina Calcaterra Paperback Book (Spanish)




					$13.61



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisLa Nina Inquebrantable by Regina Calcaterra Paperback Book (Spanish)















Rob Calcaterra Theater Pipe Organ Sb10101 33RPM 030617RR




					$12.99

									Was: Previous Price
$19.99




				or Best Offer




						35% off










NEW Calcaterra v. Illinois U.S. Supreme Court Transcript of Record with Supporti




					$24.56



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisNEW Calcaterra v. Illinois U.S. Supreme Court Transcript of Record with Supporti


















NEW Girl Unbroken by Regina Calcaterra BOOK (Paperback) Free P&H




					$21.87



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisNEW Girl Unbroken by Regina Calcaterra BOOK (Paperback) Free P&H




					From United Kingdom










USA 1965 USS CALCATERRA SIGNED ANTARCTIC EXPEDITION VINTAGE PHOTOGRAPH




					$29.99



				Buy It Now







					From Canada







Grabada en la Arena = Etched in the Sand by Regina Calcaterra Paperback Book (Sp




					$18.84



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisGrabada en la Arena = Etched in the Sand by Regina Calcaterra Paperback Book (Sp















CALCATERRA GENUINE SHARK BROWN LEATHER LOAFERS SLIP ON SHOES MENS 12D NICE!




					$90.00



				or Best Offer













Calcaterra, Carlo Impara Per La Vita! Letture Italia...




					$20.00



				or Best Offer













Out of Idaho LP, Calcaterra, Regina




					$16.98



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisOut of Idaho LP, Calcaterra, Regina













VINTAGE  ZIPPO LIGHTER MILITARY USS CALCATERRA




					$34.95



				Buy It Now













DANIELE CALCATERRA Lace Dress 6 USA, 8 GB, 40 I, 36 D, 38 F PROTOTYPE 1200 EURO




					$159.00



				Buy It Now







					From Italy







Out of Idaho by Regina Calcaterra (2016, Paperback, Large Type)


		Sold directly by Barnes & Noble



					$20.60



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisOut of Idaho by Regina Calcaterra (2016, Paperback, Large Type)















The Dreamwielder Chronicles: Dreamwielder 1 by Garrett Calcaterra (2013,...


		Sold directly by Barnes & Noble



					$19.98



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisThe Dreamwielder Chronicles: Dreamwielder 1 by Garrett Calcaterra (2013,...















SPONSORED
Out of Idaho: By Calcaterra, Regina Maloney, Rosie




					$20.16



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisOut of Idaho: By Calcaterra, Regina Maloney, Rosie













Tell us what you think



eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.
eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.
Top Rated PlusSellers with highest buyer ratingsReturns, money backShips in a business day with trackingLearn More
Top Rated PlusSellers with highest buyer ratingsReturns, money backShips in a business day with trackingLearn More















Search refinements





Categories

All

Books
(26)




Other Books
(7)


Cookbooks
(6)


Fiction & Literature Books
(4)


Nonfiction Books
(4)




Textbooks & Educational Books
(2)


Audiobooks
(2)


Antiquarian & Collectible Books
(1)


More




Stamps
(9)




US Naval Stamp Covers
(5)


US First Day Covers (1961-1970)
(2)




US Postal History Covers
(1)


US First Day Covers (1951-1960)
(1)


More




Collectibles
(7)




Navy Collectibles (Unknown Date)
(3)


Other Collectible Zippo Lighters
(2)




Collectible Military Surplus Patches
(1)


Other Collectible Contemporary Photos (1940-Now)
(1)


More




Clothing, Shoes & Accessories
(7)




Men's Dress & Formal Shoes
(5)




Men's Vintage Shoes
(1)


Women's Dresses
(1)


More





Home & Garden
(5)


Music
(4)


Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop
(3)


Sporting Goods
(1)


Show more







Condition
see allCondition




New
(31)





Used
(14)





Not Specified
(16)





Price



Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.
			$ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price 





Format
see allFormat




All Listings(filter applied)
(61)




Auction
(1)




Buy It Now
(60)




Item Location
see allItem Location




Default(filter applied)





Within


Within
2 miles5 miles10 miles15 miles25 miles50 miles75 miles100 miles150 miles200 miles500 miles750 miles1000 miles1500 miles2000 miles of Enter your ZIP code 
						Go

Please enter a valid zipcode





US Only





North America





Worldwide






see allSellerSeller





Delivery Options
see allDelivery Options




Free shipping





Show only
see allShow only




Returns accepted





Completed listings





Sold listings





Deals & Savings





More refinements...































*Learn about pricing




			Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter

		 This page was last updated:  Jul-27 14:54. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.




















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





check for social media accounts:




















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Search for 
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip























Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results

Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip


What's Your Age?


Submit
I don't know

Skip























Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results

Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip


What's Your Age?


Submit
I don't know

Skip

















