










 












Frank Calderoni | Anaplan





















































































Blog


Community


Login




              English              


Français
русский
Deutsch
日本語


Get demo



Toggle navigation








Frank CalderoniChief Executive OfficerPresidentFrank Calderoni is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Anaplan and a member of the company’s Board of Directors. Frank is a technology industry veteran with over 30 years of successful executive leadership. Before joining Anaplan, Frank served as the Executive Vice President (EVP), Operations and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of Red Hat, Inc. from June 2015 to January 2017. He also served as EVP and CFO at Cisco Systems, Inc. for seven years. Prior to that, he served as Cisco’s Senior Vice President (SVP), Customer Solutions Finance from June 2007 to February 2008, and Vice President, Worldwide Sales Finance from May 2004 to June 2007. Frank joined Cisco in 2004 from QLogic Corporation, where he was the SVP and CFO. Prior to that, he was the SVP, Finance & Administration and CFO for SanDisk Corporation. Earlier in his career, he spent 21 years at IBM. Frank also sits on the boards of Adobe Systems, Inc., Palo Alto Networks, Inc., and Nimble Storage, Inc. Connect with FrankLinkedinExecutive teamChief Executive Officer, PresidentFrank CalderoniExecutive Vice President and Chief Financial OfficerAnup SinghChief Revenue OfficerPaul MelchiorreFounder and CTOMichael GouldGlobal Head of EngineeringJack WhyteChief Customer OfficerSimon TuckerVP, Product ManagementSampath GomatamExecutive Vice President Strategic AccountsDoug SmithManaging Director, AmericasDennis Dresser







        © 2017 Anaplan, Inc. All rights reserved.         | 
Privacy policy
 | 
Terms of service




 



















































Adobe Names Three New Members to its Board of Directors



Accessibility











For the complete experience, please enable JavaScript in your browser. Thank you!

 







Products




How to Buy






Learn & Support




About Adobe









 

Creative Cloud





 

Photoshop





 

Illustrator





 

InDesign





 

Premiere Pro





 

After Effects





 

Lightroom





 

See all











See plans for: businesses photographers students









 

Experience Cloud





 

Advertising Cloud





 

Analytics Cloud





 

Marketing Cloud





 

See all solutions for enterprise











Experience Manager Campaign Analytics
Audience Manager









 

Document Cloud





 

Acrobat DC





 

Sign





 

Stock





 

Elements










 

Acrobat Reader DC





 

Adobe Flash Player





 

Adobe AIR





 

Adobe Shockwave Player












All products












 

Creative Cloud










 

Individuals





 

Photographers





 

Students and Teachers





 

Business





 

Schools and Universities










 

Creative Cloud





 

Experience Cloud





 

Document Cloud





 

Stock





 

Elements












All products












 

Get Support



Find answers quickly. Contact us if you need to. Start now >



 

Learn the apps



Get started or learn new ways to work. Learn now >



 

Ask the community



Post questions and get answers from experts. Start now >








Adobe is changing the world through digital experiences. Our creative, marketing and document solutions empower everyone — from emerging artists to global brands — to bring digital creations to life and deliver them to the right person
                    at the right moment for the best results.






 


 About Us

 Newsroom

 Careers At Adobe

 Privacy

 Security



 Corporate Responsibility

 Customer Showcase

 Investor Relations

 Events

 Contact Us




























Home 
 Company 

Press releases 

Adobe 
Names Three New Members to its Board of Directors

For immediate release

SAN JOSE, Calif. — May 14, 2012 — Adobe Systems Incorporated (Nasdaq: ADBE) today announced the expansion of its board of directors from nine members to 12, and the addition of three new board members, effective May 14, 2012. 
Joining Adobe’s board are: 

Amy Banse, managing director and head of funds for Comcast Ventures and senior vice president of Comcast Corporation, one of the world’s leading media, entertainment and communications companies; 
Frank Calderoni, executive vice president and chief financial officer of Cisco, a worldwide leader in networking that transforms how people connect, communicate and collaborate; and

Laura Desmond, global chief executive officer of Starcom MediaVest Group, one of the largest brand communications groups in the world.


“We are pleased to welcome three individuals of this caliber to our board of directors,” said John Warnock and Chuck Geschke, co-chairmen of the board, Adobe. “Amy Banse, Frank Calderoni and Laura Desmond bring deep expertise in media and technology to our 
										  board, which are critical to our mission of being the category leader in digital media and digital marketing.” 
Amy Banse 
Amy Banse serves as managing director and head of funds, Comcast Ventures and senior vice president, Comcast Corporation. Prior to this role, she was president of Comcast Interactive Media (CIM), a division of Comcast responsible for developing Comcast’s online strategy and operating Comcast’s digital properties, including Fandango, Xfinity.com and Xfinitytv.com. Banse joined Comcast in 1991 and spent the early part of her career at Comcast overseeing the development of Comcast's cable network portfolio. She received a bachelor of arts degree from Harvard and a juris doctor from Temple University School of Law. 
Frank Calderoni 
Frank Calderoni serves as executive vice president and chief financial officer at Cisco, managing the company’s financial strategy and operations. Calderoni joined Cisco in 2004 from QLogic Corporation, a storage networking company where he was senior vice president and chief financial officer. Prior to that, he was senior vice president, Finance and Administration and chief financial officer for SanDisk Corporation, a flash data storage company. Before joining SanDisk, Calderoni spent 21 years at IBM, where he became vice president and held controller responsibilities for several divisions within the company. Calderoni holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting and finance from Fordham University and a master of business administration in finance from Pace University. 
Laura Desmond
Laura Desmond is the global chief executive officer of Starcom MediaVest Group (SMG), a global marketing services company which is part of the Publicis Groupe.  She is also a member of the Publicis Groupe P12, an executive committee comprised of the company's top global leaders.  Prior to her appointment as global chief executive officer in 2008, Desmond was chief executive officer of SMG — The Americas from 2007 to 2008 where she managed a network spanning the United States, Canada and Latin America. She was chief executive officer of MediaVest, based in New York, from 2003 to 2007, and from 2000 to 2002 she was chief executive officer of SMG’s Latin America group. In addition to Adobe, Desmond also serves on the board of directors of VivaKi, which is part of Publicis Groupe, and oversees SMG, as well as ZenithOptimedia, Digitas and Razorfish.  She holds a bachelor of business administration in marketing from the University of Iowa. 
About Adobe Systems Incorporated
                                      Adobe is changing the world through digital experiences. For more information, visit www.adobe.com.  
 

Back to top 

											###										
© 2012 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All rights reserved. Adobe and the Adobe logo are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and/or other countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
 
 









Download
Printable version

View or download a printable version of this article. (PDF: 48k ) 
Contacts
Public Relations ContactJodi Sorensen
										  408-536-2084
jsorensen@adobe.com
Investor Relations Contact
									    Mike Saviage
									    408-536-4416
ir@adobe.com













MEDIA RESOURCES
Press contacts
B-roll and images
Industry analyst reports
Investor Relations
Permissions and trademark guidelines
Customer support
Sponsorship requests
ABOUT ADOBE
Company overview
Fast facts
Corporate Social Responsibility
Customer Showcase
Events






 



 Choose your region United States (Change)   Products   Downloads   Learn & Support   Company


 Choose your region Close 


Americas


Europe, Middle East and Africa


Asia Pacific



Brasil
Canada - English
Canada - Français
Latinoamérica
México
United States




Africa - English
Österreich - Deutsch
Belgium - English
Belgique - Français
België - Nederlands
България
Hrvatska
Cyprus - English
Česká republika
Danmark
Eesti
Suomi
France
Deutschland
Greece - English
Magyarország
Ireland
Israel - English
ישראל - עברית
Italia
Latvija
Lietuva
Luxembourg - Deutsch
Luxembourg - English
Luxembourg - Français
Malta - English
الشرق الأوسط وشمال أفريقيا - اللغة العربية
Middle East and North Africa - English
Moyen-Orient et Afrique du Nord - Français




Nederland
Norge
Polska
Portugal
România
Россия
Srbija
Slovensko
Slovenija
España
Sverige
Schweiz - Deutsch
Suisse - Français
Svizzera - Italiano
Türkiye
Україна
United Kingdom




Australia
中国
中國香港特別行政區
Hong Kong S.A.R. of China
India - English
日本
한국
New Zealand
Southeast Asia (Includes Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, and Vietnam) - English
台灣

Commonwealth of Independent States

Includes Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Georgia, Moldova, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Ukraine, Uzbekistan













Copyright © 2017 Adobe Systems Incorporated.  All rights reserved.
Terms of Use | Privacy | Cookies
AdChoices



























Frank A. Calderoni - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Frank A. Calderoni
Board Member at Adobe


View Full Profile
Are you Frank A. Calderoni? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Frank A. Calderoni's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Frank A. Calderoni's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Frank A. Calderoni's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Frank A. Calderoni through your network of contacts.
												








Frank A. Calderoni's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Adobe


Board Member, 
Palo Alto Networks, Inc.


Board Member, 
Nimble Storage, Inc.


Past
To view Frank A. Calderoni's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
59

 
 


Frank A. Calderoni's Biography



Mr. Calderoni currently serves as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Anaplan, a planning and performance management platform provider. Prior to joining Anaplan in January 2017, he served as Executive Vice President, Operations and Chief Financial Officer at Red Hat from June 2015 to December 2016. Until June 2015, he was an Executive Advisor at Cisco, a designer, manufacturer and seller of IP-based networking and other products related to the communications and information technology industry. From 2008 to January 2015, Mr. Calderoni served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Cisco, managing the company's fina ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Calderoni currently serves as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Anaplan, a planning and performance management platform provider. Prior to joining Anaplan in January 2017, he served as Executive Vice President, Operations and Chief Financial Officer at Red Hat from June 2015 to December 2016. Until June 2015, he was an Executive Advisor at Cisco, a designer, manufacturer and seller of IP-based networking and other products related to the communications and information technology industry. From 2008 to January 2015, Mr. Calderoni served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Cisco, managing the company's financial strategy and operations. He joined Cisco in 2004 from QLogic Corporation, a storage networking company where he was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to that, he was Senior Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer for SanDisk Corporation, a flash data storage company. Before joining SanDisk, Mr. Calderoni spent 21 years at IBM, a global services, software and systems company, where he became Vice President and held controller responsibilities for several divisions within the company. Mr. Calderoni currently serves on the boards of Nimble Storage, Palo Alto Networks, and Anaplan. Mr. Calderoni holds a B.S. in Accounting and Finance from Fordham University and an M.B.A. in Finance from Pace University.



As a result of his position at Anaplan, as well as his past service as chief financial officer of publicly traded global technology companies, Mr. Calderoni brings to the Board abundant financial expertise that includes extensive knowledge of the complex financial and operational issues facing large global companies, and a deep understanding of accounting principles and financial reporting rules and regulations. He provides the Board and Audit Committee with significant insight into the preparation of financial statements and knowledge of audit procedures. Through his senior executive positions, Mr. Calderoni has demonstrated his global leadership and business acumen.
		
Source: Adobe on 03/03/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Frank A. Calderoni's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Frank A. Calderoni. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Frank A. Calderoni's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Frank A. Calderoni's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Frank A. Calderoni through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Frank A. Calderoni


















Frank A. Calderoni's Connections (128)





Sign up now to view Frank A. Calderoni's 128 connections »









Matthew A. Thompson
Executive Vice President, Worldwide Field Operations, Adobe









Catherine P. Lego
Board Member, Lam Research Corporation









Laura B. Desmond
Board Member, Adobe









John M. Donovan
Chief Strategy Officer and Group President, AT&T Technology and Operations, AT&T Inc.









David Wadhwani
Board Member, AppDynamics, Inc.









Sanjay Mehrotra
Board Member, Cavium, Inc.









Daniel L. Rosensweig
President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, Chegg









Robert K. Burgess
Board Member, Adobe









Marc Benioff
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Salesforce









Jerry M. Kennelly
Board Member, Nimble Storage, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















        Cisco CFO Frank Calderoni: Making Customers the Center of Strategy - CFO Journal. - WSJ
    



















































































































DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY








News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services.

DOW JONES

Barron's
BigCharts
DJX
Dow Jones Newswires
Factiva
Financial News
Mansion Global
MarketWatch


Newsmart
NewsPlus
Private Markets
Risk & Compliance
WSJ.com
WSJ Pro
WSJ Conference
WSJ Video



NEWS CORP

Big Decisions
Business Spectator
Checkout51
Harper Collins
New York Post
PropTiger
REA


realtor.com
Storyful
The Australian
The Sun
The Times













DJIA
▲

21580.07
-0.15%



 


S&P 500
▲

2472.54
-0.04%



 


Nasdaq
▲

6387.75
-0.04%



 


U.S. 10 Yr
▲

7/32 yield
2.237%



 


Crude Oil
▲

45.60
-2.81%



 


Euro
▲

1.1665
0.29%



 











Subscribe Now
Sign In





The Wall Street Journal




Sections



                    My Journal
                    
                  





Home


World


U.S.


Politics


Economy


Business


Tech


Markets


Opinion


Arts


Life


Real Estate


Today's Paper


SHOW ALL SECTIONS
HIDE ALL SECTIONS




World Home


Africa
Asia
Canada
China
Europe
Latin America
Middle East


Economy


World Video




U.S. Home


Economy
Law
New York
Politics


Real Time Economics
Washington Wire


Journal Report
U.S. Video
What's News Podcast




Politics Home


Washington Wire


Politics Video
WSJ/NBC News Poll




Economy Home


Real Time Economics


Economic Forecasting Survey
Economy Video




Business Home


Management
Tech/WSJ.D


Aerospace & Defense
Autos & Transportation
Commercial Real Estate
Consumer Products
Energy
Entrepreneurship
Financial Services
Food & Services
Health Care
Hospitality
Law
Manufacturing
Media & Marketing
Natural Resources
Retail


CFO Journal
CIO Journal
CMO Today
Logistics Report
Risk & Compliance


Heard on the Street


Business Video
Journal Report
Business Podcast




Tech Home


CIO Journal


Geoffrey Fowler
Christopher Mims
Joanna Stern
Li Yuan


Billion Dollar Startup Club
Tech Video
Tech Podcast
Startup Stock Trader




Markets Home


Bonds
Commercial Real Estate
Commodities & Futures
Currencies
Deals
Financial Services
Funds
Stocks
Your Money


Heard on the Street
MoneyBeat
Wealth Adviser
Ahead of the Tape


CFO Journal
Journal Report
Market Data
Markets Video
Markets Podcast
MoneyBeat Podcast
Watching Your Wealth Podcast




Opinion Home


James Freeman
William A. Galston
Daniel Henninger
Holman W. Jenkins
William McGurn
Peggy Noonan
Mary Anastasia O'Grady
Jason Riley
Kimberley A. Strassel


Books
Film
Television
Theater
Art
Masterpiece Series
Music
Dance
Opera
Exhibition
Cultural Commentary


Editorials
Commentary
Letters to the Editor
The Weekend Interview
Potomac Watch Podcast
Foreign Edition Podcast
Opinion Video
Notable & Quotable
Best of the Web Newsletter
Morning Editorial Report Newsletter




Arts Home


Books
Film
Television
Theater
Art
Masterpiece Series


Arts Video
WSJ. Magazine




Life Home


Careers
Cars
Food & Drink
Health
Ideas
Real Estate
Science
Sports
Style & Fashion
Travel


Life Video
WSJ. Magazine
WSJ Puzzles
The Future of Everything




Real Estate Home


Commercial Real Estate
House of the Day
Mansion


Real Estate Video





HIDE ALL SECTIONS





Aim higher, reach further.

                Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks.
                Subscribe Now


Sign In


Reveal Navigation Options



Subscribe
Sign In






CFO Journal.


Deloitte
CFO insight and analysis written and compiled by Deloitte

CONTENT FROM OUR SPONSOR Please note: The Wall Street Journal News Department was not involved in the creation of the content below.




More Deloitte Insights Articles
















                                Federal Technically Speaking: SFFAS No. 50, Establishing New Opening Balances for General Property, Plant, and Equipment
                              











                                Confronting Eight Drivers of Misconduct in Financial Services
                              











                                Managing Risk in an Age of Social Media
                              











                                Execution Risk: Stepping Over 12 Common Hurdles
                              











                                HSAs Can Help Offset Future Health Costs, But Funding Can Be a Struggle
                              











                                Digital Finance: Why (and How) Robots Are Joining the Team
                              











                                China Spotlight: How CFOs Can Address Capital Repatriation Challenges
                              











                                Federal CFO: Artificial Intelligence in Government
                              











                                Global Expansion and Revenue Recognition Challenges
                              











                                How Cloud-based ERP May Help Solve Common M&amp;A Challenges
                              











                                Leading International Growth: Charles Holley, CFO-in-Residence
                              











                                Red, Yellow, Green: Building a Strong Team During a Transition
                              











                                PCAOB Adopts Changes to the Auditor’s Report
                              











                                Capital Allocation Decisions: Bringing the Board of Directors on Board
                              











                                Cyber Insurance: Understand the Potential &#8216;Trapdoors&#8217;
                              











                                Managing Risk in an Era of High-velocity Disruption
                              











                                Stressed Out? How Business Chemistry Can Help You and Your Team
                              











                                IPO Readiness: Five Questions to Ask When Preparing to Go Public
                              











                                CFOs Remain Optimistic, with a Focus on Offense Over Defense: CFO Signals
                              











                                Political Fireworks of Health Reform May Be Nearing a Crescendo
                              














CFO insight and analysis written and compiled by Deloitte
CONTENT FROM OUR SPONSOR
Please note: The Wall Street Journal News Department was not involved in the creation of the content below.

















Text Size
Regular
Medium
Large





Google+
                      

Print









Cisco CFO Frank Calderoni: Making Customers the Center of Strategy







For CFOs looking to become more involved in strategy, a good place to start is through customer interactions and adjusting their view long-term, according to Frank Calderoni, EVP and CFO of Cisco Systems, Inc. Mr. Calderoni also discusses how value can be created through the actions of the finance team, in a conversation with Kirsten Rhodes, who serves several Fortune 500 technology and media companies as a director, Strategic Clients, with Deloitte Services LP. Mr. Calderoni, who has been with Cisco for 10 years, will be leaving Cisco at the end of the year to pursue other opportunities.
Kirsten Rhodes: For CFOs who want to play a stronger role in strategy setting, what should they be considering?
Frank Calderoni
Frank Calderoni: It’s important to have the right intelligence on customers and the markets, and know how to work with business partners to meet changing requirements. At Cisco, all executives are required to be a sponsor of multiple customers to understand their needs and requirements over a longer period of time. Another way we connect with customers is through CIO forums, which provide an opportunity to understand what customers are buying and expect to be doing in the longer-term. Those connection points with customers give us insight when we’re considering portfolio investments, and they can be important in understanding our long-term strategy.
Second: To be a part of strategy-setting, CFOs have to be more long-term focused. It’s important to have a framework to focus on the long term, with data that can help you look at how things could play out for the industry, as well as for the company. When taking a long-term strategic view, CFOs also need to understand what tradeoffs might be needed. Analytics can play an important role because they can provide the intelligence into where the customer is going and where the opportunities for the business will be and help support decisions based on those tradeoffs.
Third: CFOs need to be relevant to the business partners and understand the business. You can have the greatest data and the most incredible analysis, but it won’t be heard unless you put the analysis in a business context so that the business partner connects with the information you’re sharing. And, you have to take time to connect with your business partners and develop relationships in order to gain their trust, confidence and respect. Finally, work to have constant engagement with the business partners, be a part of decisions when needed and be very forthright with your opinion.
Kirsten Rhodes: What are some ways CFOs can help improve their contributions to value creation?
Frank Calderoni: One of the more important steps is managing working capital as efficiently as possible. This way the organization has the flexibility to make the kind of investments that will contribute to future value and make the most of current investments. If there’s a part of the portfolio that is not creating value, that should lead finance to question whether to continue, thin out or discontinue. Sometimes CFOs have that broader perspective to take an outside-in view, which can allow them to be a bit more critical, in a positive and a necessary way for the business long term.
The CFO can serve as a catalyst to challenge business partners, ask questions that can help them step back, and look at an issue from a different perspective. Sometimes the questions are not always the ones a business partner is looking for, but if you have the right relationship it can help spark a healthy discussion about the strategy and whether it is aligned with what the investors are looking for in terms of creating value. When there is a limited amount of funding, the CFO can help steer the organization to the opportunities that will bring the most value creation. For example, at Cisco, we’ve been focusing not just on top line growth, but also on overall profitability, with total shareholder return in mind.
Kirsten Rhodes: How has Cisco’s approach to driving working capital performance adapted to changes in strategy and its focus on customers?
Frank Calderoni: We’ve taken steps on both the accounts receivable and procurement side. With respect to our supply chain, we have a lean program that allows our suppliers to hold inventory, and have inventory ready when we need it so we can pull it into the supply chain. This approach makes it much more efficient and effective in getting product to customers in a timely way, and it is a more streamlined process to manage. On the procurement side, we try to ensure that we have reasonable payment terms so that we can leverage the right types of asset efficiency.
We look at the various elements that could impact the efficiency of our working capital and have metrics associated with each to continue to improve working capital performance. The process also enables us to better monitor availability of cash and determine where to invest it. It goes back to the three priorities of investing the cash for shareholder return, investing the cash to make investments organically and then investing the cash for acquisitions, all of which should align to value creation.
Kirsten Rhodes: What can CFOs do to help ensure that they have the funding properly aligned for major initiatives?
Frank Calderoni: The first thing is making sure the right analysis has been done from a strategic standpoint—is the initiative the right fit and is the opportunity for value creation really there? If so, the second issue to consider is what offset might be needed, and how to fund it. Chances are, funding will need to be displaced from somewhere else, so the finance team has to be able to offer suggestions, including finding efficiencies, doing things smarter and being more productive. The third part is to have a plan that allows you to be successful, so you’re not starting something and finding out part of the way through that you can’t meet your objectives. The plan should be a financial plan as well as a business plan so that you can monitor your progress along the way to ensure that the initiative is getting the right attention to meet the planned ROI.
Kirsten Rhodes: Given CFOs’ broadening roles, how can they find time to participate in strategy-setting?
Frank Calderoni: I think it comes back to making time by setting priorities, managing one’s time very closely and delegating. As a CFO, you can always be extremely busy with fiduciary and financial responsibilities because those are endless. Just as the organization overall has to balance time spent on strategy versus operational or tactical matters, so does the CFO. Second, in order to find the balance and the time for strategy, CFOs need to look at how they leverage their team to focus on the fiduciary or accounting side. It comes down to balancing time and making sure that you have the right talent to free up some time for strategy.

Editor’s note: This article is part of an ongoing series of interviews with CFOs and other executives. Mr. Calderoni’s participation in this article is solely for educational purposes based on his knowledge of the subject, and the views expressed by him are solely his own. This article should not be deemed or construed to be for the purpose of soliciting business for Cisco System, Inc., nor does Deloitte advocate or endorse the services or products provided by Cisco Systems.





                  Read more about: 
Management
Strategy



December 16, 2014, 12:01 am
Questions? Write to DeloitteCFOEditor
Follow us on Twitter 
                    @deloittecfo
                    



                  This publication contains general information only and Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries ("Deloitte") are not, by means of this publication, rendering accounting, business, financial, investment, legal, tax or other professional advice or services. This publication is not a substitute for such professional advice or services, nor should it be used as a basis for any decision or action that may affect your business. Before making any decision or taking any action that may affect your business, you should consult a qualified professional advisor. Deloitte shall not be responsible for any loss sustained by any person who relies on this publication.
 Copyright © 2014 Deloitte Development LLC.
                  




Previous
The Value Shift: Why CFOs Should Lead the Charge in the Digital Age


Next
Health Care Current – December 16, 2014
















Text Size
Regular
Medium
Large





Google+
                        

Print









Search CFO Journal.









Market Data





Stocks
2:57 PM ET 07/23/17 



DJIA

-0.15%
-31.71



S&P 500

-0.04%
-0.91



FTSE

-0.47%
-34.96



Nikkei 225

-0.22%
-44.84






Rates
2:57 PM ET 07/23/17 



US 10 Yr

2.237%
7/32



GER 10 Yr

0.507%
0.23



SPN 10 Yr

1.455%
0.329



JPN 10 Yr

0.07%
0.066








Futures
2:57 PM ET 07/23/17 



Oil

-2.81%
-1.32



Gold

0.72%
9



Silver

0.95%
0.155



Copper

0.22%
0.006






FX
2:57 PM ET 07/23/17 



Euro
1.1666

0.29%
0.0034



Yen
111.134

-0.69%
-0.775



Pound
1.2997

0.18%
0.0024



Swiss Frank
0.9456

-0.59%
-0.0056













                  		Related Deloitte Insights
                  	



Execution Risk: Stepping Over 12 Common Hurdles

                          Whether an incoming CFO is charged with improving performance or a sitting finance chief is trying to transform the organization, execution risk looms large. Consider, for example, the risks involved in changing an organization’s business model, expanding globally or even in getting projects that are off the rails back on track. There are three primary drivers of execution risk—availability of critical resources, stakeholder commitment and alignment, and emotional/social resistance—and solving for them begins by understanding their root causes. Learn 12 issues leaders should consider addressing to help deliver successful change initiatives.
                        



Building Strong Relationships with Segment CEOs: Charles Holley, CFO-in-Residence

                          Having a strong relationship with business segment leaders is an important element to being the kind of CFO that CEOs look for to help them drive their vision and execute the organization’s strategy, according to Charles Holley, retired CFO of Walmart. Mr. Holley discusses how finance chiefs can establish that strong relationship by becoming a trusted business partner to segment CEOs, developing an ability to be an adept influencer to guide decisions for both their segments and the enterprise and by serving as the CEO’s enforcer when necessary.
                        



Sysco CFO Joel Grade: Connecting Finance to Customers and the Business

                          Sysco Corp. CFO Joel Grade has held a variety of positions during his 21-year tenure, including stints as president of Sysco Canada and as a regional senior vice president of foodservice operations. Those experiences, he says, have shaped his roll-up-your-sleeves view of finance, and inform his views on how finance can help drive the company’s growth. In this conversation with Tom Bendert, principal with Deloitte Consulting LLP, Mr. Grade discusses how finance supports productivity initiatives, M&A, customer engagement, and other elements of Sysco’s growth strategy.
                        

















                  		Views & Analysis
                  	



Four Ways CFOs Can Avoid a Digital Talent Crunch

                          Technology is redefining how work gets done, both in the back office and in frontline operations. While the rapid growth of digital technologies creates new opportunities for finance, it also creates the potential for a digital divide: If members of the finance team lack the necessary skillsets and business acumen, they may not be able to make the most of these new digital capabilities.  Learn how CFOs can help their organization advance its digital efforts by focusing on leadership, culture, skills development and engagement.
                        



Keeping Finance Talent Relevant to Changing Needs: Charles Holley, CFO-in-Residence

                          It’s no secret that talent is key to a CFO’s success, yet talent is a perennial top challenge for CFOs. That’s partly due to the continually changing definition of what it means to have a talented finance team, says Charles Holley, an independent senior advisor to Deloitte. Drawing on his extensive leadership experiences, he explains how to identify, recruit and develop the people best suited for the fast-changing demands of finance. The key, he says, is finding the best athletes and keeping their capabilities relevant and aligned to the needs of the business.
                        



FP&A: Why Talent Counts and What CFOs Can Do to Improve It

                          To elevate the strategic contribution that a finance organization’s FP&A team can make, CFOs should focus on developing the team’s technical, professional and leadership competencies. Specifically, they can use a four-part model that provides opportunities to gain education and experience with exposure to key decision-makers and the expectation that FP&A will function more strategically. Rotating talent from FP&A into the business and back again can also help team members acquire both a broader understanding of the organization and the specialized knowledge that can make this function integral to the organization’s success.
                        









                  		Editor's Choice
                  	



Leading Business Transformation at the Speed of Tech: Kelly Kramer, Cisco CFO

                          Leading a major business transformation from the CFO seat takes strategic vision, a close partnership with the CEO and business leaders, and a finance team with a change-agent mentality, according to Kelly Kramer, CFO of Cisco Systems, Inc. She talks about her role leading Cisco’s business transformation and driving innovation and growth through finance with Kirsten Rhodes, managing director, Deloitte Services LP.  Ms. Kramer also discusses how she’s developing finance talent and the importance of a strong finance-IT relationship.
                        



New Market Dynamics Bring Change to CFO Searches

                          The disruption characterizing the business climate appears to be spilling into the CFO job market, impacting what companies seek in their next CFO and how they conduct their searches, according to Jenna Fisher, who leads the Global Corporate Officers Sector at executive search firm Russell Reynolds Associates. She discusses a host of recent trends she is seeing in CFO searches, including rising interest in “best athlete” candidates and those with global- and strategy-setting experience, a decrease in internal CFO promotions and an increase in confidential searches.
                        



China Spotlight: How CFOs Can Monitor and Mitigate Directional Shifts in China’s Currency—An Update

                          Changing dynamics in China’s currency policy and market volatility continue to add to uncertainty on the direction of the renminbi (RMB), something CFOs of multinational companies operating in China should consider monitoring more closely. George Warnock, Americas leader of the Deloitte Chinese Services Group, and Ken DeWoskin, independent senior advisor to the group, discuss how China’s equity market turbulence could impact the RMB and steps CFOs can take to monitor the currency’s direction and help mitigate the effect of a significant shift.
                        







              		About Deloitte Insights
              	

Deloitte’s Insights for CFOs provides financial executives a customized resource to help them address the strategic, operational and regulatory issues they face in managing their finance organizations and careers, with top-line digests, research, perspectives and technical analyses.


































































































Palo Alto Networks Appoints Frank Calderoni to Board of Directors - Palo Alto Networks

Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds.










Go Home


Home


Blog


Support


Live





Get Support








EN


ENGLISH (ENGLISH)


FRENCH (FRANÇAIS)


GERMAN (DEUTSCH)


ITALIAN (ITALIANO)


JAPANESE (日本語)


KOREAN (한국어)


PORTUGUESE - BR (PORTUGUÉS)


SIMPLIFIED CHINESE (简体中文)


SPANISH (ESPAÑOL)




MENU









MENU






Go Home


Home


Blog


Support


Live






What We Do


Products


Services


Resources


Partners


Company







Get Support

EN [change]








All


Blog


Resources


Live Community


Tech Docs




Go
















Palo Alto Networks Appoints Frank Calderoni to Board of Directors


















Palo Alto Networks

Santa Clara, CA
Feb 25, 2016 at 01:03 PM



 SANTA CLARA, Calif. – February 25, 2016 – Palo Alto Networks® (NYSE: PANW), the next-generation security company, today announced the appointment of Frank Calderoni to the company’s board of directors. He also will be joining the board’s audit committee.
Mr. Calderoni brings more than 30 years of strategic business insight and technology experience. Since June 2015, he has served as executive vice president, operations and CFO of Red Hat Inc. From May 2004 to January 2015, he held various positions at Cisco Systems Inc., including executive vice president and CFO. Mr. Calderoni also held executive positions at QLogic Corp., SanDisk Corp. and IBM Corp. over a number of years. In addition to his newest appointment to the Palo Alto Networks board of directors, he currently serves on the boards of Adobe Systems Incorporated and Nimble Storage Inc.
 
QUOTES

“Frank Calderoni is a recognized authority on financial planning and strategy, and his expertise will be a welcome addition to our board of directors. His counsel will help us as we rapidly take market share and establish ourselves as a market leader.”
– Mark McLaughlin, chairman, president and CEO, Palo Alto Networks




“Palo Alto Networks has experienced unprecedented growth in the cybersecurity industry and now stands as a top company in the enterprise security market. I am honored to be joining the board of directors, and I look forward to contributing to the team.”
– Frank Calderoni, board member, Palo Alto Networks



 
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, including statements regarding our ability to grow our company and increase our market share. There are a significant number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from statements made in this press release, including: our limited operating history; risks associated with managing our rapid growth, particularly outside of the United States; our limited experience with new product introductions and the risks associated with new products, including software bugs; the failure to timely develop and achieve market acceptance of new products as well as existing products and services; rapidly evolving technological developments in the market for network security products; and general market, political, economic and business conditions.
Additional risks and uncertainties that could affect our financial results are included under the captions “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 24, 2015, which is available on our website at investors.paloaltonetworks.com and on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Additional information will also be set forth in other filings that we make with the SEC from time to time. All forward-looking statements in this press release are based on information available to us as of the date hereof, and we do not assume any obligation to update the forward-looking statements provided to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they were made.
 
About Palo Alto Networks
Palo Alto Networks is the next-generation security company, leading a new era in cybersecurity by safely enabling applications and preventing cyber breaches for tens of thousands of organizations worldwide. Built with an innovative approach and highly differentiated cyberthreat prevention capabilities, our game-changing security platform delivers security far superior to legacy or point products, safely enables daily business operations, and protects an organization’s most valuable assets. Find out more at www.paloaltonetworks.com.
Palo Alto Networks and the Palo Alto Networks logo are trademarks of Palo Alto Networks, Inc. in the United States and in jurisdictions throughout the world. All other trademarks, trade names or service marks used or mentioned herein belong to their respective owners.
 
Media Contacts:
Jennifer Jasper Smith
Head of Corporate Communications
Palo Alto Networks
408-638-3280
jjsmith@paloaltonetworks.com
 























 















Datasheet







Product Summary Specsheet 

Key features, performance capacities and specifications for all Palo Alto Networks firewalls.


May 4, 2017






47


 124289











Datasheet







PA-800 Series Datasheet

Palo Alto Networks PA-800 Series next-generation firewall appliances are designed to secure enterprise branch offices and midsized businesses.

April 26, 2017






2


 24872











Datasheet







PA-220 Datasheet

Palo Alto Networks PA-220 brings next-generation firewall capabilities to distributed enterprise branch offices and retail locations.

April 26, 2017






4


 21908











Datasheet







PA-5200 Series Datasheet

Key features, performance capacities and specifications for our PA-5200 Series.


February 7, 2017






0


 23164











Datasheet







PA-3000 Series Specsheet

Key features, performance capacities and specifications of the Palo Alto Networks PA-3000 Series.

April 5, 2016






13


 61813











Datasheet







Firewall Feature Overview Datasheet

This datasheet provides a comprehensive overview of the critical PAN-OS features that power all next-generation firewalls from Palo Alto Networks.

June 9, 2014






12


 53252



















































 



 Anaplan Appoints Frank Calderoni as Chief Executive Officer 






        










    










 













 











 



















Anaplan Appoints Frank Calderoni as Chief Executive Officer
        																											
																																													
																																																											
																												
																											
																																																											
																																																							
																																																							
																																																												
																																																						
	

		 English
	 


  Deutschland  - Deutsch
  France  - Français
  Brazil  - Português
  Latin America  - español
  España  - español



















 News provided by
Anaplan  
Jan 10, 2017, 08:30 ET









 Share this article




























































Veteran Software Leader Brings Outstanding Record of Success at Major Technology Firms
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan.10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Anaplan, a leading planning and performance management platform, today announced that it has appointed technology industry veteran Frank Calderoni as its new President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO), effective January 23, 2017. Calderoni, a longtime senior software executive, will focus on continued, rapid growth to lead Anaplan into the next phase of its development. 








"We are excited to welcome Frank Calderoni as the new President and CEO of Anaplan. Frank is a leader who has contributed to the success of some of the technology industry's most respected firms. Over his career, Frank has earned a reputation as an influential and strategic executive, and we have tremendous confidence Frank will be an outstanding leader for Anaplan's customers, employees and partners," stated Standish O'Grady, Anaplan board member.
Calderoni comes to Anaplan from Red Hat, Inc., where he was Executive Vice President of Operations and Chief Financial Officer (CFO). He previously served 11 years at Cisco Systems, Inc., including seven years as Executive Vice President and CFO. During this tenure, Cisco grew from approximately $22 billion to $47 billion in revenue and doubled its annual earnings per share. Calderoni's other technology industry posts have included Senior Vice President and CFO at both QLogic and SanDisk, and Vice President at IBM.
"I am honored to become the President and CEO of Anaplan, as we are at the forefront of an exciting and fast-growing industry. I believe Anaplan will quickly emerge as one of the best-known names in business software, as there is tremendous growth potential in performance management platforms," said Calderoni. "I am excited to work together with our talented employees in servicing our customers to help them innovate as smart businesses."
About AnaplanAnaplan is a leading planning and performance management platform for smart businesses. Anaplan delivers an unrivaled planning and modeling engine, predictive analytics, collaboration in the cloud, and a simple interface for end users. Anaplan is a privately held company headquartered in San Francisco, CA, with offices in 16 countries. To learn more, visit anaplan.com. Follow us on: Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, and Facebook. 
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/anaplan-appoints-frank-calderoni-as-chief-executive-officer-300388319.html
SOURCE Anaplan
 Related Links

http://anaplan.com



 

















Jan 10, 2017, 11:23 ET
Preview: Anaplan indica Frank Calderoni como diretor executivo















Dec 13, 2016, 09:01 ET
Preview: Anaplan es pionera en el mercado con una solución de Gestión del Ciclo de Vida de Aplicaciones en el espacio de gestión del rendimiento empresario en la nube






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











Jul 13, 2017, 17:08 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Anaplan Named to Forbes 2017 Cloud 100 List








 











Jun 30, 2017, 12:25 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Anaplan named a Leader in the 2017 Gartner Magic Quadrant for...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Computer Electronics
  Computer Software
  Banking & Financial Services
Personnel Announcements








 You just read:
Anaplan Appoints Frank Calderoni as Chief Executive Officer


 News provided by
Anaplan  
Jan 10, 2017, 08:30 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 





WebEx - Wikipedia





















 






WebEx

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Cisco WebEx)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article's lead section may not adequately summarize key points of its contents. Please consider expanding the lead to provide an accessible overview of all important aspects of the article. Please discuss this issue on the article's talk page. (January 2012)







This article relies too much on references to primary sources. Please improve this by adding secondary or tertiary sources. (January 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Cisco WebEx


Type

Subsidiary


Industry
Telecommunications software and services


Genre
Web conferencing


Founded
February 1995


Headquarters
Milpitas, California (United States)



Key people

John Chambers (CEO) Frank Calderoni (CFO) Mark Chandler (CCO) Blair Christie (CMO)


Products
WebEx Meeting Center, WebEx Training Center, WebEx Support Center, WebEx Event Center, WebEx Sales Center, WebEx Enterprise Edition, WebEx Connect


Revenue
$US 380 Million (2006)



Number of employees

10,000+ (2015)


Parent
Cisco Systems


Website
www.webex.com


Cisco WebEx, formerly WebEx Communications Inc. is a company that provides on-demand collaboration, online meeting, web conferencing and videoconferencing applications. Its products include Meeting Center, Training Center, Event Center, Support Center, Sales Center, MeetMeNow, PCNow, WebEx AIM Pro Business Edition, WebEx WebOffice, and WebEx Connect. All WebEx products are part of the Cisco collaboration portfolio. All Cisco WebEx products are offered by Cisco Systems Inc.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Securities
1.2 Cisco acquisition


2 Services
3 Legal proceedings and inquiries

3.1 Goldman Sachs securities fraud investigation
3.2 Raindance lawsuit for patent infringement


4 See also
5 References
6 External links



History[edit]




WebEx logo used by WebEx as an independent company


Subrah Iyar and Min Zhu founded WebEx in 1996[1] under the name ActiveTouch.[2][verification needed] Zhu had co-founded Future Labs (one of the first companies to produce multi-point document-collaboration software) in 1991.[3] Zhu met Iyar, then a vice-president and general manager of Quarterdeck, when Quarterdeck acquired Future Labs in 1996. Iyar became president of Future Labs, which had become a Quarterdeck subsidiary, and the same year Iyar and Zhu went on to co-found WebEx. On March 15, 2007, Cisco Systems announced it would acquire WebEx for $3.2 billion.[4]
David Thompson, the first vice-president of marketing at Activetouch, coined the name "WebEx" in late 1998 as the company transitioned from its original software business-model to relaunch as a SaaS company in 1999.[citation needed] Traveling Software, which changed its name in September 1999 to LapLink Software Inc.,[5] originally owned a software product called WebEx, which shipped to the public in June 1996. The LapLink product called WebEx was a utility to be run as a companion to be used for offline web-browsing, a feature subsequently integrated within most commercial modern-day Web browsers.[6]
Traveling Software registered the WebEx trademark in May 1996.[7] In 1999, after the original founder of LapLink returned as CEO, Traveling Software/LapLink.com sold the rights to the WebEx name to the company known as WebEx.[8]
Securities[edit]
Before the purchase by Cisco, WebEx featured in the NASDAQ Global Select Market.[9]
Cisco acquisition[edit]
On March 15, 2007, Cisco Systems announced that it had agreed to pay $57 per share to acquire WebEx. The deal valued WebEx at about $3.2 billion, or $2.9 billion with WebEx's cash reserves factored into the price. WebEx's largest stockholder was Jan Baan with 9% of outstanding shares. In a press release Cisco said WebEx would "become a part of Cisco's Development Organization while maintaining its unique business model".[10] Cisco has also said that its long-term plan is to absorb WebEx at both a technology and a sales level.[11]
Unlike WiZiQ or Moodle, WebEx is not a free platform, and fees are paid per "host" of a classroom or a meeting. Some organizations, however, have started to integrate WebEx with Moodle.[12][13]
Services[edit]
At the time of the acquisition, all WebEx applications were built on the MediaTone platform and supported by the WebEx MediaTone Network (originally called the WebEx interactive network),[14] a global network intended for use with on-demand programs. The network was designed by Shaun Bryant, WebEx's Chief Network Architect,[15] and Zaid Ali Sr, Network Architect, to be one of the first SaaS platforms on the internet.
The company acquired Intranets.com in 2005, providing entrance into the small- and mid-size business market through the company's customer base of businesses with fewer than 100 employees. It acquired the ability to offer online collaboration tools such as discussion forums, document sharing and calendaring while Intranets.com provided access to the WebEx communications environment for its customers.[16]
On February 21, 2006, AOL and WebEx announced plans to launch a business version of AOL's instant-messaging software, AIM Pro, with additional features to help workers collaborate using conferencing tools offered by WebEx.
On September 26, 2006, the company announced plans to offer a web collaboration "mashup" platform called "WebEx Connect".[17]
On November 17, 2014, Cisco announced an evolution of WebEx called Project Squared.[18]
As of August 5, 2015 WebEx will no longer work with Windows XP.
Legal proceedings and inquiries[edit]
Goldman Sachs securities fraud investigation[edit]
As a result of a securities fraud investigation initiated by the SEC and by various state Attorney General offices, Goldman Sachs faced charges of issuing unfair research, including coverage of WebEx, and IPO violations for the period 1999 to 2001. WebEx management allegedly dictated to Goldman Sachs analysts what the research should and should not include. WebEx maintains the management's information was accurate.[19] Another charge accuses Goldman Sachs of violating securities law in its allocation of shares in WebEx's initial public offering.[20]
Raindance lawsuit for patent infringement[edit]
On September 27, 2005, WebEx sued Raindance Communications, Inc., a competitor, for patent infringement. On October 14, 2005, Raindance filed a countersuit against WebEx for patent infringement. Both parties sought both damages and an injunction enjoining further acts they claim to be infringing on patents.[21] On March 31, 2006, the parties agreed to the dismissal of both actions, releases of claims for past infringement, payments associated with those releases, and cross-licenses to each other's patents. The agreement resulted in WebEx receiving $1.0 million from Raindance.[21]
See also[edit]

Comparison of web conferencing software
Comparison of remote desktop software
Collaborative software

References[edit]


^ "About WebEx". Cisco webex. Cisco. Retrieved July 7, 2010. When WebEx was founded in 1996 by Alessandro Capper, emerging digital communications standards [...] led to the development of video conferencing [...] 
^ http://www.activetouch.com
^ Flannery, Russell. Forbes "Rice Fields Yield Internet Riches" November 4, 2004
^ Trask, Amy (October 14, 2002). "File Bothell's LapLink under 'S' for survivor". The Seattle Times. 
^ Trask, Amy (October 14, 2002). "File Bothell's LapLink under 'S' for survivor". The Seattle Times. 
^ http://www.allbusiness.com/technology/software-services-applications/7237951-1.html. Retrieved July 31, 2010.  Missing or empty |title= (help)[dead link]
^ Trademark Status & Document Retrieval at uspto.gov
^ Trask, Amy (October 14, 2002). "File Bothell's LapLink under 'S' for survivor". The Seattle Times. Another product, WebEx, was the first offline browser and was developed by a California startup LapLink purchased in 1996. But when offline browsing became an issue in the browser wars between Microsoft and Netscape Communications, WebEx was caught in the middle. [...] LapLink dropped the product and sold the name. 
^ WebEx Selected for New NASDAQ Global Select Market WebEx press release June 27, 2006.
^ http://investor.cisco.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=81192&p=irol-newsArticle&ID=974299. Retrieved March 16, 2007.  Missing or empty |title= (help)[dead link]
^ Cisco outlines WebEx integration plans – March 15, 2007 – IT Week
^ Moodle WebEx integration .
^ WebEx Moodle Integration plugin.
^ Cisco DevNet. Developer.webex.com. Retrieved on 2014-02-27.
^ http://entreprise.jigsaw.com/id70704_d80/webex_communications_inc_it_is_business_contacts.xhtml
^ Solhein, Shelley (August 8, 2005). "WebEx tools get Intranets infusion". eweek.
^ WebEx is expanding from connecting people to connecting process and applications in real time.
^ https://techcrunch.com/2014/11/17/ciscos-new-project-squared-collaboration-tool-gives-webex-a-run-for-its-money
^ SEC Litigation Complaint 18113
^ SEC Litigation press release for complaint 19051
^ a b WEBEX COMMUNICATIONS INC 10-Q


External links[edit]

Official website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=WebEx&oldid=788261040"					
Categories: Web conferencingCisco softwareRemote administration softwareVideotelephonySoftware companies based in the San Francisco Bay AreaCompanies based in Santa Clara, CaliforniaInternet properties established in 1995Software companies established in 1995Telecommunications companies established in 19951995 establishments in CaliforniaCisco Systems acquisitionsHidden categories: Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2016Wikipedia introduction cleanup from January 2012All pages needing cleanupArticles covered by WikiProject Wikify from January 2012All articles covered by WikiProject WikifyArticles lacking reliable references from January 2012All articles lacking reliable referencesUse mdy dates from January 2012All pages needing factual verificationWikipedia articles needing factual verification from July 2010All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


فارسیFrançaisPortuguêsRomână中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 30 June 2017, at 12:32.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









WebEx - Wikipedia





















 






WebEx

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Cisco WebEx)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article's lead section may not adequately summarize key points of its contents. Please consider expanding the lead to provide an accessible overview of all important aspects of the article. Please discuss this issue on the article's talk page. (January 2012)







This article relies too much on references to primary sources. Please improve this by adding secondary or tertiary sources. (January 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Cisco WebEx


Type

Subsidiary


Industry
Telecommunications software and services


Genre
Web conferencing


Founded
February 1995


Headquarters
Milpitas, California (United States)



Key people

John Chambers (CEO) Frank Calderoni (CFO) Mark Chandler (CCO) Blair Christie (CMO)


Products
WebEx Meeting Center, WebEx Training Center, WebEx Support Center, WebEx Event Center, WebEx Sales Center, WebEx Enterprise Edition, WebEx Connect


Revenue
$US 380 Million (2006)



Number of employees

10,000+ (2015)


Parent
Cisco Systems


Website
www.webex.com


Cisco WebEx, formerly WebEx Communications Inc. is a company that provides on-demand collaboration, online meeting, web conferencing and videoconferencing applications. Its products include Meeting Center, Training Center, Event Center, Support Center, Sales Center, MeetMeNow, PCNow, WebEx AIM Pro Business Edition, WebEx WebOffice, and WebEx Connect. All WebEx products are part of the Cisco collaboration portfolio. All Cisco WebEx products are offered by Cisco Systems Inc.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Securities
1.2 Cisco acquisition


2 Services
3 Legal proceedings and inquiries

3.1 Goldman Sachs securities fraud investigation
3.2 Raindance lawsuit for patent infringement


4 See also
5 References
6 External links



History[edit]




WebEx logo used by WebEx as an independent company


Subrah Iyar and Min Zhu founded WebEx in 1996[1] under the name ActiveTouch.[2][verification needed] Zhu had co-founded Future Labs (one of the first companies to produce multi-point document-collaboration software) in 1991.[3] Zhu met Iyar, then a vice-president and general manager of Quarterdeck, when Quarterdeck acquired Future Labs in 1996. Iyar became president of Future Labs, which had become a Quarterdeck subsidiary, and the same year Iyar and Zhu went on to co-found WebEx. On March 15, 2007, Cisco Systems announced it would acquire WebEx for $3.2 billion.[4]
David Thompson, the first vice-president of marketing at Activetouch, coined the name "WebEx" in late 1998 as the company transitioned from its original software business-model to relaunch as a SaaS company in 1999.[citation needed] Traveling Software, which changed its name in September 1999 to LapLink Software Inc.,[5] originally owned a software product called WebEx, which shipped to the public in June 1996. The LapLink product called WebEx was a utility to be run as a companion to be used for offline web-browsing, a feature subsequently integrated within most commercial modern-day Web browsers.[6]
Traveling Software registered the WebEx trademark in May 1996.[7] In 1999, after the original founder of LapLink returned as CEO, Traveling Software/LapLink.com sold the rights to the WebEx name to the company known as WebEx.[8]
Securities[edit]
Before the purchase by Cisco, WebEx featured in the NASDAQ Global Select Market.[9]
Cisco acquisition[edit]
On March 15, 2007, Cisco Systems announced that it had agreed to pay $57 per share to acquire WebEx. The deal valued WebEx at about $3.2 billion, or $2.9 billion with WebEx's cash reserves factored into the price. WebEx's largest stockholder was Jan Baan with 9% of outstanding shares. In a press release Cisco said WebEx would "become a part of Cisco's Development Organization while maintaining its unique business model".[10] Cisco has also said that its long-term plan is to absorb WebEx at both a technology and a sales level.[11]
Unlike WiZiQ or Moodle, WebEx is not a free platform, and fees are paid per "host" of a classroom or a meeting. Some organizations, however, have started to integrate WebEx with Moodle.[12][13]
Services[edit]
At the time of the acquisition, all WebEx applications were built on the MediaTone platform and supported by the WebEx MediaTone Network (originally called the WebEx interactive network),[14] a global network intended for use with on-demand programs. The network was designed by Shaun Bryant, WebEx's Chief Network Architect,[15] and Zaid Ali Sr, Network Architect, to be one of the first SaaS platforms on the internet.
The company acquired Intranets.com in 2005, providing entrance into the small- and mid-size business market through the company's customer base of businesses with fewer than 100 employees. It acquired the ability to offer online collaboration tools such as discussion forums, document sharing and calendaring while Intranets.com provided access to the WebEx communications environment for its customers.[16]
On February 21, 2006, AOL and WebEx announced plans to launch a business version of AOL's instant-messaging software, AIM Pro, with additional features to help workers collaborate using conferencing tools offered by WebEx.
On September 26, 2006, the company announced plans to offer a web collaboration "mashup" platform called "WebEx Connect".[17]
On November 17, 2014, Cisco announced an evolution of WebEx called Project Squared.[18]
As of August 5, 2015 WebEx will no longer work with Windows XP.
Legal proceedings and inquiries[edit]
Goldman Sachs securities fraud investigation[edit]
As a result of a securities fraud investigation initiated by the SEC and by various state Attorney General offices, Goldman Sachs faced charges of issuing unfair research, including coverage of WebEx, and IPO violations for the period 1999 to 2001. WebEx management allegedly dictated to Goldman Sachs analysts what the research should and should not include. WebEx maintains the management's information was accurate.[19] Another charge accuses Goldman Sachs of violating securities law in its allocation of shares in WebEx's initial public offering.[20]
Raindance lawsuit for patent infringement[edit]
On September 27, 2005, WebEx sued Raindance Communications, Inc., a competitor, for patent infringement. On October 14, 2005, Raindance filed a countersuit against WebEx for patent infringement. Both parties sought both damages and an injunction enjoining further acts they claim to be infringing on patents.[21] On March 31, 2006, the parties agreed to the dismissal of both actions, releases of claims for past infringement, payments associated with those releases, and cross-licenses to each other's patents. The agreement resulted in WebEx receiving $1.0 million from Raindance.[21]
See also[edit]

Comparison of web conferencing software
Comparison of remote desktop software
Collaborative software

References[edit]


^ "About WebEx". Cisco webex. Cisco. Retrieved July 7, 2010. When WebEx was founded in 1996 by Alessandro Capper, emerging digital communications standards [...] led to the development of video conferencing [...] 
^ http://www.activetouch.com
^ Flannery, Russell. Forbes "Rice Fields Yield Internet Riches" November 4, 2004
^ Trask, Amy (October 14, 2002). "File Bothell's LapLink under 'S' for survivor". The Seattle Times. 
^ Trask, Amy (October 14, 2002). "File Bothell's LapLink under 'S' for survivor". The Seattle Times. 
^ http://www.allbusiness.com/technology/software-services-applications/7237951-1.html. Retrieved July 31, 2010.  Missing or empty |title= (help)[dead link]
^ Trademark Status & Document Retrieval at uspto.gov
^ Trask, Amy (October 14, 2002). "File Bothell's LapLink under 'S' for survivor". The Seattle Times. Another product, WebEx, was the first offline browser and was developed by a California startup LapLink purchased in 1996. But when offline browsing became an issue in the browser wars between Microsoft and Netscape Communications, WebEx was caught in the middle. [...] LapLink dropped the product and sold the name. 
^ WebEx Selected for New NASDAQ Global Select Market WebEx press release June 27, 2006.
^ http://investor.cisco.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=81192&p=irol-newsArticle&ID=974299. Retrieved March 16, 2007.  Missing or empty |title= (help)[dead link]
^ Cisco outlines WebEx integration plans – March 15, 2007 – IT Week
^ Moodle WebEx integration .
^ WebEx Moodle Integration plugin.
^ Cisco DevNet. Developer.webex.com. Retrieved on 2014-02-27.
^ http://entreprise.jigsaw.com/id70704_d80/webex_communications_inc_it_is_business_contacts.xhtml
^ Solhein, Shelley (August 8, 2005). "WebEx tools get Intranets infusion". eweek.
^ WebEx is expanding from connecting people to connecting process and applications in real time.
^ https://techcrunch.com/2014/11/17/ciscos-new-project-squared-collaboration-tool-gives-webex-a-run-for-its-money
^ SEC Litigation Complaint 18113
^ SEC Litigation press release for complaint 19051
^ a b WEBEX COMMUNICATIONS INC 10-Q


External links[edit]

Official website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=WebEx&oldid=788261040"					
Categories: Web conferencingCisco softwareRemote administration softwareVideotelephonySoftware companies based in the San Francisco Bay AreaCompanies based in Santa Clara, CaliforniaInternet properties established in 1995Software companies established in 1995Telecommunications companies established in 19951995 establishments in CaliforniaCisco Systems acquisitionsHidden categories: Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2016Wikipedia introduction cleanup from January 2012All pages needing cleanupArticles covered by WikiProject Wikify from January 2012All articles covered by WikiProject WikifyArticles lacking reliable references from January 2012All articles lacking reliable referencesUse mdy dates from January 2012All pages needing factual verificationWikipedia articles needing factual verification from July 2010All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


فارسیFrançaisPortuguêsRomână中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 30 June 2017, at 12:32.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









WebEx - Wikipedia





















 






WebEx

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Cisco WebEx)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article's lead section may not adequately summarize key points of its contents. Please consider expanding the lead to provide an accessible overview of all important aspects of the article. Please discuss this issue on the article's talk page. (January 2012)







This article relies too much on references to primary sources. Please improve this by adding secondary or tertiary sources. (January 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Cisco WebEx


Type

Subsidiary


Industry
Telecommunications software and services


Genre
Web conferencing


Founded
February 1995


Headquarters
Milpitas, California (United States)



Key people

John Chambers (CEO) Frank Calderoni (CFO) Mark Chandler (CCO) Blair Christie (CMO)


Products
WebEx Meeting Center, WebEx Training Center, WebEx Support Center, WebEx Event Center, WebEx Sales Center, WebEx Enterprise Edition, WebEx Connect


Revenue
$US 380 Million (2006)



Number of employees

10,000+ (2015)


Parent
Cisco Systems


Website
www.webex.com


Cisco WebEx, formerly WebEx Communications Inc. is a company that provides on-demand collaboration, online meeting, web conferencing and videoconferencing applications. Its products include Meeting Center, Training Center, Event Center, Support Center, Sales Center, MeetMeNow, PCNow, WebEx AIM Pro Business Edition, WebEx WebOffice, and WebEx Connect. All WebEx products are part of the Cisco collaboration portfolio. All Cisco WebEx products are offered by Cisco Systems Inc.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Securities
1.2 Cisco acquisition


2 Services
3 Legal proceedings and inquiries

3.1 Goldman Sachs securities fraud investigation
3.2 Raindance lawsuit for patent infringement


4 See also
5 References
6 External links



History[edit]




WebEx logo used by WebEx as an independent company


Subrah Iyar and Min Zhu founded WebEx in 1996[1] under the name ActiveTouch.[2][verification needed] Zhu had co-founded Future Labs (one of the first companies to produce multi-point document-collaboration software) in 1991.[3] Zhu met Iyar, then a vice-president and general manager of Quarterdeck, when Quarterdeck acquired Future Labs in 1996. Iyar became president of Future Labs, which had become a Quarterdeck subsidiary, and the same year Iyar and Zhu went on to co-found WebEx. On March 15, 2007, Cisco Systems announced it would acquire WebEx for $3.2 billion.[4]
David Thompson, the first vice-president of marketing at Activetouch, coined the name "WebEx" in late 1998 as the company transitioned from its original software business-model to relaunch as a SaaS company in 1999.[citation needed] Traveling Software, which changed its name in September 1999 to LapLink Software Inc.,[5] originally owned a software product called WebEx, which shipped to the public in June 1996. The LapLink product called WebEx was a utility to be run as a companion to be used for offline web-browsing, a feature subsequently integrated within most commercial modern-day Web browsers.[6]
Traveling Software registered the WebEx trademark in May 1996.[7] In 1999, after the original founder of LapLink returned as CEO, Traveling Software/LapLink.com sold the rights to the WebEx name to the company known as WebEx.[8]
Securities[edit]
Before the purchase by Cisco, WebEx featured in the NASDAQ Global Select Market.[9]
Cisco acquisition[edit]
On March 15, 2007, Cisco Systems announced that it had agreed to pay $57 per share to acquire WebEx. The deal valued WebEx at about $3.2 billion, or $2.9 billion with WebEx's cash reserves factored into the price. WebEx's largest stockholder was Jan Baan with 9% of outstanding shares. In a press release Cisco said WebEx would "become a part of Cisco's Development Organization while maintaining its unique business model".[10] Cisco has also said that its long-term plan is to absorb WebEx at both a technology and a sales level.[11]
Unlike WiZiQ or Moodle, WebEx is not a free platform, and fees are paid per "host" of a classroom or a meeting. Some organizations, however, have started to integrate WebEx with Moodle.[12][13]
Services[edit]
At the time of the acquisition, all WebEx applications were built on the MediaTone platform and supported by the WebEx MediaTone Network (originally called the WebEx interactive network),[14] a global network intended for use with on-demand programs. The network was designed by Shaun Bryant, WebEx's Chief Network Architect,[15] and Zaid Ali Sr, Network Architect, to be one of the first SaaS platforms on the internet.
The company acquired Intranets.com in 2005, providing entrance into the small- and mid-size business market through the company's customer base of businesses with fewer than 100 employees. It acquired the ability to offer online collaboration tools such as discussion forums, document sharing and calendaring while Intranets.com provided access to the WebEx communications environment for its customers.[16]
On February 21, 2006, AOL and WebEx announced plans to launch a business version of AOL's instant-messaging software, AIM Pro, with additional features to help workers collaborate using conferencing tools offered by WebEx.
On September 26, 2006, the company announced plans to offer a web collaboration "mashup" platform called "WebEx Connect".[17]
On November 17, 2014, Cisco announced an evolution of WebEx called Project Squared.[18]
As of August 5, 2015 WebEx will no longer work with Windows XP.
Legal proceedings and inquiries[edit]
Goldman Sachs securities fraud investigation[edit]
As a result of a securities fraud investigation initiated by the SEC and by various state Attorney General offices, Goldman Sachs faced charges of issuing unfair research, including coverage of WebEx, and IPO violations for the period 1999 to 2001. WebEx management allegedly dictated to Goldman Sachs analysts what the research should and should not include. WebEx maintains the management's information was accurate.[19] Another charge accuses Goldman Sachs of violating securities law in its allocation of shares in WebEx's initial public offering.[20]
Raindance lawsuit for patent infringement[edit]
On September 27, 2005, WebEx sued Raindance Communications, Inc., a competitor, for patent infringement. On October 14, 2005, Raindance filed a countersuit against WebEx for patent infringement. Both parties sought both damages and an injunction enjoining further acts they claim to be infringing on patents.[21] On March 31, 2006, the parties agreed to the dismissal of both actions, releases of claims for past infringement, payments associated with those releases, and cross-licenses to each other's patents. The agreement resulted in WebEx receiving $1.0 million from Raindance.[21]
See also[edit]

Comparison of web conferencing software
Comparison of remote desktop software
Collaborative software

References[edit]


^ "About WebEx". Cisco webex. Cisco. Retrieved July 7, 2010. When WebEx was founded in 1996 by Alessandro Capper, emerging digital communications standards [...] led to the development of video conferencing [...] 
^ http://www.activetouch.com
^ Flannery, Russell. Forbes "Rice Fields Yield Internet Riches" November 4, 2004
^ Trask, Amy (October 14, 2002). "File Bothell's LapLink under 'S' for survivor". The Seattle Times. 
^ Trask, Amy (October 14, 2002). "File Bothell's LapLink under 'S' for survivor". The Seattle Times. 
^ http://www.allbusiness.com/technology/software-services-applications/7237951-1.html. Retrieved July 31, 2010.  Missing or empty |title= (help)[dead link]
^ Trademark Status & Document Retrieval at uspto.gov
^ Trask, Amy (October 14, 2002). "File Bothell's LapLink under 'S' for survivor". The Seattle Times. Another product, WebEx, was the first offline browser and was developed by a California startup LapLink purchased in 1996. But when offline browsing became an issue in the browser wars between Microsoft and Netscape Communications, WebEx was caught in the middle. [...] LapLink dropped the product and sold the name. 
^ WebEx Selected for New NASDAQ Global Select Market WebEx press release June 27, 2006.
^ http://investor.cisco.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=81192&p=irol-newsArticle&ID=974299. Retrieved March 16, 2007.  Missing or empty |title= (help)[dead link]
^ Cisco outlines WebEx integration plans – March 15, 2007 – IT Week
^ Moodle WebEx integration .
^ WebEx Moodle Integration plugin.
^ Cisco DevNet. Developer.webex.com. Retrieved on 2014-02-27.
^ http://entreprise.jigsaw.com/id70704_d80/webex_communications_inc_it_is_business_contacts.xhtml
^ Solhein, Shelley (August 8, 2005). "WebEx tools get Intranets infusion". eweek.
^ WebEx is expanding from connecting people to connecting process and applications in real time.
^ https://techcrunch.com/2014/11/17/ciscos-new-project-squared-collaboration-tool-gives-webex-a-run-for-its-money
^ SEC Litigation Complaint 18113
^ SEC Litigation press release for complaint 19051
^ a b WEBEX COMMUNICATIONS INC 10-Q


External links[edit]

Official website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=WebEx&oldid=788261040"					
Categories: Web conferencingCisco softwareRemote administration softwareVideotelephonySoftware companies based in the San Francisco Bay AreaCompanies based in Santa Clara, CaliforniaInternet properties established in 1995Software companies established in 1995Telecommunications companies established in 19951995 establishments in CaliforniaCisco Systems acquisitionsHidden categories: Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2016Wikipedia introduction cleanup from January 2012All pages needing cleanupArticles covered by WikiProject Wikify from January 2012All articles covered by WikiProject WikifyArticles lacking reliable references from January 2012All articles lacking reliable referencesUse mdy dates from January 2012All pages needing factual verificationWikipedia articles needing factual verification from July 2010All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


فارسیFrançaisPortuguêsRomână中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 30 June 2017, at 12:32.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









WebEx - Wikipedia





















 






WebEx

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Cisco WebEx)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article's lead section may not adequately summarize key points of its contents. Please consider expanding the lead to provide an accessible overview of all important aspects of the article. Please discuss this issue on the article's talk page. (January 2012)







This article relies too much on references to primary sources. Please improve this by adding secondary or tertiary sources. (January 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Cisco WebEx


Type

Subsidiary


Industry
Telecommunications software and services


Genre
Web conferencing


Founded
February 1995


Headquarters
Milpitas, California (United States)



Key people

John Chambers (CEO) Frank Calderoni (CFO) Mark Chandler (CCO) Blair Christie (CMO)


Products
WebEx Meeting Center, WebEx Training Center, WebEx Support Center, WebEx Event Center, WebEx Sales Center, WebEx Enterprise Edition, WebEx Connect


Revenue
$US 380 Million (2006)



Number of employees

10,000+ (2015)


Parent
Cisco Systems


Website
www.webex.com


Cisco WebEx, formerly WebEx Communications Inc. is a company that provides on-demand collaboration, online meeting, web conferencing and videoconferencing applications. Its products include Meeting Center, Training Center, Event Center, Support Center, Sales Center, MeetMeNow, PCNow, WebEx AIM Pro Business Edition, WebEx WebOffice, and WebEx Connect. All WebEx products are part of the Cisco collaboration portfolio. All Cisco WebEx products are offered by Cisco Systems Inc.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Securities
1.2 Cisco acquisition


2 Services
3 Legal proceedings and inquiries

3.1 Goldman Sachs securities fraud investigation
3.2 Raindance lawsuit for patent infringement


4 See also
5 References
6 External links



History[edit]




WebEx logo used by WebEx as an independent company


Subrah Iyar and Min Zhu founded WebEx in 1996[1] under the name ActiveTouch.[2][verification needed] Zhu had co-founded Future Labs (one of the first companies to produce multi-point document-collaboration software) in 1991.[3] Zhu met Iyar, then a vice-president and general manager of Quarterdeck, when Quarterdeck acquired Future Labs in 1996. Iyar became president of Future Labs, which had become a Quarterdeck subsidiary, and the same year Iyar and Zhu went on to co-found WebEx. On March 15, 2007, Cisco Systems announced it would acquire WebEx for $3.2 billion.[4]
David Thompson, the first vice-president of marketing at Activetouch, coined the name "WebEx" in late 1998 as the company transitioned from its original software business-model to relaunch as a SaaS company in 1999.[citation needed] Traveling Software, which changed its name in September 1999 to LapLink Software Inc.,[5] originally owned a software product called WebEx, which shipped to the public in June 1996. The LapLink product called WebEx was a utility to be run as a companion to be used for offline web-browsing, a feature subsequently integrated within most commercial modern-day Web browsers.[6]
Traveling Software registered the WebEx trademark in May 1996.[7] In 1999, after the original founder of LapLink returned as CEO, Traveling Software/LapLink.com sold the rights to the WebEx name to the company known as WebEx.[8]
Securities[edit]
Before the purchase by Cisco, WebEx featured in the NASDAQ Global Select Market.[9]
Cisco acquisition[edit]
On March 15, 2007, Cisco Systems announced that it had agreed to pay $57 per share to acquire WebEx. The deal valued WebEx at about $3.2 billion, or $2.9 billion with WebEx's cash reserves factored into the price. WebEx's largest stockholder was Jan Baan with 9% of outstanding shares. In a press release Cisco said WebEx would "become a part of Cisco's Development Organization while maintaining its unique business model".[10] Cisco has also said that its long-term plan is to absorb WebEx at both a technology and a sales level.[11]
Unlike WiZiQ or Moodle, WebEx is not a free platform, and fees are paid per "host" of a classroom or a meeting. Some organizations, however, have started to integrate WebEx with Moodle.[12][13]
Services[edit]
At the time of the acquisition, all WebEx applications were built on the MediaTone platform and supported by the WebEx MediaTone Network (originally called the WebEx interactive network),[14] a global network intended for use with on-demand programs. The network was designed by Shaun Bryant, WebEx's Chief Network Architect,[15] and Zaid Ali Sr, Network Architect, to be one of the first SaaS platforms on the internet.
The company acquired Intranets.com in 2005, providing entrance into the small- and mid-size business market through the company's customer base of businesses with fewer than 100 employees. It acquired the ability to offer online collaboration tools such as discussion forums, document sharing and calendaring while Intranets.com provided access to the WebEx communications environment for its customers.[16]
On February 21, 2006, AOL and WebEx announced plans to launch a business version of AOL's instant-messaging software, AIM Pro, with additional features to help workers collaborate using conferencing tools offered by WebEx.
On September 26, 2006, the company announced plans to offer a web collaboration "mashup" platform called "WebEx Connect".[17]
On November 17, 2014, Cisco announced an evolution of WebEx called Project Squared.[18]
As of August 5, 2015 WebEx will no longer work with Windows XP.
Legal proceedings and inquiries[edit]
Goldman Sachs securities fraud investigation[edit]
As a result of a securities fraud investigation initiated by the SEC and by various state Attorney General offices, Goldman Sachs faced charges of issuing unfair research, including coverage of WebEx, and IPO violations for the period 1999 to 2001. WebEx management allegedly dictated to Goldman Sachs analysts what the research should and should not include. WebEx maintains the management's information was accurate.[19] Another charge accuses Goldman Sachs of violating securities law in its allocation of shares in WebEx's initial public offering.[20]
Raindance lawsuit for patent infringement[edit]
On September 27, 2005, WebEx sued Raindance Communications, Inc., a competitor, for patent infringement. On October 14, 2005, Raindance filed a countersuit against WebEx for patent infringement. Both parties sought both damages and an injunction enjoining further acts they claim to be infringing on patents.[21] On March 31, 2006, the parties agreed to the dismissal of both actions, releases of claims for past infringement, payments associated with those releases, and cross-licenses to each other's patents. The agreement resulted in WebEx receiving $1.0 million from Raindance.[21]
See also[edit]

Comparison of web conferencing software
Comparison of remote desktop software
Collaborative software

References[edit]


^ "About WebEx". Cisco webex. Cisco. Retrieved July 7, 2010. When WebEx was founded in 1996 by Alessandro Capper, emerging digital communications standards [...] led to the development of video conferencing [...] 
^ http://www.activetouch.com
^ Flannery, Russell. Forbes "Rice Fields Yield Internet Riches" November 4, 2004
^ Trask, Amy (October 14, 2002). "File Bothell's LapLink under 'S' for survivor". The Seattle Times. 
^ Trask, Amy (October 14, 2002). "File Bothell's LapLink under 'S' for survivor". The Seattle Times. 
^ http://www.allbusiness.com/technology/software-services-applications/7237951-1.html. Retrieved July 31, 2010.  Missing or empty |title= (help)[dead link]
^ Trademark Status & Document Retrieval at uspto.gov
^ Trask, Amy (October 14, 2002). "File Bothell's LapLink under 'S' for survivor". The Seattle Times. Another product, WebEx, was the first offline browser and was developed by a California startup LapLink purchased in 1996. But when offline browsing became an issue in the browser wars between Microsoft and Netscape Communications, WebEx was caught in the middle. [...] LapLink dropped the product and sold the name. 
^ WebEx Selected for New NASDAQ Global Select Market WebEx press release June 27, 2006.
^ http://investor.cisco.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=81192&p=irol-newsArticle&ID=974299. Retrieved March 16, 2007.  Missing or empty |title= (help)[dead link]
^ Cisco outlines WebEx integration plans – March 15, 2007 – IT Week
^ Moodle WebEx integration .
^ WebEx Moodle Integration plugin.
^ Cisco DevNet. Developer.webex.com. Retrieved on 2014-02-27.
^ http://entreprise.jigsaw.com/id70704_d80/webex_communications_inc_it_is_business_contacts.xhtml
^ Solhein, Shelley (August 8, 2005). "WebEx tools get Intranets infusion". eweek.
^ WebEx is expanding from connecting people to connecting process and applications in real time.
^ https://techcrunch.com/2014/11/17/ciscos-new-project-squared-collaboration-tool-gives-webex-a-run-for-its-money
^ SEC Litigation Complaint 18113
^ SEC Litigation press release for complaint 19051
^ a b WEBEX COMMUNICATIONS INC 10-Q


External links[edit]

Official website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=WebEx&oldid=788261040"					
Categories: Web conferencingCisco softwareRemote administration softwareVideotelephonySoftware companies based in the San Francisco Bay AreaCompanies based in Santa Clara, CaliforniaInternet properties established in 1995Software companies established in 1995Telecommunications companies established in 19951995 establishments in CaliforniaCisco Systems acquisitionsHidden categories: Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2016Wikipedia introduction cleanup from January 2012All pages needing cleanupArticles covered by WikiProject Wikify from January 2012All articles covered by WikiProject WikifyArticles lacking reliable references from January 2012All articles lacking reliable referencesUse mdy dates from January 2012All pages needing factual verificationWikipedia articles needing factual verification from July 2010All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


فارسیFrançaisPortuguêsRomână中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 30 June 2017, at 12:32.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.


























calderoni frank - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











We Found Frank Calderoni | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com



Get Cell Phone, Address, Pic & More Frank Calderoni's Info - Look Now.





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info
















Casa Vives




Calderoni for Carlos Vives, a prominent local merchant and owner of Hacienda Buena Vista. The home was built in 1860, in the neoclassical style, making it one of the first brick and mortar homes

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

What's Wrong With Cisco Systems This Time? - AOL Finance

https://www.aol.com/article/finance/2013/12/12/whats-wrong-with...


This time, we're not talking about a slow quarter or two, which is what the November plunge was all about. Cisco CFO Frank Calderoni took the stage at the ...


Cisco CFO: 'Economy Needs Tax Fixes' | AOL.com

https://www.aol.com/video/view/cisco-cfo--economy-needs-tax-fixes/...


Cisco Systems CFO Frank Calderoni says the economy is slow and steady, but in order to get higher growth tax reform is needed.


Cisco Lifts Dividend by More Than 20% - AOL Finance

https://www.aol.com/2013/03/28/cisco-lifts-dividend-by-more-than


Cisco Lifts Dividend by More Than 20%. Share. Eric Volkman, ... In the press release announcing the move, the company quoted its CFO, Frank Calderoni, ...


Anaplan - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Anaplan


Michael Gould, Founder and CTO Frank Calderoni, Chief Executive Officer Paul Melchiorre, Chief Revenue Officer Doug Smith, Executive VP Strategic Accounts


Why Cisco Systems Pulled the Dow Lower Today - AOL Finance

https://www.aol.com/article/finance/2013/12/12/why-cisco-systems...


Cisco disappoints again Chief Financial Officer Frank Calderoni said today Cisco Systems expects to grow revenue 3%-6% over the next three to five years, which was ...


Cisco CFO: One Quarter at a Time, We're Working Through ...

https://www.aol.com/video/view/cisco-cfo--one-quarter-at-a-time...


Cisco reported its second-quarter results after market close on Wednesday, beating Wall Street's top and bottom line forecasts. The company's CFO Frank Calderoni ...


What Will Cisco Do in 2014? - AOL Finance

https://www.aol.com/article/2013/12/19/what-will-cisco-do-in-2014/...


Cisco Systemsis having a rough year. Shares of the networking equipment builder are up just 6% in 2013, while its Dow Jones peers as a whole have risen 23% ...


Cisco To Cut Thousands Of Jobs In Its Biggest Layoffs In ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/05/13/cisco-layoffs_n_861470.html


Cisco Chief Financial Officer Frank Calderoni said in an interview late on ... Cisco To Cut Thousands Of Jobs In Its Biggest Layoffs In History. 210. ABOUT US;


Cisco Earnings: Can the Networking Giant Bounce Back ...

https://www.aol.com/article/2014/02/10/cisco-earnings-can-the...


Cisco Earnings: Can the Networking Giant Bounce Back? ... CFO Frank Calderoni reduced his long-term sales growth ... Can the Networking Giant Bounce Back? originally ...


Cisco Earnings: The Market's Disappointment Creates ...

https://www.aol.com/article/2014/02/12/cisco-earnings-the-markets...


Although we don't believe in timing the market or panicking over daily movements, we do like to keep an eye on market changes -- just in case they're material ...










We Found Frank Calderoni | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com



Get Cell Phone, Address, Pic & More Frank Calderoni's Info - Look Now.





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info




Searches related tocalderoni frank



frank calderoni wife


frank calderoni net worth


frank calderoni brenda zawatski


frank calderoni red hat



red hat cfo


cfo cisco kelly kramer


cisco cfo


cisco systems cfo




12345Next

Related Searches



frank calderoni wife


frank calderoni net worth


frank calderoni brenda zawatski


frank calderoni red hat


red hat cfo


cfo cisco kelly kramer


cisco cfo


cisco systems cfo




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








