



Leadership - Northern Power Systems














































































Navigation



Northern Power Systems
Next Generation Renewable Energy Technology


 

 
 






Customer Support
  |  
Blog
  |  
Contact










 




Leadership







Home » About » Leadership

Ciel R. Caldwell, President and Chief Operating Officer
Ciel Caldwell
President and Chief Operating Officer
Ciel Caldwell assumed leadership of Northern Power Systems as the President and Chief Operating Officer in August 2016 and is a member of the Board of Directors. Ms. Caldwell joined Northern Power Systems in February of 2011 as Vice President and Corporate Controller and was named Chief Financial Officer in February 2013. In May 2016, Ms. Caldwell was promoted to Senior Vice President for Operations and Finance. With over 20 years of experience in finance and accounting, Ms. Caldwell has held senior financial leadership positions at various companies in the high-tech sector including 3Com Corporation, Vistaprint, and Level 3 Communications. At the start of her career, Ms. Caldwell worked at PricewaterhouseCoopers. Ms. Caldwell earned her Bachelor of Science from Babson College with a major in Accounting.
 

Reinout Oussoren, VP Global Sales
Reinout G. Oussoren
Vice President Global Sales
Reinout Oussoren joined Northern Power Systems in September 2009. He brings more than 20 years of commercial and operational leadership experience to Northern Power from a variety of international organizations. In his most recent position, Mr. Oussoren was the Global Sales Leader for GE Energy’s Membrane Technologies business part of the General Electric Company (NYSE: GE). During previous roles at GE, he was responsible as Sales Leader and General Manager for GE Environmental Services in Europe, following the acquisition of BHA Group Holdings, Inc. He served as General Manager – Europe and member of the executive team since 1994 following the successful sale of his personal business, SF Air Filtration AG a leading supplier of filtration parts and components, to BHA Group. Mr. Oussoren has a mechanical engineering degree from MTS in the Netherlands, holds various international patents and completed coursework in strategic marketing and management.
 
Chris McKay, Director of Sales NA, Power Systems
Chris McKay
Director North American Sales, Power Systems
Chris McKay joined Northern Power Systems in 2001 and has been involved in the energy industry for over 20 years. While at W.L. Gore & Associates worked on new product development of membranes for PEM fuel cells and hydrogen electrolysis using GORE-TEX® materials. During his time at Northern Power, he has led and participated in the development of power conversion, energy storage, microgrid, and wind turbine systems including Northern’s 100kW distributed wind turbine. He has served in a variety operational and commercial roles including director positions for both engineering and product management. Mr. McKay graduated from the University of Pennsylvania with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Chemical Engineering with a Minor in Economics.
 
Jeff Petter, Chief Technologist
Jeff Petter
Chief Technologist
Jeff Petter has 35 years of electrical engineering and technology management experience specializing in power electronics, rotating machines, and controls. Jeff joined Northern Power in 2000 as the senior R&D engineer and has held roles as group leader for power electronics, principal engineer and chief engineer. Prior to joining Northern, Jeff owned and operated Impulse Electronics developing power electronic products for a number of small startup companies, and served as a product development engineering manager at Dynapower Corporation, Electrical Engineer II at Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory, and Electrical Engineer at IBM. Mr. Petter has received a number of awards including the 2006 Technical Achievement Award from the American Wind Energy Association, the 1992 Presentation Award from the IEEE Nuclear Science Symposium, the 1989 Technology Award from FERMI Lab related to his first patent. Jeff is holder of 18 patents with topics including; inverter hardware and controls, permanent magnet machines, wind turbine controls and microwave circuits. Mr. Petter graduated from the University of Wisconsin, with a Bachelor of Science, in Electrical and Computer Engineering.
 
Vito Zongoli, Director of Sales, Mediterranean
Vito Zongoli
Director of Sales, Mediterranean
Vito Zongoli joined Northern Power Systems in January 2011. He brings along a proven commercial track record and solid technical understanding from previous roles with ABB and most recently Grundfos, a global leader in advanced pump solutions, where he established partnerships and go-to-market channels resulting in the successful implementation of more than 50 industrial size reverse osmosis plants in the oil & gas, mining and naval bases in EMEA and Australia. Together with an Italian industrial partner, he was the leading force within Grundfos Italy succeeding in winning a UN tender for the supply of containerized water treatment solutions powered by a combination of small wind generators and solar PV for remote off-grid locations. Mr. Zongoli has an Electronic Engineering degree from Politecnico di Milano and completed coursework in management, negotiation skills and project management.
 
Gian Schelling, Business Development Manager
Gian Schelling
Business Development Manager
Gian Schelling joined Northern Power Systems in February 2015. His career in renewables started in 2007 with Vestas Wind Systems A/S. After heading the successful global market introduction of Vestas’ 3 MW wind platform, he led the C&I energy efficiency program for Swiss Utility BKW and the market introduction of large-scale PV inverters for SolarMax. At Northern Power Systems, he manages the global Business Development activities from market analysis and market entry strategies, local partner identification and contracting through to pilot project closure in new markets and segments. Mr. Schelling holds Master Degrees in International Management and International Affairs from CEMS and University of St. Gallen – Switzerland. He completed basic coursework in Electrical Engineering and obtained his Certificate of Advanced Studies in Energy Economics.
 
Tom Hirschfeld, Sr. Director of Operations
Tom Hirschfeld
Senior Director, Operations
Tom Hirschfeld joined Northern Power Systems in 2006 as a Production Technician.  With a solid background in Operations and Quality Management systems, over the last decade, he has served in various management capacities in Manufacturing, Quality and Global Services within the Operations department.  Prior to joining Northern Power Systems, Mr. Hirschfeld served as a Non-Commissioned Officer in the United States Marine Corps and was responsible for squadron level maintenance of numerous models of tilt wing aircraft for combat deployment.  During this time, he was deployed for a period of two years in support of Operations Iraqi Freedom and Enduring Freedom, in which he managed maintenance activities for the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing.
 
Craig Giles, Vice President – FP&A and Marketing Analytics
Craig Giles
Vice President,                                                              FP&A and Marketing Analytics
Craig Giles joined Northern Power Systems in June 2006, bringing over 20 years of operational, platform management and product marketing experience from high- tech businesses. In August of 2010, Mr. Giles was promoted to Vice President of Global Services & Operations wherein he supported Northern Power Systems in the launch of the world’s most reliable 100kW wind turbine. Mr. Giles transitioned to Vice President FP&A, Strategic Planning in June 2015 to support Northern Power’s strategic operational and business planning initiatives.  Prior to Northern Power Systems, Mr. Giles worked for Husky IMS for 8 years in various operational leadership positions. Mr. Giles holds a Bachelor of Science, Mechanical Engineering from the SUNY, University of Buffalo.
 
Austin Cate, Director of Technology Solutions
Austin Cate
Director, Technology Solutions
Austin Cate joined Northern Power Systems in 2004 and has been involved in the development of power conversion systems and multiple wind turbine platforms. He has contributed significantly to the electrical system designs of several generations of the 100 kW turbine platform. Mr. Cate has extensive field test and commissioning experience with NPS products around the world. His knowledge of system design played a major role in leading the cooperative development of a 3MW turbine platform with WEG prior to taking over the power systems team. Mr. Cate graduated from Worcester Polytechnic Institute with a Bachelor of Science in Electrical and Computer Engineering.
 
Eric Larson, VP and CAO
Eric Larson
Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer
Eric Larson joined Northern Power Systems in November 2014 as Vice President and Corporate Controller. With over 25 years of experience in finance and accounting, Mr. Larson has held financial leadership positions at various companies across a variety of sectors including CMGI, Biogen Idec, Aspect Software and Ernst & Young. Mr. Larson also received his CPA certification in Massachusetts.
 
 
 
William St. Lawrence, VP and General Counsel
William St. Lawrence
Vice President and General Counsel
William St. Lawrence joined Northern Power in March of 2017.  Prior to joining Northern Power, he served in 2016 as General Counsel & Managing Director of Harborview Ventures.  From 2012 to 2016, he served as the General Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer of Northeast Wireless Networks, LLC, a private equity backed company that designs, builds and operates cellular networks in rural US markets. Prior to joining Northeast Wireless, he acted as Legal and Corporate/ Business Development Officer for a significant family office and a variety of venture backed companies. Mr. St. Lawrence began his legal career in the New York office of Heller Ehrman where he represented venture funds, venture-backed companies and investments banks, including Allen & Company, in connection with M&A, public offerings, securities compliance, financings and general commercial matters. Mr. St. Lawrence is a graduate of Hobart College and the University of Maine School of Law.

 
 




AboutLeadership
Press Releases
Knowledge Center
Events
History
Careers
Contact Us
 

 









Northern Power Systems Reports Results of Annual General Meeting of Shareholders  >> Read Full Post  



Explore Northern Power 
Content Sections

Technologies and Capabilities
Wind Power
Energy Storage
About


 

Careers
Site map
Investor Relations


 

Connect With NPS 








Northern Power Systems
29 Pitman Road
Barre Vermont, 05641
USA

Phone: +1 802 461 2903
Email: info@northernpower.com

 
© 2017 Northern Power Systems. All Rights Reserved.

 






















About Northern Power Systems



































































Navigation



Northern Power Systems
Next Generation Renewable Energy Technology


 

 
 






Customer Support
  |  
Blog
  |  
Contact










 




About







Home » About

Northern Power Systems (TSX: NPS) has been delivering innovative energy solutions in a changing landscape for over 40 years. Around the globe, our installed base of Permanent Magnet Direct Drive “PM/DD” wind turbines and grid-friendly power technology components have logged millions of kilowatt-hours of operation to date, demonstrating our commitment to performance and reliability. We license this same proven, patented next generation technology and intellectual property to some of the world’s leading manufacturers for wind projects and other applications. Northern Power Systems also offers comprehensive in-house development services, including systems level engineering, advanced drivetrains, power electronics, Permanent Magnet machine design, and remote monitoring systems to the energy industry.
Northern Power Systems is headquartered in Vermont, USA with operations in Massachusetts, USA, as well as Switzerland, the United Kingdom and Italy.
 




AboutLeadership
Press Releases
Knowledge Center
Events
History
Careers
Contact Us
 

 









Northern Power Systems Reports Results of Annual General Meeting of Shareholders  >> Read Full Post  



Explore Northern Power 
Content Sections

Technologies and Capabilities
Wind Power
Energy Storage
About


 

Careers
Site map
Investor Relations


 

Connect With NPS 








Northern Power Systems
29 Pitman Road
Barre Vermont, 05641
USA

Phone: +1 802 461 2903
Email: info@northernpower.com

 
© 2017 Northern Power Systems. All Rights Reserved.

 





















Ciel R Caldwell - Boston, MA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Ciel R Caldwell in Boston, MA


Ciel R Caldwell

                                                                                       Intelius found that Ciel R Caldwell  is  a female between 40 and 50 years old from Boston, MA.  We have connected them to
                15 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Ciel R Tomasetti


Get Report Now

Age

Ciel R Caldwell is in her 40s

Ciel Has Lived In

Boston, MA
Biddeford Pool, ME
Natick, MA

Ciel's Relatives

Victor Bellemare
Phyllis Domm
Dave Tomasetti
M or







Ciel R Caldwell



Zodiac SignTaurus



GenderFemale



Professional Status
Chief Financial Officer at Northern Power Systems , Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Ciel? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Ciel, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Ciel R Caldwell
Get a Criminal Check on Ciel R Caldwell
Get a Public Record Report on Ciel R Caldwell
Get a People Search Report on Ciel R Caldwell


Ciel R Caldwell's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Ciel R Caldwell has lived as well as Ciel R Caldwell's phone numbers and email addresses.




Ciel R Caldwell Has Lived in 6 States
Massachusetts Address for Ciel R Caldwell


717 A******* A** 

Boston, MA


Has Lived In

Boston, MA
Biddeford Pool, ME


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Ciel R Caldwell

(617) ***-**** - Brookline, MA 
(802) ***-**** - Barre, VT 
(508) ***-**** - Natick, MA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Ciel R Caldwell

c*******l@***.com
c***********l@***.com
c***t@***.net


Get Email Report




Ciel R Caldwell's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Ciel R Caldwell's academic history.  Find out which schools Ciel R Caldwell attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Ciel R Caldwell received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Ciel R Caldwell Has Attended 5 Schools
Babson College 1992 – 1994               Ciel R Caldwell has a Bachelors of Science, in Accounting and Business/management               
Babson College               1992 – 1994               Ciel R Caldwell has a Bachelors of Science in Accounting and Business/management               
Babson College               1992 – 1994               Ciel R Caldwell has a Bachelors of Science, Accounting and Business/management in Accounting and Business/management               
Babson College               1992 – 1994               Ciel R Caldwell has a Bachelor of Science in Accounting               
Dover Sherborn Regional High School               1986 – 1990                              


Ciel R Caldwell's Professional Information
Information regarding Ciel R Caldwell's professional history.  Find out previous places Ciel R Caldwell has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Ciel R Caldwell Has Worked at 11 Places
Company: Northern Power Systems , Inc.
               Title: Chief Financial Officer
Company: Northern Power Systems , Inc.
               Title: President and Chief Operating Officer
Ciel R Caldwell's Experience
Title: Chief Financial Officer
               Company: Northern Power Systems , Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: $50 mil to less than $100 mil - Employee Range: 100 to less than 500. Northern Power Systems designs, manufactures, and sells wind turbines and power technology products, and provides engineering development services for energy applications, into the global marketplace from its US headquarters and European offices. Northern Power Systems and its predecessors have over 40 years' experience in technologies and products generating renewable energy. Northern Power Systems currently manufactures the NPS 60 and NPS 100 turbines. With over 11 million run time hours across its global fleet, Northern Power wind turbines provide customers with clean, cost effective, reliable renewable energy. Patented next generation permanent magnet direct drive (PMDD) technology uses fewer moving parts, delivers higher energy capture, and provides increased reliability due to reduced maintenance and downtime. Northern Power Systems' FlexPhase power converter platform uses patented converter architecture and advanced controls technology for advanced grid support and generation applications. Northern Power Systems offers comprehensive in?house development services, including systems level engineering, advanced drivetrains, power electronics, PM machine design, and remote monitoring systems to the energy industry.
Title: President and Chief Operating Officer
               Company: Northern Power Systems , Inc.
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Ciel R Caldwell

 See Ciel R Caldwell's LinkedIn Profile



Ciel R Caldwell's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Ciel R Caldwell


Ciel R Caldwell's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Ciel R Caldwell's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Ciel Caldwell
Username Matches

                  CielCaldwell
                  CaldwellCiel
                  Ciel.Caldwell
                  Caldwell.Ciel
                  Ciel_Caldwell
                  Caldwell_Ciel
                  Ciel-Caldwell
                  Caldwell-Ciel
                  CCaldwell
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
C Caldwell







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.
















Ciel R. Caldwell - President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer & Director at Northern Power Systems Corp.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Ciel R. Caldwell
President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer & Director at Northern Power Systems Corp.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Public Holdings Transactions 


Ciel R. Caldwell
President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer & Director at Northern Power Systems Corp.



 Overview



Age



44
                                  (Born 1973)
                                              




Notable Companies


Wind Power Holdings, Inc.

Northern Power Systems Corp.

Mira III Acquisition Corp.




Board Seats



2





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 840 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Marketwire (Canada)
July 17, 2017





                        Northern Power Wind Turbines Generate Significant Energy Savings for New York Dairy Farm                     





GlobeNewswire
May 12, 2017





                        Northern Power Systems Reports First Quarter 2017 Results                    





GlobeNewswire
May 12, 2017





                        Northern Power Systems Reports First Quarter 2017 Results                    





PR Newswire
March 31, 2017





                        Northern Power Systems Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results                    





News Bites Canadian Markets
February 20, 2017





                        Northern Power Systems appoints Director                     







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




Troy C. Patton

Chief Executive Officer at Northern Power Systems, Inc.




John Simon

Former Managing Director at Allen & Co. LLC





Alexander Ellis III

General Partner at RP Capital Management LLC




Richard Hokin

Managing Partner at Century Partners Group Ltd.





William F. Leimkuhler

General Counsel & Director-Business Development at Paice Corp.




Robert Lentz

Former Adjunct Professor & Entrepreneur in Residence at Northeastern University - Center for Entrepreneurship Education





Greg Wolf

Chief Executive Officer at Leeward Renewable Energy LLC




Marcus D. Baker

President at Baker Cos., Inc.





Elliot Mark

Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Corporate Secretary at Everbridge, Inc.




Jonathan Lynch

Chief Technology Officer at Northern Power Systems, Inc.







See 830 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 830 More 


 


 Paths to Ciel R. Caldwell



            Ciel R. Caldwell          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Ciel R. Caldwell






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Ciel R. Caldwell.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


Babson College

                  Babson College is a private business school located in Wellesley, Massachusetts near Boston. Founded in 1919, the school offers a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration as well as masters degrees in business administration, accounting, management, and finance. Babson’s MBA program has been ranked #1 in entrepreneurship for 19 consecutive years by U.S. News & World Report.                





 Career History



President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer & Director

                                    2011 - Current                


Northern Power Systems Corp.


                  Northern Power Systems Corp. engages in the provision of power creation and power conversion technology for the energy sector. It also designs, manufactures and services next-generation Permanent Magnet Direct-Drive, wind turbines for the distributed wind market. The company operates through the following segments: Product Sales and Service, Technology Licensing, Technology Development and Shared Services. The Product Sales and Service segment involves in the sales and distribution of turbines along with related services. The Technology Licensing segment covers the licensing packages of the company's developed technology. The Technology Development segment provides development of technology for specific customer needs. The Shared Services segment comprise of costs and expenses by the general and administrative departments including executive, finance and accounting, legal, human resources, and information technology support, as well as certain shared engineering, and in certain circumstances, sales and marketing activities. Northern Power Systems was founded in 1974 and is headquartered in Barre, VT.                




Senior Vice President of Operations & Finance

                                    2011 - Current                


Northern Power Systems, Inc.


                  Northern Power Systems, Inc. designs, manufactures and installs wind turbines. Its next generation permanent magnet direct drive (PM/DD) wind turbine technology is based on a vastly simplified architecture that utilizes a unique combination of a permanent magnet generator and direct-drive design. The firm's approach uses fewer moving parts, delivers higher energy capture, and provides increased reliability due to reduced maintenance and downtime costs. Northern Power Systems also provides technical consulting, design services and technology licensing to the energy market through Northern Power Systems Technologies (NPST). The company was founded in 1974 and is headquartered in Barre, VT.                




Chief Financial Officer

                                    2011 - 2014                


Wind Power Holdings, Inc.


                  Wind Power Holdings, Inc. designs, manufactures and services next-generation permanent magnet direct-drive wind turbines for the distributed wind market. It provides engineering and development services for a wide variety of energy applications, including energy storage, microgrids, generators, power conversion systems, advanced drive-train development, and wind and marine turbine solutions. The company operates through four segments: Product Sales and Service, Technology Licensing, Technology Development, and Shared Services. The Product Sales and Service segment includes the company's sales of distributed turbines along with related services, other products produced and sold to customers, as well as direct sales of utility-class turbines. The Technology Licensing segment includes the licensing of packages of the company's developed technology. The Technology Development segment includes the company's development of technology for customers. The Shared Services segment are comprised mainly of the general and administrative departments including executive, finance and accounting, legal, human resources, and IT support, as well as certain shared engineering, and in certain circumstances, sales and marketing activities. Wind Power Holdings was founded on August 12, 2008 and is headquartered in Barre, VT.                




Vice President, Finance

                                    2008 - 2010                


Cimpress NV


                  Cimpress NV engages in the business of printing technology. Its activities include manufacture and sale customized orders of print, signage, apparel, and similar products. It operates through the Exaprint, pixartprinting, and vistaprint brands. The company was founded by Robert S. Keane in January 1995 and is headquartered in Venlo, the Netherlands.                




Vice President-Corporate Finance

                                    2008 - Prior                


VistaPrint Ltd.


                  VistaPrint Ltd. provides high-quality graphic design, Internet printing and premium service. Its products include printed business cards, brochures, post cards to apparel, invitations and announcements, holiday cards, and calendars. The company was founded by Patrick Mataix in 1996 and is headquartered in Waltham, MA.                




Professional

                                    2003 - 2008                


3Com Corporation


                  3Com Corp. provides voice and data networking products and services. The company was founded by Robert M. Metcalfe, Howard S. Charney and John P. Marshall in 1979 and is headquartered in Marlborough, MA.                




President, Chief Operating Officer & Director

                                    Prior                


Mira III Acquisition Corp.


                  Mira III Acquisition Corp. operates as a capital pool company. Its current business is to identify and evaluate businesses and assets with a view to completing a qualifying transaction. The company was founded on February 14, 2012 and is headquartered in Vancouver, Canada.                




Professional

                                    Prior                


Level 3 Communications, Inc.


                  From its beginning, Level 3 Communications was founded on the principles of the Silicon Economicssm cycle: create a global telecommunications network with the scale to reduce unit costs, stimulate demand with these lower costs, support that demand by scaling even more. Level 3 created a network that serves as a foundation for the communications services of the 21st century by providing, among other things, information transmission over a fiber optic network and media delivery over a content delivery network. And we've grown to support the end-to-end communications services that businesses and carriers rely on.

Level 3 was originally founded in 1985 as Kiewit Diversified Group Inc. (KDG), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Peter Kiewit Sons', Inc. (PKS). Peter Kiewit Sons', Inc. is a 114-year-old construction, mining, information services and communications company headquartered in Omaha, Neb. KDG was originally created to hold PKS' non-construction business assets.

In early 1998, KDG announced it was changing its name to Level 3 Communications, Inc., after substantially increasing the emphasis it placed on and the resources devoted to its communications and information services business. On April 1, 1998, Level 3 common stock started trading on the NASDAQ Stock Market under the symbol LVLT.

During 1998, Level 3 raised $14 billion and was called the "best funded start-up in history." The company constructed 19,600 route miles, and built the world's first continuously upgradeable network fully optimized for internet protocol (IP). Over the next few years, explosive demand for bandwidth fueled growth in sales. By the end of 2000, Level 3 provided service to 2,700 customers.

Level 3 continued investments in infrastructure to become a world-class communications provider, and won the trust of the world's most sophisticated communications companies. In addition to ongoing construction, the company expanded its assets with the February 2003 acquisition of Genuity. Over the next few years, and through a major industry downturn, Level 3 pursued a strategy that focused on both the balance sheet and investing for the inevitable industry rebound. Level 3 won the confidence of investors, as the company raised more money than all other NexGen carriers combined; and also of customers, who made Level 3 one of the world's top three Internet traffic carriers.

Beginning with the late-2005 acquisition of WilTel, Level 3 has established itself as a natural industry consolidator. During 2006, the company went on to acquire Progress Telecom, ICG, TelCove and Looking Glass Networks. In 2007, Level 3 acquired Broadwing, the Content Delivery Network (CDN) services business of SAVVIS, Inc. and Servecast.

In the fall of 2011, Level 3 and Global Crossing joined forces. The new integrated network united Level 3’s broad, deep U.S. and European footprint with Global Crossing’s extensive international, intercity network. Continuing to operate under the name of Level 3, this new kind of company featured more than 450 core network markets in North America, EMEA, Latin America and Asia, as well as a total of ~100,000 route miles                




Professional

                                    Prior                


Pricewaterhousecoopers LLC







 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Member, Board of Directors

                    2016 - Current                  


Northern Power Systems Corp.

                    Northern Power Systems Corp. engages in the provision of power creation and power conversion technology for the energy sector. It also designs, manufactures and services next-generation Permanent Magnet Direct-Drive, wind turbines for the distributed wind market. The company operates through the following segments: Product Sales and Service, Technology Licensing, Technology Development and Shared Services. The Product Sales and Service segment involves in the sales and distribution of turbines along with related services. The Technology Licensing segment covers the licensing packages of the company's developed technology. The Technology Development segment provides development of technology for specific customer needs. The Shared Services segment comprise of costs and expenses by the general and administrative departments including executive, finance and accounting, legal, human resources, and information technology support, as well as certain shared engineering, and in certain circumstances, sales and marketing activities. Northern Power Systems was founded in 1974 and is headquartered in Barre, VT.                  




President, Chief Operating Officer & Director

                    2016 - Prior                  


Mira III Acquisition Corp.

                    Mira III Acquisition Corp. operates as a capital pool company. Its current business is to identify and evaluate businesses and assets with a view to completing a qualifying transaction. The company was founded on February 14, 2012 and is headquartered in Vancouver, Canada.                  





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Transactions



 Details Hidden



                  Wind Power Holdings, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Wind Power Holdings, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Wind Power Holdings, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  





 Other Affiliations




              Ciel R. Caldwell is affiliated with
                            Northern Power Systems Corp., Northern Power Systems, Inc., Wind Power Holdings, Inc., Cimpress NV, VistaPrint Ltd., 3Com Corporation, Mira III Acquisition Corp., Level 3 Communications, Inc., Pricewaterhousecoopers LLC, Northern Power Systems Corp., Mira III Acquisition Corp..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















Ciel Caldwell, Northern Power Systems Corp: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  























Feedback





Ciel Caldwell

President/CFO/COO,
Northern Power Systems Corp






Career History




President/CFO/COO
Northern Power Systerms Corp, 8/2016-PRESENT


Senior VP:Ops & Finance/CFO/IR
Northern Power Systerms Corp, 5/2016-8/2016


CFO/Investor Relations
Northern Power Systerms Corp, 4/2014-5/2016


Chief Financial Officer
Mira III Acquisition Corp, 2/2013-4/2014


VP/Controller
Northern Power Systerms Corp, 2/2011-2/2013



3com Corp, FORMER


Show More







Corporate Information
Address:

2900-550 Burrard Street
Vancouver, BC V6C 0A3
Canada


Phone:
-


Fax:
-











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Babson College
Bachelor's Degree, Accounting








Awards & Publications



Certificates




Certified Public Accountant (CPA)









Memberships



Board Memberships




Northern Power Systerms Corp


Board Member, 7/2016-PRESENT









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































	
        Compensation Information for Ciel R. Caldwell , President and Chief Operating Officer of NORTHERN POWER SYSTEMS | Salary.com
    


























Enterprise
Small Business
Personal




Contact Us
Log In


































Salaries
Jobs
Education
Advice
























 





Ciel R. Caldwell 
Executive Compensation
As President and Chief Operating Officer at NORTHERN POWER SYSTEMS, Ciel R. Caldwell  made $301,371 in total compensation.  Of this total $250,000 was received as a salary, $26,757 was received as a bonus, $22,200 was received in stock options, $0 was awarded as stock and $2,414 came from other types of compensation. This information is according to proxy statements filed for the 2016 fiscal year. 


ENTER AN EXECUTIVE OR COMPANY NAME
New Search


Go



The chart on this page features a breakdown of the total annual pay for Ciel R. Caldwell ,  President and Chief Operating Officer at NORTHERN POWER SYSTEMS as reported in their proxy statements. 
Total Cash Compensation information is comprised of yearly Base Pay and Bonuses. NORTHERN POWER SYSTEMS income statements for executive base pay and bonus are filed yearly with the SEC in the edgar filing system. NORTHERN POWER SYSTEMS annual reports of executive compensation and pay are most commonly found in the Def 14a documents.
Total Equity aggregates grant date fair value of stock and option awards and long term incentives granted during the fiscal year.
Other Compensation covers all compensation-like awards that don't fit in any of these other standard categories. Numbers reported do not include change in pension value and non-qualified deferred compensation earnings.



Other Executives at this Company


Troy C. Patton 
Jonathan A. Lynch 
Eric D. Larson 
June M. Morris 







Ciel R. Caldwell 


Base Pay$250,000
Bonus + Incentive Comp$26,757
Total Cash Compensation$276,757


Stock Award Value$0
Option Award Value$22,200
Total Equity$22,200



Total Other$2,414



Total Compensation$301,371




Browse Executives by First Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z


Browse Companies by Company Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
#



This report is not for commercial use. Thorough reviews have been conducted to assure this data accurately reflects disclosures. However for a complete and definitive understanding of the pay practices of any company, users should refer directly to the actual, complete proxy statement. 
Use of Data / Disclaimer
The information shown here is a reporting of information included in the company's proxy statement. The proxy statement includes footnotes and explanations of this information plus other information that is pertinent in assessing the overall value and appropriateness of the compensation information. For those interested in conducting a detailed compensation analysis, we recommend that you review the entire proxy statement. You may retrieve the full proxy statement by going to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) website at www.sec.gov and entering the company's name and then looking in the first column for an entry of "Form DEF 14A" (or any similar code). You may also find the annual proxy statement by going directly to the company's website.
What is a proxy statement?
A proxy statement (or "proxy") is a form that every publicly traded U.S. company is required to file with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission (SEC) within 120 days after the end of its fiscal year. The proxy must be sent to every shareholder in advance of the company's annual shareholders meeting. All proxy statements are public filings made available to the general public by the SEC.
The proxy statement's main purpose is to alert shareholders to the annual meeting and provide them information about the issues that will be voted on during the annual meeting, including decisions such as electing directors, ratifying the selection of auditors, and other shareholder-related decisions, including shareholder-initiated initiatives. Also, proxies must disclose specific detailed information regarding the pay practices for certain executives.







    





 

 






     

privacy policy
terms of use
about us
contact us

©  Salary.com. All rights reserved.


US Salaries
Canadian Salaries
Purchase a Salary Report
Salaries by Category
Salaries by Income
Salaries by Industry
Popular Salaries
Negotiation Tips
Benefits Calculator
Search Job Openings
Job Openings by State
Job Openings by Category
Education by Career
Education by Level
Education by Major
Cost of Living Calculator
























 





















 



 Ciel R. Caldwell appointed Director to Northern Power Systems Board 
         










    










 













 











 



















Ciel R. Caldwell appointed Director to Northern Power Systems Board
        																																						
              











 News provided by
Northern Power Systems Corp.  
Aug 02, 2016, 16:45 ET









 Share this article




























































BARRE, Vt., Aug. 2, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Northern Power Systems Corp. (TSX: NPS) today announced the appointment of Ciel R. Caldwell to the Company's Board of Directors.  Ms. Caldwell currently serves as the Company's Senior Vice President for Operations and Finance, a role to which she was promoted in May 2016.  Ms. Caldwell previously held the position of Chief Financial Officer for the Company from February 2013 to May 2016, and Vice President and Corporate Controller from February 2011 to February 2013.  Prior to Northern Power, Ms. Caldwell served in senior financial leadership positions at Cimpress N.V. (f/k/a Vistaprint), 3Com Corporation, and Level 3 Communications Inc., and began her career at PricewaterhouseCoopers.  Ms. Caldwell holds a B.S. in Accounting from Babson College.








About Northern Power Systems Northern Power Systems designs, manufactures, and sells wind turbines and power technology products, and provides engineering development services for energy applications, into the global marketplace from its US headquarters and European offices.

Northern Power Systems and its predecessors have over 40 years' experience in technologies and products generating renewable energy. 
Northern Power Systems currently manufactures the NPS™ 60 and NPS™ 100 turbines. With over 11 million run time hours across its global fleet, Northern Power wind turbines provide customers with clean, cost effective, reliable renewable energy. 
Patented next generation permanent magnet direct drive (PMDD) technology uses fewer moving parts, delivers higher energy capture, and provides increased reliability due to reduced maintenance and downtime. 
Northern Power Systems' FlexPhase™ power converter platform uses patented converter architecture and advanced controls technology for advanced grid support and generation applications. 
Northern Power Systems offers comprehensive in‐house development services, including systems level engineering, advanced drivetrains, power electronics, PM machine design, and remote monitoring systems to the energy industry. 
To learn more about Northern Power Systems, please visit www.northernpower.com.
Notice regarding forward-looking statements:  This release includes forward-looking statements regarding Northern Power Systems and its business, which may include, but is not limited to, product and financial performance, regulatory developments, supplier performance, anticipated opportunity and trends for growth in our customer base and our overall business, our market opportunity, expansion into new markets, execution of the company's growth strategy and timeline for filing the Annual Filings. Often, but not always, forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as "plans", "is expected", "expects", "scheduled", "intends", "contemplates", "anticipates", "believes", "proposes" or variations (including negative variations) of such words and phrases, or state that certain actions, events or results "may", "could", "would", "might" or "will" be taken, occur or be achieved. Such statements are based on the current expectations of the management of Northern Power Systems. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this release may not occur by certain specified dates or at all and could differ materially as a result of known and unknown risk factors and uncertainties affecting the company, including risks regarding the wind power industry; production, performance and acceptance of the company's products; our sales cycle; our ability to convert backlog into revenue; performance by the company's suppliers; our ability to maintain successful relationships with our partners and to enter into new partner relationships; our performance internationally; currency fluctuations; economic factors; competition; the equity markets generally; and the other risks detailed in Northern Power Systems' risk factors discussed in filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), including but not limited to Northern Power Systems' Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2015, as well as other documents that may be filed by Northern Power Systems from time to time with the SEC. Although Northern Power Systems has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual actions, events or results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements, there may be other factors that cause actions, events or results to differ from those anticipated, estimated or intended. No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Except as required by applicable securities laws, forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made and Northern Power Systems undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
Eric Larson VP, Corporate Finance and Administration +1-802-661-4673 ir@northernpower.com 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ciel-r-caldwell-appointed-director-to-northern-power-systems-board-300307991.html
SOURCE  Northern Power Systems Corp.
 Related Links

http://www.northernpower.com



 












Aug 10, 2016, 16:59 ET
Preview: Northern Power Systems Announces Leadership Transition with Focus on Distributed Energy Solutions













Jul 29, 2016, 16:45 ET
Preview: Northern Power Systems Provides Update Regarding Filing of Disclosure Documents






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 

Mar 31, 2017, 19:54 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Northern Power Systems Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year...








 

Feb 16, 2017, 17:56 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Kevin Kopczynski Joins Northern Power Systems Board of Directors





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Alternative Energies
  Oil & Energy
  Utilities
Personnel Announcements








 You just read:
Ciel R. Caldwell appointed Director to Northern Power Systems Board


 News provided by
Northern Power Systems Corp.  
Aug 02, 2016, 16:45 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


Ciel R. Caldwell appointed Director to Northern Power Systems BoardHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,475.42-2.41 (-0.10%)Dow 3021,796.55+85.54 (+0.39%)Nasdaq6,382.19-40.56 (-0.63%)Ciel R. Caldwell appointed Director to Northern Power Systems BoardCNW GroupAugust 2, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareBARRE, Vt ., Aug. 2, 2016 /CNW/ -- Northern Power Systems Corp. (NPS.TO) today announced the appointment of Ciel R. Caldwell to the Company's Board of Directors.  Ms. Caldwell currently serves as the Company's Senior Vice President for Operations and Finance, a role to which she was promoted in May 2016.  Ms. Caldwell previously held the position of Chief Financial Officer for the Company from February 2013 to May 2016 , and Vice President and Corporate Controller from February 2011 to February 2013.  Prior to Northern Power, Ms. Caldwell served in senior financial leadership positions at Cimpress N.V. (f/k/a Vistaprint), 3Com Corporation, and Level 3 Communications Inc., and began her career at PricewaterhouseCoopers.  Ms. Caldwell holds a B.S. in Accounting from Babson College .About Northern Power Systems Northern Power Systems designs, manufactures, and sells wind turbines and power technology products, and provides engineering development services for energy applications, into the global marketplace from its US headquarters and European offices.Northern Power Systems and its predecessors have over 40 years' experience in technologies and products generating renewable energy. Northern Power Systems currently manufactures the NPS™ 60 and NPS™ 100 turbines. With over 11 million run time hours across its global fleet, Northern Power wind turbines provide customers with clean, cost effective, reliable renewable energy. Patented next generation permanent magnet direct drive (PMDD) technology uses fewer moving parts, delivers higher energy capture, and provides increased reliability due to reduced maintenance and downtime. Northern Power Systems' FlexPhase™ power converter platform uses patented converter architecture and advanced controls technology for advanced grid support and generation applications. Northern Power Systems offers comprehensive in‐house development services, including systems level engineering, advanced drivetrains, power electronics, PM machine design, and remote monitoring systems to the energy industry. To learn more about Northern Power Systems, please visit www.northernpower.com.Notice regarding forward-looking statements:  This release includes forward-looking statements regarding Northern Power Systems and its business, which may include, but is not limited to, product and financial performance, regulatory developments, supplier performance, anticipated opportunity and trends for growth in our customer base and our overall business, our market opportunity, expansion into new markets, execution of the company's growth strategy and timeline for filing the Annual Filings. Often, but not always, forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as "plans", "is expected", "expects", "scheduled", "intends", "contemplates", "anticipates", "believes", "proposes" or variations (including negative variations) of such words and phrases, or state that certain actions, events or results "may", "could", "would", "might" or "will" be taken, occur or be achieved. Such statements are based on the current expectations of the management of Northern Power Systems. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this release may not occur by certain specified dates or at all and could differ materially as a result of known and unknown risk factors and uncertainties affecting the company, including risks regarding the wind power industry; production, performance and acceptance of the company's products; our sales cycle; our ability to convert backlog into revenue; performance by the company's suppliers; our ability to maintain successful relationships with our partners and to enter into new partner relationships; our performance internationally; currency fluctuations; economic factors; competition; the equity markets generally; and the other risks detailed in Northern Power Systems' risk factors discussed in filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), including but not limited to Northern Power Systems' Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2015 , as well as other documents that may be filed by Northern Power Systems from time to time with the SEC. Although Northern Power Systems has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual actions, events or results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements, there may be other factors that cause actions, events or results to differ from those anticipated, estimated or intended. No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Except as required by applicable securities laws, forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made and Northern Power Systems undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Eric Larson VP, Corporate Finance and Administration +1-802-661-4673 ir@northernpower.comTo view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ciel-r-caldwell-appointed-director-to-northern-power-systems-board-300307991.htmlSOURCE Northern Power Systems Corp.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextAmazon profit slumps 77 percent as costs surge, shares fallReutersEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredMattis was on vacation when Trump tweeted transgender ban, and he was reportedly 'appalled' by itBusiness InsiderRepublicans kill the border taxYahoo FinanceTwitter is only famous now because of President Trump: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredRolls-Royce Motor CEO: We’re not in the auto business. We’re in the luxury business.Yahoo FinanceBuffalo Wild Wings is killing one of customers' favorite dealsBusiness InsiderUndefeated boxer who now fights MMA on Mayweather-McGregor fight: I don't know if it would matter if there were 2 Conor McGregors in that ringBusiness InsiderZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredMarine dog with cancer gets tear-filled farewellAssociated PressAmazon could be the first trillion dollar company: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoStocks give back gains as tech rolls over; Amazon, Intel, and Starbucks earnings loomYahoo FinanceA Penny-Crypto Miracle Making Some Americans RichAgora FinancialSponsoredJP Morgan's top market guru just identified a chilling pattern in the stock marketYahoo FinanceKristin Beck, transgender Navy SEAL hero: 'Let's meet face to face and you tell me I'm not worthy'Business InsiderPutin: We'll have to retaliate against 'illegal' U.S. sanctionsTravis I: Maybe Putin will fire Trump. I have a broken leaf blower just laying around...it will make a better US President than what we have, now.Join the Conversation1 / 51.3k










Ciel R. Caldwell: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 5:55 PM ET
Electrical Equipment

Company Overview of Northern Power Systems Corp.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Ciel R. Caldwell  President, Principal Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Director, Northern Power Systems Corp.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 2 different industries.See Board Relationships45$301,371As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Ms. Ciel R. Caldwell has been the President, Principal Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of Northern Power Systems Corp. since August 10, 2016. Ms. Caldwell has been President and Chief Operating Officer of Northern Power Systems, Inc. since August 18, 2016. She served as Senior Vice President of Operations and Finance at Northern Power Systems Corp. since May 2016 until August 10, 2016. Ms. Caldwell served as a Secretary at Northern Power Systems Corp. since ... November 2015 until August 10, 2016. She served as Senior Vice President of Operations and Finance at Northern Power Systems Corp. until June 9, 2016. She served as Senior Vice President of Operations and Finance at Northern Power Systems, Inc. from June 9, 2016 to August 18, 2016. Ms. Caldwell served as the Chief Financial Officer at WinNorthern Power Systems Corp. and Northern Power Systems Corp. since February 2013. Ms. Caldwell joined Wind Power Holdings (now Northern Power Systems Corp.) in February of 2011 as Vice President and Corporate Controller. From October 2008 to May 2010, she served as the Vice President, Corporate Finance of Vistaprint, N.V. She joined Northern Power Systems in February of 2011 as Vice President and Corporate Controller. With over 18 years of experience in finance and accounting, Ms. Caldwell has held senior financial leadership positions at various companies in the high-tech sector including 3Com Corporation, Vistaprint and Level 3 Communications. At the start of her career, Ms. Caldwell worked at PricewaterhouseCoopers. She has been a Director of Northern Power Systems Corp since August 2, 2016. Ms. Caldwell is a Certified Public Accountant and earned her Bachelor of Science from Babson College with a major in Accounting.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
29 Pitman RoadBarre, Vermont 05641United StatesPhone: 802-461-2955Fax: 802-461-2998
Board Members Memberships
2016-PresentPresident, Principal Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and DirectorNorthern Power Systems Corp.
Education
BS Babson College
Other Affiliations
Northern Power Systems, Inc.Babson College


Annual Compensation
Salary$250,000Total Annual Compensation$250,000
Stocks Options
All Other Compensation$2,414Exercisable Options$282,412Unexercisable Options$242,500Total Number of Options$524,912
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$279,171Total Short Term Compensation$250,000Other Long Term Compensation$2,414Total Calculated Compensation$301,371




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationUlrich  Spiesshofer Chief Executive Officer and PresidentABB Ltd$4.2MCraig  Arnold Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerEaton Corporation plc$884.8KJosef  Kaeser Chairman of Managing Board, President & CEOSiemens Aktiengesellschaft$4.1MPierre-Pascal  Urbon Chief Executive Officer, Head of Strategy, Sales & Service and Member of Management BoardSMA Solar Technology AG$975.0KR. Daniel Brdar Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorIdeal Power Inc.$430.0KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Northern Power Systems Corp., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Ciel R.  Caldwell - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Ciel R.  Caldwell
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Ciel R.  Caldwell. Find out Ciel R.  Caldwell address and contact details. View other people related to Ciel R.  Caldwell - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

C/O NORTHERN POWER SYSTEMS, INC. 29 PITMAN ROAD BARRE 05641 VT




Companies related to Ciel R.  Caldwell
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001605997Northern Power Systems Corp.President & Chief Oper.Officer 29 PITMAN ROAD  BARRE 05641




Ciel R.  Caldwell on the Web
Persons related to Ciel R.  Caldwell - Northern Power Systems Corp.NamePositionCityAllen & CO LLC10% Owner NEW YORKHerbert A  Allen IIINEW YORKHerbert A  Allen IIINEW YORKALLEN OPERATIONS LLCNEW YORKBaker Investments LLC10% Owner WHITE PLAINSMarcus D.  BakerDirector WHITE PLAINSCiel R.  CaldwellPresident & Chief Oper.Officer BARREDavid Wallace  CornhillBARRECWE LLC10% Owner DARIENALEXANDER  ELLIS IIIDirector ALEXANDER  ELLIS IIIBOSTONALEXANDER  ELLIS IIIDirector BOSTONRICHARD N  HOKINDirector DARIENKevin  KopczynskiDirector WOODSIDEEric D  LarsonVP, Chief Accounting Officer BARREWilliam F.  LeimkuhlerDirector LANHAMWilliam F.  LeimkuhlerBARREWilliam F.  LeimkuhlerDirector DARIENRobert L  LentzDirector WOBURNRobert L  LentzBARRERobert L  LentzDirector BARREJonathan A.  LynchChief Technology Officer BARREElliot J.  MarkVice President/General Counsel BARREJune Marie  MorrisVice Pres. & General Counsel BARRETroy C.  PattonDirector BARRERockPort Capital Partners III, LP10% Owner BOSTONJOHN  SIMONDirector BRANFORDJOHN  SIMONDirector NEW YORKJOHN  SIMONNEW YORKLawrence William  St.General Counsel & Secretary BARRELawrence D.  WilleyChief Operating Officer RICHLANDLawrence D.  WilleyChief Operating Officer BARREGregory C.  WolfDirector CHARLOTTE












 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 






 
    Caldwell® ON SALE - Shooting Supplies, Protection, Rests













 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 













800-504-5897


Live Chat

Contact



Learn:
About Us
Policies
Reviews
Forum
Blog
How To















FREE SHIPPING on Over 250,000 Products
Shop now and get Free Value Shipping on most orders over $49 to the contiguous 48 states, DC and to all U.S. Military APO/FPO/DPO addresses.
Enjoy our FREE RETURNS
We want to ensure that making a return is as easy and hassle-free as possible! If for any reason you decide that your purchase just isn't for you, simply return the item within 30 days of receipt and we'll cover the cost of return shipping. Learn more about our Return Policy.

























Entire Store





...


Apparel



Astronomy



Eyewear



Hunting Gear



Lab & Science



Military Gear



Outdoor Gear



Photo



Police, EMS & Fire



Shooting Gear



Sport Optics



Sports & Hobbies



Everything Else

 




Search








TIP









+
Shopping Cart







3,177 Brands
495 Categories
All Departments



Deals



Seasonal Promotions
Instant Rebate
Free Express Shipping
Demo/Open Box


Mail-in Rebate
On Sale
New Products
Free Gift w/ Purchase


Best Rated
Clearance
Coupons
Gift Guides

All Deals



 Today's Deals














 
Sport Optics


Popular Categories

Binoculars
Crossbow Scopes
Digital Binoculars
Monoculars
Night Vision
Night Vision Goggles


Night Vision Rifle Scopes
Range Finders
Red Dot Sights
Rifle Scopes
Spotting Scopes
Thermal Imaging Scopes



Popular Brands









All Sport Optics

 
Hunting


Popular Categories

Archery Bows
Archery Sights
Binoculars
Broadheads & Points
Choke Tubes
Crossbows
Flashlights
Game Calls
Game Feeders
Gun Storage
Hunting Accessories
Hunting Bags
Hunting Clothes


Hunting Scents & Lures
Hunting Vests
Knives
Night Vision
Night Vision Rifle Scopes
Quivers & Arrow Cases
Range Finders
Red Dot Scopes
Rifle Scopes
Spotting Scopes
Thermal Imagers
Trail Cameras



Popular Brands









All Hunting

 
Shooting


Popular Categories

AR15 Accessories
AR15 Parts
Belts
Bipods
Bore Sights
Gun Cases
Gun Cleaning Equipment
Gun Grips
Gun Parts
Gun Safes
Gun Slings
Gunsmithing Equipment
Handguards & Forends
Hearing Protection
Holsters
Laser Sights


Laser Trainers
Magazine Pouches
Magazines
Night Sights
Picatinny Rails
Range Bags
Reloading Equipment
Rifle Scope Mounts & Bases
Rifle Scope Rings
Shooting Accessories
Shooting Glasses
Shooting Vests
Targets
Triggers
Weapon Lights



Popular Brands









All Shooting Gear

 
Outdoor & Survival


Popular Categories

Backpacks
Camping & Hiking Gear
Climbing & Mountaineering Gear
Communication Devices
Compasses & GPS
First Aid
Fishing Gear
Flashlights
Footwear
Headlamps


Hydration Packs
Knives
Multi-Tools
Outdoor Grills & Camp Stoves
Sleeping Bags
Solar Chargers
Survival Gear & Disaster Prep
Tents
Water Sports Gear
Waterproof Cases



Popular Brands









All Outdoor Gear

 
Apparel & Footwear


Popular Categories

Belts
Boots
Gloves
Hats & Headwear
Jackets
Jeans
Men's Apparel
Men's Footwear


Pants & Trousers
Shirts
T-shirts
Vests
Uniforms
Watches
Women's Apparel



Popular Brands









All Apparel

 
Eyewear


Popular Categories

Eyeglass Frames
Eyewear Accessories
Motorcycle Goggles & Sunglasses
Prescription Eyeglasses
Prescription Sunglasses


Safety Glasses
Shooting Glasses
Ski & Snowboarding Goggles
Sunglasses
Tactical Goggles



Popular Brands









All Eyewear

 
Military & Tactical


Popular Categories

AR15 Accessories
Belts
Holsters
Hydration
Knives
Laser Sights
Magazine Pouches


Night Vision
Red Dot Sights
Rifle Scopes
Tactical Goggles
Thermal Imaging
Tritium & Fiber Optic Night Sights
Weapon Lights & Flashlights



Popular Brands









All Military & Tactical

 
Police, Fire, EMS


Popular Categories

Apparel
Belts
Flashlights
Handcuffs
Holsters
Knives
Magazine Pouches


Night Vision
Patches and Flags
Red Dot Sights
Road Safety
Tactical Bags & Backpacks
Weapon Lights



Popular Brands









All Police, EMS & Fire

 
Sports & Hobbies


Popular Categories

Action Cameras
Archery Equipment
Bikes & Accessories
Bowfishing
Compasses
Digital Cameras
Dog Training Gear
Drones & Accessories
Goggles


Golf Range Finders
GPS & Navigation Devices
Health & Fitness
Metal Detectors
Radar Guns
Sports Equipment
Telescopes
Tripods



Popular Brands









All Sports & Hobbies

 
Lab & Science


Popular Categories

Centrifuges
Laboratory Glassware
Magnifiers & Loupes
Microscopes
Telescopes



Popular Brands









All Lab & Science

 
More...


Astronomy

Binoculars
Spotting Scopes
Telescope Accessories
Telescopes
Tripod Accessories
Tripods
All Astronomy



Photography

Action Cameras
Camera Cases & Bags
Digital Cameras
DSLR Lenses
Photo & Video Lights
Tripods
All Photography



Other Categories

Auto & ATV
Batteries
Instructional DVDs
Laptop Cases
Safes
Tools
Travel Cases



Popular Brands









More

 





 





Caldwell






 










                        email
                    





Please enable JavaScript in Your Browser
        JavaScript is not currently enabled in your browser and due to this our site will not work as it should.
        While JavaScript is disabled, you will not be able to add items to your cart or browse all product options.
        Our site is powered by industry leading security standards for your protection.
        
        If possible, please enable JavaScript in your browser for the best possible experience.
        If you cannot enable JavaScript or you are having technical difficulties, please contact us — we are always here to help!
    


Please Enable Your Browser's Cookies Functionality
    Cookies are not currently enabled in your browser, and due to this the functionality of our site will be severely restricted.
    Web browser based cookies allow us to customize our site for you, save items in your cart,
    and provide you with a great experience when shopping OpticsPlanet.
    Your privacy is important to us, and any personal information you supply to us is kept strictly confidential.
    
    If you cannot enable cookies in your browser, please contact us — we are always here to help!


JavaScript is blocked by AdBlocker or ScriptBlocker
    We're sorry - it looks like some elements of OpticsPlanet are being disabled by your AdBlocker.
    Unfortunately we are unable to offer our excellent shopping experience without JavaScript.
    Please add "opticsplanet.com" and "https://opl.0ps.us/assets-2017-07-27c/" to whitelist,
    or disable AdBlocker for this site (please note that we do NOT feature any annoying ads on this website).
    Thanks!












                Caldwell - Caldwell Shooting Supplies, Caldwell Hunting Accessories, Caldwell Targets & More! — 172 products / 256 models
 — Page 1























Caldwell has made it their mission to improve your aim. How do they do this? By providing some of the best shooting supplies on the market today. Caldwell produces the top quality shooting rests that you need to properly sight in your scopes and practice shooting in a controlled environment. But they also understand that you need to steady your rifle when in normal shooting conditions. For these times Caldwell has a number of great bipods available that will give you great mobility while keeping you on target. Speaking of targets, there are a number of great Caldwell Shooting targets, from paper targets to swinging targets that give immediate feedback on good shots. Be sure to read through all the great consumer reviews for Caldwell to get a better idea of how amazing their shooting supplies really are! 

More About Caldwell

Caldwell works hard to make all of their shooting products versatile, durable and affordable. The versatility comes from making shooting rests, monopods and bipods that can be used with equal effectiveness at the range or in the field. Durability in all Caldwell products comes from a combination of quality materials, innovative design and deliberate manufacturing processes. Affordability is a wonderful benefit for those who recognize the quality of Caldwell and need to complete their gear setup without breaking the bank. In addition to helping you shooting straighter, Caldwell also seeks to keep you safe and healthy, with great hearing protection that will protect your ears from the loud reports of your favorite rifle. 
















                                172 Products in
                            
                                                Caldwell
                    




Filters

+

 




            Categories
            


            Options
            


            Deals
            



Rating





4 & Up

0




3 & Up

0




2 & Up

0




1 & Up

0




reset




Price
reset














or enter your custom price range:

From
$


—

To
$



 









Certified by the manufacturer as Made in the USA.











reset




 


 




reset




 


 




reset




 


 
 
 



          reset
    


Show



60

+



20
60
120
240






Sort by



Most Popular

+



Most Popular
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Savings % Off
Avg. Rating: High to Low
Most Reviewed First
A to Z
Z to A
Newest First





 






                        5 models
                    


                Caldwell Deadshot Front and Rear Bags
            




(37)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$10.68
                            Save up to 41%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Lead Sled FCX Shooting Rest 820444
            




(18)


                    
                                            $429.99
                                    
$293.09
                            Save 32%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell DeadShot FieldPod,Max
            




(2)


                    
                                            $149.99
                                    
$94.79
                            Save 37%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Caldwell Ballistic Precision Chronograph G2 720002
            




(5)


                    
                                            $249.99
                                    
$176.11
                            Save 30%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Lead Sled Solo Recoil Reducing Shooting Rest 101777
            




(20)


                    
                                            $119.99
                                    
$75.47
                            Save 37%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        3 models
                    


                Caldwell Ballistic Precision Premium Chronograph Kit
            




(28)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$30.12
                            Save up to 29%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Stable Table Deluxe Shooting Bench 252552
            




(31)


                    
                                            $267.11
                                    
$182.00
                            Save 32%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        3 models
                    


                Caldwell Resetting Targets for Airgun, Rimfire, and Handgun
            




(10)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$15.97
                            Save up to 39%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Magnum DeadShot FieldPod Shooting Rest
            




(6)


                    
                                            $249.99
                                    
$172.23
                            Save 31%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell DeadShot FieldPod - Caldwell Shooting Accessory
            




(22)


                    
                                            $129.99
                                    
$77.52
                            Save 40%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        4 models
                    


                Caldwell XLA External Spring Shooting Rifle Bipods - Pivot Position
            




(14)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$38.33
                            Save up to 47%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        3 models
                    


                Caldwell Lead Sled Shot Carrier Bags
            




(17)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$7.77
                            Save up to 44%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell The Rock Deluxe Shooting Rest and Rear Bag Combo
            




(2)


                    
                                            $119.99
                                    
$79.74
                            Save 34%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Universal Brass Trap 122560
            




(4)


                    
                                            $58.00
                                    
$34.44
                            Save 41%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell TackDriver Shooting Bags
            




(16)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$25.81
                            Save up to 45%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Shoulder Saver 8 inch Magnum Center Post Rear Bags
            




(1)


                    
                                            $48.35
                                    
$28.83
                            Save 40%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Stable Table Carrying Bag
            




(5)


                    
                                            $39.99
                                    
$22.44
                            Save 44%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell AR-15 Mag Charger
            




(19)


                    
                                            $92.48
                                    
$57.67
                            Save 30%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        15 models
                    


                Caldwell Tac Ops Molded OWB Retention Holster
            




(2)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$21.49
                            Save up to 36%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Rock Deluxe Shooting Rest
            




(23)


                    
                                            $103.99
                                    
$64.57
                            Save 38%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell AR-15 Picatinny Rail Brass Catcher 530143
            




(30)


                    
                                            $49.37
                                    
$29.37
                            Save 41%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        3 models
                    


                Caldwell XLA Shooting Rifle Bipods - Fixed Position w/ External Springs
            




(9)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$27.62
                            Save up to 44%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Picatinny Rail Mount
            

                    
                                            $39.99
                                    
$17.80
                            Save 55%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell DeadShot TreePod Additional Base
            

                    
                                            $67.23
                                    
$39.96
                            Save 33%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Ultimate Target Stand 707055
            




(3)


                    
                                            $27.46
                                    
$16.31
                            Save 41%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Long Range Target Camera System
            

                    
                                            $459.99
                                    
$328.85
                            Save 20%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Magnum Resetting Popper
            

                    
                                            $169.99
                                    
$112.06
                            Save 34%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell AR Shooting Bipod - Prone Position
            




(6)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$42.30
                            Save up to 38%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell DeadShot TreePod Blind Clamp
            

                    
                                            $39.99
                                    
$24.52
                            Save 31%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell DeadShot ChairPod
            




(2)


                    
                                            $229.99
                                    
$155.39
                            Save 24%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Caldwell Mag Charger Tac 30 397493
            




(1)


                    
                                            $64.58
                                    
$39.96
                            Save 30%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Medium High Rear Bag Filled/Unfilled
            




(3)


                    
                                            $37.99
                                    
$21.84
                            Save 43%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Caldwell Strobe Flash Hit Indicator 720015
            

                    
                                            $99.99
                                    
$60.26
                            Save 40%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell AR-15 Upper Vise Block Clamp 156444
            




(3)


                    
                                            $35.99
                                    
$24.03
                            Save 33%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Stinger Shooting Rest
            




(1)


                    
                                            $124.52
                                    
$88.82
                            Save 29%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell AR Tactical Bipod - Sitting Position
            




(2)


                    
                                            $89.99
                                    
$56.80
                            Save 37%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell Mag Charger Ammo Box
            

                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$9.93
                            Save up to 45%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell Silhouette Center Mass Target
            




(1)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$8.46
                            Save up to 44%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Platinum Series, G3 Electronic Hearing Protection
            




(13)


                    
                                            $71.00
                                    
$42.30
                            Save 40%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        5 models
                    


                Caldwell Orange Peel 12-in Bullseye Targets
            




(13)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$7.47
                            Save up to 45%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell Deluxe Universal Rear Shooting Bags
            




(15)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$20.38
                            Save up to 41%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Picatinny Rail Mount for Go-Pro Action Cameras
            

                    
                                            $34.49
                                    
$23.22
                            Save 33%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Caldwell Lead Sled DFT 2 336677
            

                    
                                            $259.99
                                    
$177.55
                            Save 23%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell Swinging Targets for Rimfire and Handgun
            




(5)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$19.85
                            Save up to 38%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        4 models
                    


                Caldwell Orange Peel 8-in Bullseye Targets
            




(21)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$3.71
                            Save up to 40%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        4 models
                    


                Caldwell Orange and White Shooting Spots
            




(5)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$3.47
                            Save up to 38%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell Clutch Shooting Rifle Bipods - Prone/Sitting Position 457855 335235
            




(3)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$34.44
                            Save up to 40%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        5 models
                    


                Caldwell Orange Peel Sight-In Targets
            




(6)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$4.80
                            Save up to 40%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Rock BR Competition Front Shooting Rest 440907
            




(48)


                    
                                            $199.99
                                    
$141.51
                            Save 29%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell Shooting Gloves
            

                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$17.17
                            Save up to 43%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell E-Max Low Profile, Behind the Neck Electronic Hearing Protection
            

                    
                                            $37.78
                                    
$22.44
                            Save 41%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Rock Jr Front Shooting Rest 323225
            




(14)


                    
                                            $53.82
                                    
$31.95
                            Save 41%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        3 models
                    


                Caldwell Tac Ops Magazine Holster
            




(1)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$15.04
                            Save up to 41%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Tac Ops Holster Molle Attachment
            

                    
                                            $18.47
                                    
$11.53
                            Save 38%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell AR Pic Rail Brass Catcher
            




(9)


                    
                                            $18.79
                                    
$11.18
                            Save 41%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell AR-15 Brass Catcher 122231
            




(10)


                    
                                            $15.99
                                    
$9.46
                            Save 41%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell Fire Control Front and Full Length Rest
            




(17)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$204.25
                            Save up to 24%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell DeadShot TreePod
            




(6)


                    
                                            $169.99
                                    
$106.62
                            Save 30%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell E-Max Electronic Hearing Protections
            




(62)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$22.16
                            Save up to 38%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell Silhouette Dual Zone Target
            




(2)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$10.64
                            Save up to 40%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







Show



60

+



20
60
120
240








          reset
    


 




Deals
                        

View All













                        Shop Competitive Shooting Gear Now
                    
















                        Save up to 74% During Our End of Month Liquidation
                    
















                        Keep Your Gun Steady With Bench Rests & Vices
                    
















                        Keep It Clean: Shop Gun Care Essentials
                    
















                        Transform Your Shotgun With Parts & Accessories
                    












How To Guides
                        

View All













                        How to Convert Calibers: Glock, AR15 & 1911
                    
by Matt S.















                        Crimson Trace LiNQ Technology Guide
                    
by OpticsPlanet Guest Expert















                        Keith Warren's Hunting Tips
                    
by Keith Warren















                        Keith Warren's Shooting Tips
                    
by Keith Warren









Caldwell Comments










All Caldwell
 (172)




All Deals
 (147)




Best Rated
 (36)




New
 (4)






Categories








Shooting Accessories
 (68)




Targets
 (31)




Bipods
 (9)




Reloading Equipment
 (6)




Reloading Tools and Gauges
 (2)




Concealed Holsters
 (4)




Holsters
 (4)




Hearing Protection
 (11)




Speed Loaders
 (2)




AR15 Accessories
 (4)




Cell Phone Cases
 (1)




Pouches
 (6)




Gun Slings
 (6)




Gloves
 (1)




Mens and Womens Apparel
 (2)




Holster Accessories
 (3)




Ammo Boxes
 (1)




Weapon Accessories
 (6)




Communication
 (1)




Hearing Protection & Headset Accessories
 (1)




Gun Cleaning Kits
 (6)




Digital Camera Accessories
 (1)




Gun Parts
 (2)




Gunsmithing Equipment
 (5)




AR15 Parts
 (1)




AR15 Upper Parts
 (1)




Shooting Glasses
 (2)




Gun Vises and Rests
 (2)




Swivels
 (2)




Monopods
 (1)




Bags & Backpacks
 (1)




Gun Storage
 (7)




Gun Locks
 (1)




Riflescope Mounts & Bases
 (2)




Riflescope Mounts, Rings & Bases
 (2)




Gun Cases
 (4)




Hard Gun Cases
 (4)




Ammo Pouches
 (1)




Belt Accessories
 (1)




Belts
 (1)




Duty Belts
 (1)




Gun Safes
 (2)




Magazine Pouches
 (4)




Safes
 (2)




Safety Glasses
 (3)








Filters

+






          reset
    





                        Customer Reviews
                    


Caldwell Reviews


All Customer Product Reviews





            Related Links
        


Unavailable Caldwell








Compare (0)




1 item has been added






Add at least two items to compare




Remove All


















Caldwell














            Subscribe to Our Email List
        

            Sign up and receive $5 Off and get exclusive access to promotions, sales events, pre-order sales & more!
        




                Or, modify
            







            Thanks for subscribing to our newsletter!
        

            Please check your email for confirmation message
        

 




Customer Service


Check Order Status


Returns & Exchanges


Shipping Policy


Procurement Solutions


Request for Quote (RFQ)


Contact Us




Why Buy From Us?


Our Unbeatable Shopping Experience


Free Shipping on Most Orders


No Sales Tax for Most Orders


Safe & Secure Shopping


Customer Testimonials


We Value Your Privacy




Information


About OpticsPlanet


Military & LE Discount

GearExpert Blog

How-to Guides

News & Press


Jobs & Careers


Our Online Stores


Site Map









Contact Information


            Toll-Free: 800-504-5897
Intl.: +1-847-513-6201
Fax: 847-919-3003
Email: sales@opticsplanet.com



Hours of Operation

            9AM-7PM CST Mon-Fri
            9AM-5PM CST Sat-Sun (Email Only)



 


 
Our Guarantees







 







Mobile Site
|

iOS App
|

Android App








                        © Copyright 1999–2017
            
OpticsPlanet, Inc. 
















 




 




 




 



 






 

 















 





















 






 
    Caldwell® ON SALE - Shooting Supplies, Protection, Rests













 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 













800-504-5897


Live Chat

Contact



Learn:
About Us
Policies
Reviews
Forum
Blog
How To















FREE SHIPPING on Over 250,000 Products
Shop now and get Free Value Shipping on most orders over $49 to the contiguous 48 states, DC and to all U.S. Military APO/FPO/DPO addresses.
Enjoy our FREE RETURNS
We want to ensure that making a return is as easy and hassle-free as possible! If for any reason you decide that your purchase just isn't for you, simply return the item within 30 days of receipt and we'll cover the cost of return shipping. Learn more about our Return Policy.

























Entire Store





...


Apparel



Astronomy



Eyewear



Hunting Gear



Lab & Science



Military Gear



Outdoor Gear



Photo



Police, EMS & Fire



Shooting Gear



Sport Optics



Sports & Hobbies



Everything Else

 




Search








TIP









+
Shopping Cart







3,177 Brands
495 Categories
All Departments



Deals



Seasonal Promotions
Instant Rebate
Free Express Shipping
Demo/Open Box


Mail-in Rebate
On Sale
New Products
Free Gift w/ Purchase


Best Rated
Clearance
Coupons
Gift Guides

All Deals



 Today's Deals














 
Sport Optics


Popular Categories

Binoculars
Crossbow Scopes
Digital Binoculars
Monoculars
Night Vision
Night Vision Goggles


Night Vision Rifle Scopes
Range Finders
Red Dot Sights
Rifle Scopes
Spotting Scopes
Thermal Imaging Scopes



Popular Brands









All Sport Optics

 
Hunting


Popular Categories

Archery Bows
Archery Sights
Binoculars
Broadheads & Points
Choke Tubes
Crossbows
Flashlights
Game Calls
Game Feeders
Gun Storage
Hunting Accessories
Hunting Bags
Hunting Clothes


Hunting Scents & Lures
Hunting Vests
Knives
Night Vision
Night Vision Rifle Scopes
Quivers & Arrow Cases
Range Finders
Red Dot Scopes
Rifle Scopes
Spotting Scopes
Thermal Imagers
Trail Cameras



Popular Brands









All Hunting

 
Shooting


Popular Categories

AR15 Accessories
AR15 Parts
Belts
Bipods
Bore Sights
Gun Cases
Gun Cleaning Equipment
Gun Grips
Gun Parts
Gun Safes
Gun Slings
Gunsmithing Equipment
Handguards & Forends
Hearing Protection
Holsters
Laser Sights


Laser Trainers
Magazine Pouches
Magazines
Night Sights
Picatinny Rails
Range Bags
Reloading Equipment
Rifle Scope Mounts & Bases
Rifle Scope Rings
Shooting Accessories
Shooting Glasses
Shooting Vests
Targets
Triggers
Weapon Lights



Popular Brands









All Shooting Gear

 
Outdoor & Survival


Popular Categories

Backpacks
Camping & Hiking Gear
Climbing & Mountaineering Gear
Communication Devices
Compasses & GPS
First Aid
Fishing Gear
Flashlights
Footwear
Headlamps


Hydration Packs
Knives
Multi-Tools
Outdoor Grills & Camp Stoves
Sleeping Bags
Solar Chargers
Survival Gear & Disaster Prep
Tents
Water Sports Gear
Waterproof Cases



Popular Brands









All Outdoor Gear

 
Apparel & Footwear


Popular Categories

Belts
Boots
Gloves
Hats & Headwear
Jackets
Jeans
Men's Apparel
Men's Footwear


Pants & Trousers
Shirts
T-shirts
Vests
Uniforms
Watches
Women's Apparel



Popular Brands









All Apparel

 
Eyewear


Popular Categories

Eyeglass Frames
Eyewear Accessories
Motorcycle Goggles & Sunglasses
Prescription Eyeglasses
Prescription Sunglasses


Safety Glasses
Shooting Glasses
Ski & Snowboarding Goggles
Sunglasses
Tactical Goggles



Popular Brands









All Eyewear

 
Military & Tactical


Popular Categories

AR15 Accessories
Belts
Holsters
Hydration
Knives
Laser Sights
Magazine Pouches


Night Vision
Red Dot Sights
Rifle Scopes
Tactical Goggles
Thermal Imaging
Tritium & Fiber Optic Night Sights
Weapon Lights & Flashlights



Popular Brands









All Military & Tactical

 
Police, Fire, EMS


Popular Categories

Apparel
Belts
Flashlights
Handcuffs
Holsters
Knives
Magazine Pouches


Night Vision
Patches and Flags
Red Dot Sights
Road Safety
Tactical Bags & Backpacks
Weapon Lights



Popular Brands









All Police, EMS & Fire

 
Sports & Hobbies


Popular Categories

Action Cameras
Archery Equipment
Bikes & Accessories
Bowfishing
Compasses
Digital Cameras
Dog Training Gear
Drones & Accessories
Goggles


Golf Range Finders
GPS & Navigation Devices
Health & Fitness
Metal Detectors
Radar Guns
Sports Equipment
Telescopes
Tripods



Popular Brands









All Sports & Hobbies

 
Lab & Science


Popular Categories

Centrifuges
Laboratory Glassware
Magnifiers & Loupes
Microscopes
Telescopes



Popular Brands









All Lab & Science

 
More...


Astronomy

Binoculars
Spotting Scopes
Telescope Accessories
Telescopes
Tripod Accessories
Tripods
All Astronomy



Photography

Action Cameras
Camera Cases & Bags
Digital Cameras
DSLR Lenses
Photo & Video Lights
Tripods
All Photography



Other Categories

Auto & ATV
Batteries
Instructional DVDs
Laptop Cases
Safes
Tools
Travel Cases



Popular Brands









More

 





 





Caldwell






 










                        email
                    





Please enable JavaScript in Your Browser
        JavaScript is not currently enabled in your browser and due to this our site will not work as it should.
        While JavaScript is disabled, you will not be able to add items to your cart or browse all product options.
        Our site is powered by industry leading security standards for your protection.
        
        If possible, please enable JavaScript in your browser for the best possible experience.
        If you cannot enable JavaScript or you are having technical difficulties, please contact us — we are always here to help!
    


Please Enable Your Browser's Cookies Functionality
    Cookies are not currently enabled in your browser, and due to this the functionality of our site will be severely restricted.
    Web browser based cookies allow us to customize our site for you, save items in your cart,
    and provide you with a great experience when shopping OpticsPlanet.
    Your privacy is important to us, and any personal information you supply to us is kept strictly confidential.
    
    If you cannot enable cookies in your browser, please contact us — we are always here to help!


JavaScript is blocked by AdBlocker or ScriptBlocker
    We're sorry - it looks like some elements of OpticsPlanet are being disabled by your AdBlocker.
    Unfortunately we are unable to offer our excellent shopping experience without JavaScript.
    Please add "opticsplanet.com" and "https://opl.0ps.us/assets-2017-07-27c/" to whitelist,
    or disable AdBlocker for this site (please note that we do NOT feature any annoying ads on this website).
    Thanks!












                Caldwell - Caldwell Shooting Supplies, Caldwell Hunting Accessories, Caldwell Targets & More! — 172 products / 256 models
 — Page 1























Caldwell has made it their mission to improve your aim. How do they do this? By providing some of the best shooting supplies on the market today. Caldwell produces the top quality shooting rests that you need to properly sight in your scopes and practice shooting in a controlled environment. But they also understand that you need to steady your rifle when in normal shooting conditions. For these times Caldwell has a number of great bipods available that will give you great mobility while keeping you on target. Speaking of targets, there are a number of great Caldwell Shooting targets, from paper targets to swinging targets that give immediate feedback on good shots. Be sure to read through all the great consumer reviews for Caldwell to get a better idea of how amazing their shooting supplies really are! 

More About Caldwell

Caldwell works hard to make all of their shooting products versatile, durable and affordable. The versatility comes from making shooting rests, monopods and bipods that can be used with equal effectiveness at the range or in the field. Durability in all Caldwell products comes from a combination of quality materials, innovative design and deliberate manufacturing processes. Affordability is a wonderful benefit for those who recognize the quality of Caldwell and need to complete their gear setup without breaking the bank. In addition to helping you shooting straighter, Caldwell also seeks to keep you safe and healthy, with great hearing protection that will protect your ears from the loud reports of your favorite rifle. 
















                                172 Products in
                            
                                                Caldwell
                    




Filters

+

 




            Categories
            


            Options
            


            Deals
            



Rating





4 & Up

0




3 & Up

0




2 & Up

0




1 & Up

0




reset




Price
reset














or enter your custom price range:

From
$


—

To
$



 









Certified by the manufacturer as Made in the USA.











reset




 


 




reset




 


 




reset




 


 
 
 



          reset
    


Show



60

+



20
60
120
240






Sort by



Most Popular

+



Most Popular
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Savings % Off
Avg. Rating: High to Low
Most Reviewed First
A to Z
Z to A
Newest First





 






                        5 models
                    


                Caldwell Deadshot Front and Rear Bags
            




(37)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$10.68
                            Save up to 41%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Lead Sled FCX Shooting Rest 820444
            




(18)


                    
                                            $429.99
                                    
$293.09
                            Save 32%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell DeadShot FieldPod,Max
            




(2)


                    
                                            $149.99
                                    
$94.79
                            Save 37%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Caldwell Ballistic Precision Chronograph G2 720002
            




(5)


                    
                                            $249.99
                                    
$176.11
                            Save 30%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Lead Sled Solo Recoil Reducing Shooting Rest 101777
            




(20)


                    
                                            $119.99
                                    
$75.47
                            Save 37%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        3 models
                    


                Caldwell Ballistic Precision Premium Chronograph Kit
            




(28)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$30.12
                            Save up to 29%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Stable Table Deluxe Shooting Bench 252552
            




(31)


                    
                                            $267.11
                                    
$182.00
                            Save 32%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        3 models
                    


                Caldwell Resetting Targets for Airgun, Rimfire, and Handgun
            




(10)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$15.97
                            Save up to 39%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Magnum DeadShot FieldPod Shooting Rest
            




(6)


                    
                                            $249.99
                                    
$172.23
                            Save 31%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell DeadShot FieldPod - Caldwell Shooting Accessory
            




(22)


                    
                                            $129.99
                                    
$77.52
                            Save 40%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        4 models
                    


                Caldwell XLA External Spring Shooting Rifle Bipods - Pivot Position
            




(14)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$38.33
                            Save up to 47%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        3 models
                    


                Caldwell Lead Sled Shot Carrier Bags
            




(17)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$7.77
                            Save up to 44%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell The Rock Deluxe Shooting Rest and Rear Bag Combo
            




(2)


                    
                                            $119.99
                                    
$79.74
                            Save 34%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Universal Brass Trap 122560
            




(4)


                    
                                            $58.00
                                    
$34.44
                            Save 41%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell TackDriver Shooting Bags
            




(16)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$25.81
                            Save up to 45%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Shoulder Saver 8 inch Magnum Center Post Rear Bags
            




(1)


                    
                                            $48.35
                                    
$28.83
                            Save 40%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Stable Table Carrying Bag
            




(5)


                    
                                            $39.99
                                    
$22.44
                            Save 44%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell AR-15 Mag Charger
            




(19)


                    
                                            $92.48
                                    
$57.67
                            Save 30%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        15 models
                    


                Caldwell Tac Ops Molded OWB Retention Holster
            




(2)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$21.49
                            Save up to 36%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Rock Deluxe Shooting Rest
            




(23)


                    
                                            $103.99
                                    
$64.57
                            Save 38%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell AR-15 Picatinny Rail Brass Catcher 530143
            




(30)


                    
                                            $49.37
                                    
$29.37
                            Save 41%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        3 models
                    


                Caldwell XLA Shooting Rifle Bipods - Fixed Position w/ External Springs
            




(9)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$27.62
                            Save up to 44%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Picatinny Rail Mount
            

                    
                                            $39.99
                                    
$17.80
                            Save 55%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell DeadShot TreePod Additional Base
            

                    
                                            $67.23
                                    
$39.96
                            Save 33%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Ultimate Target Stand 707055
            




(3)


                    
                                            $27.46
                                    
$16.31
                            Save 41%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Long Range Target Camera System
            

                    
                                            $459.99
                                    
$328.85
                            Save 20%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Magnum Resetting Popper
            

                    
                                            $169.99
                                    
$112.06
                            Save 34%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell AR Shooting Bipod - Prone Position
            




(6)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$42.30
                            Save up to 38%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell DeadShot TreePod Blind Clamp
            

                    
                                            $39.99
                                    
$24.52
                            Save 31%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell DeadShot ChairPod
            




(2)


                    
                                            $229.99
                                    
$155.39
                            Save 24%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Caldwell Mag Charger Tac 30 397493
            




(1)


                    
                                            $64.58
                                    
$39.96
                            Save 30%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Medium High Rear Bag Filled/Unfilled
            




(3)


                    
                                            $37.99
                                    
$21.84
                            Save 43%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Caldwell Strobe Flash Hit Indicator 720015
            

                    
                                            $99.99
                                    
$60.26
                            Save 40%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell AR-15 Upper Vise Block Clamp 156444
            




(3)


                    
                                            $35.99
                                    
$24.03
                            Save 33%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Stinger Shooting Rest
            




(1)


                    
                                            $124.52
                                    
$88.82
                            Save 29%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell AR Tactical Bipod - Sitting Position
            




(2)


                    
                                            $89.99
                                    
$56.80
                            Save 37%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell Mag Charger Ammo Box
            

                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$9.93
                            Save up to 45%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell Silhouette Center Mass Target
            




(1)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$8.46
                            Save up to 44%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Platinum Series, G3 Electronic Hearing Protection
            




(13)


                    
                                            $71.00
                                    
$42.30
                            Save 40%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        5 models
                    


                Caldwell Orange Peel 12-in Bullseye Targets
            




(13)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$7.47
                            Save up to 45%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell Deluxe Universal Rear Shooting Bags
            




(15)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$20.38
                            Save up to 41%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Picatinny Rail Mount for Go-Pro Action Cameras
            

                    
                                            $34.49
                                    
$23.22
                            Save 33%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Caldwell Lead Sled DFT 2 336677
            

                    
                                            $259.99
                                    
$177.55
                            Save 23%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell Swinging Targets for Rimfire and Handgun
            




(5)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$19.85
                            Save up to 38%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        4 models
                    


                Caldwell Orange Peel 8-in Bullseye Targets
            




(21)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$3.71
                            Save up to 40%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        4 models
                    


                Caldwell Orange and White Shooting Spots
            




(5)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$3.47
                            Save up to 38%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell Clutch Shooting Rifle Bipods - Prone/Sitting Position 457855 335235
            




(3)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$34.44
                            Save up to 40%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        5 models
                    


                Caldwell Orange Peel Sight-In Targets
            




(6)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$4.80
                            Save up to 40%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Rock BR Competition Front Shooting Rest 440907
            




(48)


                    
                                            $199.99
                                    
$141.51
                            Save 29%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell Shooting Gloves
            

                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$17.17
                            Save up to 43%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell E-Max Low Profile, Behind the Neck Electronic Hearing Protection
            

                    
                                            $37.78
                                    
$22.44
                            Save 41%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Rock Jr Front Shooting Rest 323225
            




(14)


                    
                                            $53.82
                                    
$31.95
                            Save 41%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        3 models
                    


                Caldwell Tac Ops Magazine Holster
            




(1)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$15.04
                            Save up to 41%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Tac Ops Holster Molle Attachment
            

                    
                                            $18.47
                                    
$11.53
                            Save 38%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell AR Pic Rail Brass Catcher
            




(9)


                    
                                            $18.79
                                    
$11.18
                            Save 41%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell AR-15 Brass Catcher 122231
            




(10)


                    
                                            $15.99
                                    
$9.46
                            Save 41%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell Fire Control Front and Full Length Rest
            




(17)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$204.25
                            Save up to 24%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell DeadShot TreePod
            




(6)


                    
                                            $169.99
                                    
$106.62
                            Save 30%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell E-Max Electronic Hearing Protections
            




(62)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$22.16
                            Save up to 38%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell Silhouette Dual Zone Target
            




(2)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$10.64
                            Save up to 40%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







Show



60

+



20
60
120
240








          reset
    


 




Deals
                        

View All













                        Shop Competitive Shooting Gear Now
                    
















                        Save up to 74% During Our End of Month Liquidation
                    
















                        Keep Your Gun Steady With Bench Rests & Vices
                    
















                        Keep It Clean: Shop Gun Care Essentials
                    
















                        Transform Your Shotgun With Parts & Accessories
                    












How To Guides
                        

View All













                        How to Convert Calibers: Glock, AR15 & 1911
                    
by Matt S.















                        Crimson Trace LiNQ Technology Guide
                    
by OpticsPlanet Guest Expert















                        Keith Warren's Hunting Tips
                    
by Keith Warren















                        Keith Warren's Shooting Tips
                    
by Keith Warren









Caldwell Comments










All Caldwell
 (172)




All Deals
 (147)




Best Rated
 (36)




New
 (4)






Categories








Shooting Accessories
 (68)




Targets
 (31)




Bipods
 (9)




Reloading Equipment
 (6)




Reloading Tools and Gauges
 (2)




Concealed Holsters
 (4)




Holsters
 (4)




Hearing Protection
 (11)




Speed Loaders
 (2)




AR15 Accessories
 (4)




Cell Phone Cases
 (1)




Pouches
 (6)




Gun Slings
 (6)




Gloves
 (1)




Mens and Womens Apparel
 (2)




Holster Accessories
 (3)




Ammo Boxes
 (1)




Weapon Accessories
 (6)




Communication
 (1)




Hearing Protection & Headset Accessories
 (1)




Gun Cleaning Kits
 (6)




Digital Camera Accessories
 (1)




Gun Parts
 (2)




Gunsmithing Equipment
 (5)




AR15 Parts
 (1)




AR15 Upper Parts
 (1)




Shooting Glasses
 (2)




Gun Vises and Rests
 (2)




Swivels
 (2)




Monopods
 (1)




Bags & Backpacks
 (1)




Gun Storage
 (7)




Gun Locks
 (1)




Riflescope Mounts & Bases
 (2)




Riflescope Mounts, Rings & Bases
 (2)




Gun Cases
 (4)




Hard Gun Cases
 (4)




Ammo Pouches
 (1)




Belt Accessories
 (1)




Belts
 (1)




Duty Belts
 (1)




Gun Safes
 (2)




Magazine Pouches
 (4)




Safes
 (2)




Safety Glasses
 (3)








Filters

+






          reset
    





                        Customer Reviews
                    


Caldwell Reviews


All Customer Product Reviews





            Related Links
        


Unavailable Caldwell








Compare (0)




1 item has been added






Add at least two items to compare




Remove All


















Caldwell














            Subscribe to Our Email List
        

            Sign up and receive $5 Off and get exclusive access to promotions, sales events, pre-order sales & more!
        




                Or, modify
            







            Thanks for subscribing to our newsletter!
        

            Please check your email for confirmation message
        

 




Customer Service


Check Order Status


Returns & Exchanges


Shipping Policy


Procurement Solutions


Request for Quote (RFQ)


Contact Us




Why Buy From Us?


Our Unbeatable Shopping Experience


Free Shipping on Most Orders


No Sales Tax for Most Orders


Safe & Secure Shopping


Customer Testimonials


We Value Your Privacy




Information


About OpticsPlanet


Military & LE Discount

GearExpert Blog

How-to Guides

News & Press


Jobs & Careers


Our Online Stores


Site Map









Contact Information


            Toll-Free: 800-504-5897
Intl.: +1-847-513-6201
Fax: 847-919-3003
Email: sales@opticsplanet.com



Hours of Operation

            9AM-7PM CST Mon-Fri
            9AM-5PM CST Sat-Sun (Email Only)



 


 
Our Guarantees







 







Mobile Site
|

iOS App
|

Android App








                        © Copyright 1999–2017
            
OpticsPlanet, Inc. 
















 




 




 




 



 






 

 















 





















 






 
    Caldwell® ON SALE - Shooting Supplies, Protection, Rests













 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 













800-504-5897


Live Chat

Contact



Learn:
About Us
Policies
Reviews
Forum
Blog
How To















FREE SHIPPING on Over 250,000 Products
Shop now and get Free Value Shipping on most orders over $49 to the contiguous 48 states, DC and to all U.S. Military APO/FPO/DPO addresses.
Enjoy our FREE RETURNS
We want to ensure that making a return is as easy and hassle-free as possible! If for any reason you decide that your purchase just isn't for you, simply return the item within 30 days of receipt and we'll cover the cost of return shipping. Learn more about our Return Policy.

























Entire Store





...


Apparel



Astronomy



Eyewear



Hunting Gear



Lab & Science



Military Gear



Outdoor Gear



Photo



Police, EMS & Fire



Shooting Gear



Sport Optics



Sports & Hobbies



Everything Else

 




Search








TIP









+
Shopping Cart







3,177 Brands
495 Categories
All Departments



Deals



Seasonal Promotions
Instant Rebate
Free Express Shipping
Demo/Open Box


Mail-in Rebate
On Sale
New Products
Free Gift w/ Purchase


Best Rated
Clearance
Coupons
Gift Guides

All Deals



 Today's Deals














 
Sport Optics


Popular Categories

Binoculars
Crossbow Scopes
Digital Binoculars
Monoculars
Night Vision
Night Vision Goggles


Night Vision Rifle Scopes
Range Finders
Red Dot Sights
Rifle Scopes
Spotting Scopes
Thermal Imaging Scopes



Popular Brands









All Sport Optics

 
Hunting


Popular Categories

Archery Bows
Archery Sights
Binoculars
Broadheads & Points
Choke Tubes
Crossbows
Flashlights
Game Calls
Game Feeders
Gun Storage
Hunting Accessories
Hunting Bags
Hunting Clothes


Hunting Scents & Lures
Hunting Vests
Knives
Night Vision
Night Vision Rifle Scopes
Quivers & Arrow Cases
Range Finders
Red Dot Scopes
Rifle Scopes
Spotting Scopes
Thermal Imagers
Trail Cameras



Popular Brands









All Hunting

 
Shooting


Popular Categories

AR15 Accessories
AR15 Parts
Belts
Bipods
Bore Sights
Gun Cases
Gun Cleaning Equipment
Gun Grips
Gun Parts
Gun Safes
Gun Slings
Gunsmithing Equipment
Handguards & Forends
Hearing Protection
Holsters
Laser Sights


Laser Trainers
Magazine Pouches
Magazines
Night Sights
Picatinny Rails
Range Bags
Reloading Equipment
Rifle Scope Mounts & Bases
Rifle Scope Rings
Shooting Accessories
Shooting Glasses
Shooting Vests
Targets
Triggers
Weapon Lights



Popular Brands









All Shooting Gear

 
Outdoor & Survival


Popular Categories

Backpacks
Camping & Hiking Gear
Climbing & Mountaineering Gear
Communication Devices
Compasses & GPS
First Aid
Fishing Gear
Flashlights
Footwear
Headlamps


Hydration Packs
Knives
Multi-Tools
Outdoor Grills & Camp Stoves
Sleeping Bags
Solar Chargers
Survival Gear & Disaster Prep
Tents
Water Sports Gear
Waterproof Cases



Popular Brands









All Outdoor Gear

 
Apparel & Footwear


Popular Categories

Belts
Boots
Gloves
Hats & Headwear
Jackets
Jeans
Men's Apparel
Men's Footwear


Pants & Trousers
Shirts
T-shirts
Vests
Uniforms
Watches
Women's Apparel



Popular Brands









All Apparel

 
Eyewear


Popular Categories

Eyeglass Frames
Eyewear Accessories
Motorcycle Goggles & Sunglasses
Prescription Eyeglasses
Prescription Sunglasses


Safety Glasses
Shooting Glasses
Ski & Snowboarding Goggles
Sunglasses
Tactical Goggles



Popular Brands









All Eyewear

 
Military & Tactical


Popular Categories

AR15 Accessories
Belts
Holsters
Hydration
Knives
Laser Sights
Magazine Pouches


Night Vision
Red Dot Sights
Rifle Scopes
Tactical Goggles
Thermal Imaging
Tritium & Fiber Optic Night Sights
Weapon Lights & Flashlights



Popular Brands









All Military & Tactical

 
Police, Fire, EMS


Popular Categories

Apparel
Belts
Flashlights
Handcuffs
Holsters
Knives
Magazine Pouches


Night Vision
Patches and Flags
Red Dot Sights
Road Safety
Tactical Bags & Backpacks
Weapon Lights



Popular Brands









All Police, EMS & Fire

 
Sports & Hobbies


Popular Categories

Action Cameras
Archery Equipment
Bikes & Accessories
Bowfishing
Compasses
Digital Cameras
Dog Training Gear
Drones & Accessories
Goggles


Golf Range Finders
GPS & Navigation Devices
Health & Fitness
Metal Detectors
Radar Guns
Sports Equipment
Telescopes
Tripods



Popular Brands









All Sports & Hobbies

 
Lab & Science


Popular Categories

Centrifuges
Laboratory Glassware
Magnifiers & Loupes
Microscopes
Telescopes



Popular Brands









All Lab & Science

 
More...


Astronomy

Binoculars
Spotting Scopes
Telescope Accessories
Telescopes
Tripod Accessories
Tripods
All Astronomy



Photography

Action Cameras
Camera Cases & Bags
Digital Cameras
DSLR Lenses
Photo & Video Lights
Tripods
All Photography



Other Categories

Auto & ATV
Batteries
Instructional DVDs
Laptop Cases
Safes
Tools
Travel Cases



Popular Brands









More

 





 





Caldwell






 










                        email
                    





Please enable JavaScript in Your Browser
        JavaScript is not currently enabled in your browser and due to this our site will not work as it should.
        While JavaScript is disabled, you will not be able to add items to your cart or browse all product options.
        Our site is powered by industry leading security standards for your protection.
        
        If possible, please enable JavaScript in your browser for the best possible experience.
        If you cannot enable JavaScript or you are having technical difficulties, please contact us — we are always here to help!
    


Please Enable Your Browser's Cookies Functionality
    Cookies are not currently enabled in your browser, and due to this the functionality of our site will be severely restricted.
    Web browser based cookies allow us to customize our site for you, save items in your cart,
    and provide you with a great experience when shopping OpticsPlanet.
    Your privacy is important to us, and any personal information you supply to us is kept strictly confidential.
    
    If you cannot enable cookies in your browser, please contact us — we are always here to help!


JavaScript is blocked by AdBlocker or ScriptBlocker
    We're sorry - it looks like some elements of OpticsPlanet are being disabled by your AdBlocker.
    Unfortunately we are unable to offer our excellent shopping experience without JavaScript.
    Please add "opticsplanet.com" and "https://opl.0ps.us/assets-2017-07-27c/" to whitelist,
    or disable AdBlocker for this site (please note that we do NOT feature any annoying ads on this website).
    Thanks!












                Caldwell - Caldwell Shooting Supplies, Caldwell Hunting Accessories, Caldwell Targets & More! — 172 products / 256 models
 — Page 1























Caldwell has made it their mission to improve your aim. How do they do this? By providing some of the best shooting supplies on the market today. Caldwell produces the top quality shooting rests that you need to properly sight in your scopes and practice shooting in a controlled environment. But they also understand that you need to steady your rifle when in normal shooting conditions. For these times Caldwell has a number of great bipods available that will give you great mobility while keeping you on target. Speaking of targets, there are a number of great Caldwell Shooting targets, from paper targets to swinging targets that give immediate feedback on good shots. Be sure to read through all the great consumer reviews for Caldwell to get a better idea of how amazing their shooting supplies really are! 

More About Caldwell

Caldwell works hard to make all of their shooting products versatile, durable and affordable. The versatility comes from making shooting rests, monopods and bipods that can be used with equal effectiveness at the range or in the field. Durability in all Caldwell products comes from a combination of quality materials, innovative design and deliberate manufacturing processes. Affordability is a wonderful benefit for those who recognize the quality of Caldwell and need to complete their gear setup without breaking the bank. In addition to helping you shooting straighter, Caldwell also seeks to keep you safe and healthy, with great hearing protection that will protect your ears from the loud reports of your favorite rifle. 
















                                172 Products in
                            
                                                Caldwell
                    




Filters

+

 




            Categories
            


            Options
            


            Deals
            



Rating





4 & Up

0




3 & Up

0




2 & Up

0




1 & Up

0




reset




Price
reset














or enter your custom price range:

From
$


—

To
$



 









Certified by the manufacturer as Made in the USA.











reset




 


 




reset




 


 




reset




 


 
 
 



          reset
    


Show



60

+



20
60
120
240






Sort by



Most Popular

+



Most Popular
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Savings % Off
Avg. Rating: High to Low
Most Reviewed First
A to Z
Z to A
Newest First





 






                        5 models
                    


                Caldwell Deadshot Front and Rear Bags
            




(37)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$10.68
                            Save up to 41%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Lead Sled FCX Shooting Rest 820444
            




(18)


                    
                                            $429.99
                                    
$293.09
                            Save 32%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell DeadShot FieldPod,Max
            




(2)


                    
                                            $149.99
                                    
$94.79
                            Save 37%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Caldwell Ballistic Precision Chronograph G2 720002
            




(5)


                    
                                            $249.99
                                    
$176.11
                            Save 30%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Lead Sled Solo Recoil Reducing Shooting Rest 101777
            




(20)


                    
                                            $119.99
                                    
$75.47
                            Save 37%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        3 models
                    


                Caldwell Ballistic Precision Premium Chronograph Kit
            




(28)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$30.12
                            Save up to 29%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Stable Table Deluxe Shooting Bench 252552
            




(31)


                    
                                            $267.11
                                    
$182.00
                            Save 32%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        3 models
                    


                Caldwell Resetting Targets for Airgun, Rimfire, and Handgun
            




(10)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$15.97
                            Save up to 39%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Magnum DeadShot FieldPod Shooting Rest
            




(6)


                    
                                            $249.99
                                    
$172.23
                            Save 31%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell DeadShot FieldPod - Caldwell Shooting Accessory
            




(22)


                    
                                            $129.99
                                    
$77.52
                            Save 40%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        4 models
                    


                Caldwell XLA External Spring Shooting Rifle Bipods - Pivot Position
            




(14)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$38.33
                            Save up to 47%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        3 models
                    


                Caldwell Lead Sled Shot Carrier Bags
            




(17)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$7.77
                            Save up to 44%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell The Rock Deluxe Shooting Rest and Rear Bag Combo
            




(2)


                    
                                            $119.99
                                    
$79.74
                            Save 34%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Universal Brass Trap 122560
            




(4)


                    
                                            $58.00
                                    
$34.44
                            Save 41%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell TackDriver Shooting Bags
            




(16)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$25.81
                            Save up to 45%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Shoulder Saver 8 inch Magnum Center Post Rear Bags
            




(1)


                    
                                            $48.35
                                    
$28.83
                            Save 40%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Stable Table Carrying Bag
            




(5)


                    
                                            $39.99
                                    
$22.44
                            Save 44%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell AR-15 Mag Charger
            




(19)


                    
                                            $92.48
                                    
$57.67
                            Save 30%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        15 models
                    


                Caldwell Tac Ops Molded OWB Retention Holster
            




(2)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$21.49
                            Save up to 36%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Rock Deluxe Shooting Rest
            




(23)


                    
                                            $103.99
                                    
$64.57
                            Save 38%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell AR-15 Picatinny Rail Brass Catcher 530143
            




(30)


                    
                                            $49.37
                                    
$29.37
                            Save 41%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        3 models
                    


                Caldwell XLA Shooting Rifle Bipods - Fixed Position w/ External Springs
            




(9)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$27.62
                            Save up to 44%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Picatinny Rail Mount
            

                    
                                            $39.99
                                    
$17.80
                            Save 55%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell DeadShot TreePod Additional Base
            

                    
                                            $67.23
                                    
$39.96
                            Save 33%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Ultimate Target Stand 707055
            




(3)


                    
                                            $27.46
                                    
$16.31
                            Save 41%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Long Range Target Camera System
            

                    
                                            $459.99
                                    
$328.85
                            Save 20%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Magnum Resetting Popper
            

                    
                                            $169.99
                                    
$112.06
                            Save 34%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell AR Shooting Bipod - Prone Position
            




(6)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$42.30
                            Save up to 38%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell DeadShot TreePod Blind Clamp
            

                    
                                            $39.99
                                    
$24.52
                            Save 31%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell DeadShot ChairPod
            




(2)


                    
                                            $229.99
                                    
$155.39
                            Save 24%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Caldwell Mag Charger Tac 30 397493
            




(1)


                    
                                            $64.58
                                    
$39.96
                            Save 30%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Medium High Rear Bag Filled/Unfilled
            




(3)


                    
                                            $37.99
                                    
$21.84
                            Save 43%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Caldwell Strobe Flash Hit Indicator 720015
            

                    
                                            $99.99
                                    
$60.26
                            Save 40%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell AR-15 Upper Vise Block Clamp 156444
            




(3)


                    
                                            $35.99
                                    
$24.03
                            Save 33%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Stinger Shooting Rest
            




(1)


                    
                                            $124.52
                                    
$88.82
                            Save 29%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell AR Tactical Bipod - Sitting Position
            




(2)


                    
                                            $89.99
                                    
$56.80
                            Save 37%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell Mag Charger Ammo Box
            

                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$9.93
                            Save up to 45%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell Silhouette Center Mass Target
            




(1)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$8.46
                            Save up to 44%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Platinum Series, G3 Electronic Hearing Protection
            




(13)


                    
                                            $71.00
                                    
$42.30
                            Save 40%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        5 models
                    


                Caldwell Orange Peel 12-in Bullseye Targets
            




(13)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$7.47
                            Save up to 45%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell Deluxe Universal Rear Shooting Bags
            




(15)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$20.38
                            Save up to 41%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Picatinny Rail Mount for Go-Pro Action Cameras
            

                    
                                            $34.49
                                    
$23.22
                            Save 33%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Caldwell Lead Sled DFT 2 336677
            

                    
                                            $259.99
                                    
$177.55
                            Save 23%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell Swinging Targets for Rimfire and Handgun
            




(5)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$19.85
                            Save up to 38%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        4 models
                    


                Caldwell Orange Peel 8-in Bullseye Targets
            




(21)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$3.71
                            Save up to 40%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        4 models
                    


                Caldwell Orange and White Shooting Spots
            




(5)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$3.47
                            Save up to 38%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell Clutch Shooting Rifle Bipods - Prone/Sitting Position 457855 335235
            




(3)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$34.44
                            Save up to 40%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        5 models
                    


                Caldwell Orange Peel Sight-In Targets
            




(6)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$4.80
                            Save up to 40%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Rock BR Competition Front Shooting Rest 440907
            




(48)


                    
                                            $199.99
                                    
$141.51
                            Save 29%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell Shooting Gloves
            

                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$17.17
                            Save up to 43%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell E-Max Low Profile, Behind the Neck Electronic Hearing Protection
            

                    
                                            $37.78
                                    
$22.44
                            Save 41%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Rock Jr Front Shooting Rest 323225
            




(14)


                    
                                            $53.82
                                    
$31.95
                            Save 41%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        3 models
                    


                Caldwell Tac Ops Magazine Holster
            




(1)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$15.04
                            Save up to 41%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Tac Ops Holster Molle Attachment
            

                    
                                            $18.47
                                    
$11.53
                            Save 38%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell AR Pic Rail Brass Catcher
            




(9)


                    
                                            $18.79
                                    
$11.18
                            Save 41%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell AR-15 Brass Catcher 122231
            




(10)


                    
                                            $15.99
                                    
$9.46
                            Save 41%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell Fire Control Front and Full Length Rest
            




(17)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$204.25
                            Save up to 24%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell DeadShot TreePod
            




(6)


                    
                                            $169.99
                                    
$106.62
                            Save 30%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell E-Max Electronic Hearing Protections
            




(62)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$22.16
                            Save up to 38%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell Silhouette Dual Zone Target
            




(2)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$10.64
                            Save up to 40%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







Show



60

+



20
60
120
240








          reset
    


 




Deals
                        

View All













                        Shop Competitive Shooting Gear Now
                    
















                        Save up to 74% During Our End of Month Liquidation
                    
















                        Keep Your Gun Steady With Bench Rests & Vices
                    
















                        Keep It Clean: Shop Gun Care Essentials
                    
















                        Transform Your Shotgun With Parts & Accessories
                    












How To Guides
                        

View All













                        How to Convert Calibers: Glock, AR15 & 1911
                    
by Matt S.















                        Crimson Trace LiNQ Technology Guide
                    
by OpticsPlanet Guest Expert















                        Keith Warren's Hunting Tips
                    
by Keith Warren















                        Keith Warren's Shooting Tips
                    
by Keith Warren









Caldwell Comments










All Caldwell
 (172)




All Deals
 (147)




Best Rated
 (36)




New
 (4)






Categories








Shooting Accessories
 (68)




Targets
 (31)




Bipods
 (9)




Reloading Equipment
 (6)




Reloading Tools and Gauges
 (2)




Concealed Holsters
 (4)




Holsters
 (4)




Hearing Protection
 (11)




Speed Loaders
 (2)




AR15 Accessories
 (4)




Cell Phone Cases
 (1)




Pouches
 (6)




Gun Slings
 (6)




Gloves
 (1)




Mens and Womens Apparel
 (2)




Holster Accessories
 (3)




Ammo Boxes
 (1)




Weapon Accessories
 (6)




Communication
 (1)




Hearing Protection & Headset Accessories
 (1)




Gun Cleaning Kits
 (6)




Digital Camera Accessories
 (1)




Gun Parts
 (2)




Gunsmithing Equipment
 (5)




AR15 Parts
 (1)




AR15 Upper Parts
 (1)




Shooting Glasses
 (2)




Gun Vises and Rests
 (2)




Swivels
 (2)




Monopods
 (1)




Bags & Backpacks
 (1)




Gun Storage
 (7)




Gun Locks
 (1)




Riflescope Mounts & Bases
 (2)




Riflescope Mounts, Rings & Bases
 (2)




Gun Cases
 (4)




Hard Gun Cases
 (4)




Ammo Pouches
 (1)




Belt Accessories
 (1)




Belts
 (1)




Duty Belts
 (1)




Gun Safes
 (2)




Magazine Pouches
 (4)




Safes
 (2)




Safety Glasses
 (3)








Filters

+






          reset
    





                        Customer Reviews
                    


Caldwell Reviews


All Customer Product Reviews





            Related Links
        


Unavailable Caldwell








Compare (0)




1 item has been added






Add at least two items to compare




Remove All


















Caldwell














            Subscribe to Our Email List
        

            Sign up and receive $5 Off and get exclusive access to promotions, sales events, pre-order sales & more!
        




                Or, modify
            







            Thanks for subscribing to our newsletter!
        

            Please check your email for confirmation message
        

 




Customer Service


Check Order Status


Returns & Exchanges


Shipping Policy


Procurement Solutions


Request for Quote (RFQ)


Contact Us




Why Buy From Us?


Our Unbeatable Shopping Experience


Free Shipping on Most Orders


No Sales Tax for Most Orders


Safe & Secure Shopping


Customer Testimonials


We Value Your Privacy




Information


About OpticsPlanet


Military & LE Discount

GearExpert Blog

How-to Guides

News & Press


Jobs & Careers


Our Online Stores


Site Map









Contact Information


            Toll-Free: 800-504-5897
Intl.: +1-847-513-6201
Fax: 847-919-3003
Email: sales@opticsplanet.com



Hours of Operation

            9AM-7PM CST Mon-Fri
            9AM-5PM CST Sat-Sun (Email Only)



 


 
Our Guarantees







 







Mobile Site
|

iOS App
|

Android App








                        © Copyright 1999–2017
            
OpticsPlanet, Inc. 
















 




 




 




 



 






 

 















 





















 






 
    Caldwell Hearing Protection SALE Hearing Protection DISCOUNT Caldwell Ear Muffs













 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 












800-504-5897


Live Chat

Contact



Learn:
About Us
Policies
Reviews
Forum
Blog
How To















FREE SHIPPING on Over 250,000 Products
Shop now and get Free Value Shipping on most orders over $49 to the contiguous 48 states, DC and to all U.S. Military APO/FPO/DPO addresses.
Enjoy our FREE RETURNS
We want to ensure that making a return is as easy and hassle-free as possible! If for any reason you decide that your purchase just isn't for you, simply return the item within 30 days of receipt and we'll cover the cost of return shipping. Learn more about our Return Policy.

























Entire Store





...


Apparel



Astronomy



Eyewear



Hunting Gear



Lab & Science



Military Gear



Outdoor Gear



Photo



Police, EMS & Fire



Shooting Gear



Sport Optics



Sports & Hobbies



Everything Else

 




Search








TIP









+
Shopping Cart







3,177 Brands
495 Categories
All Departments



Deals



Seasonal Promotions
Instant Rebate
Free Express Shipping
Demo/Open Box


Mail-in Rebate
On Sale
New Products
Free Gift w/ Purchase


Best Rated
Clearance
Coupons
Gift Guides

All Deals



 Today's Deals














 
Sport Optics


Popular Categories

Binoculars
Crossbow Scopes
Digital Binoculars
Monoculars
Night Vision
Night Vision Goggles


Night Vision Rifle Scopes
Range Finders
Red Dot Sights
Rifle Scopes
Spotting Scopes
Thermal Imaging Scopes



Popular Brands









All Sport Optics

 
Hunting


Popular Categories

Archery Bows
Archery Sights
Binoculars
Broadheads & Points
Choke Tubes
Crossbows
Flashlights
Game Calls
Game Feeders
Gun Storage
Hunting Accessories
Hunting Bags
Hunting Clothes


Hunting Scents & Lures
Hunting Vests
Knives
Night Vision
Night Vision Rifle Scopes
Quivers & Arrow Cases
Range Finders
Red Dot Scopes
Rifle Scopes
Spotting Scopes
Thermal Imagers
Trail Cameras



Popular Brands









All Hunting

 
Shooting


Popular Categories

AR15 Accessories
AR15 Parts
Belts
Bipods
Bore Sights
Gun Cases
Gun Cleaning Equipment
Gun Grips
Gun Parts
Gun Safes
Gun Slings
Gunsmithing Equipment
Handguards & Forends
Hearing Protection
Holsters
Laser Sights


Laser Trainers
Magazine Pouches
Magazines
Night Sights
Picatinny Rails
Range Bags
Reloading Equipment
Rifle Scope Mounts & Bases
Rifle Scope Rings
Shooting Accessories
Shooting Glasses
Shooting Vests
Targets
Triggers
Weapon Lights



Popular Brands









All Shooting Gear

 
Outdoor & Survival


Popular Categories

Backpacks
Camping & Hiking Gear
Climbing & Mountaineering Gear
Communication Devices
Compasses & GPS
First Aid
Fishing Gear
Flashlights
Footwear
Headlamps


Hydration Packs
Knives
Multi-Tools
Outdoor Grills & Camp Stoves
Sleeping Bags
Solar Chargers
Survival Gear & Disaster Prep
Tents
Water Sports Gear
Waterproof Cases



Popular Brands









All Outdoor Gear

 
Apparel & Footwear


Popular Categories

Belts
Boots
Gloves
Hats & Headwear
Jackets
Jeans
Men's Apparel
Men's Footwear


Pants & Trousers
Shirts
T-shirts
Vests
Uniforms
Watches
Women's Apparel



Popular Brands









All Apparel

 
Eyewear


Popular Categories

Eyeglass Frames
Eyewear Accessories
Motorcycle Goggles & Sunglasses
Prescription Eyeglasses
Prescription Sunglasses


Safety Glasses
Shooting Glasses
Ski & Snowboarding Goggles
Sunglasses
Tactical Goggles



Popular Brands









All Eyewear

 
Military & Tactical


Popular Categories

AR15 Accessories
Belts
Holsters
Hydration
Knives
Laser Sights
Magazine Pouches


Night Vision
Red Dot Sights
Rifle Scopes
Tactical Goggles
Thermal Imaging
Tritium & Fiber Optic Night Sights
Weapon Lights & Flashlights



Popular Brands









All Military & Tactical

 
Police, Fire, EMS


Popular Categories

Apparel
Belts
Flashlights
Handcuffs
Holsters
Knives
Magazine Pouches


Night Vision
Patches and Flags
Red Dot Sights
Road Safety
Tactical Bags & Backpacks
Weapon Lights



Popular Brands









All Police, EMS & Fire

 
Sports & Hobbies


Popular Categories

Action Cameras
Archery Equipment
Bikes & Accessories
Bowfishing
Compasses
Digital Cameras
Dog Training Gear
Drones & Accessories
Goggles


Golf Range Finders
GPS & Navigation Devices
Health & Fitness
Metal Detectors
Radar Guns
Sports Equipment
Telescopes
Tripods



Popular Brands









All Sports & Hobbies

 
Lab & Science


Popular Categories

Centrifuges
Laboratory Glassware
Magnifiers & Loupes
Microscopes
Telescopes



Popular Brands









All Lab & Science

 
More...


Astronomy

Binoculars
Spotting Scopes
Telescope Accessories
Telescopes
Tripod Accessories
Tripods
All Astronomy



Photography

Action Cameras
Camera Cases & Bags
Digital Cameras
DSLR Lenses
Photo & Video Lights
Tripods
All Photography



Other Categories

Auto & ATV
Batteries
Instructional DVDs
Laptop Cases
Safes
Tools
Travel Cases



Popular Brands









More

 





 








                            Caldwell
                        



                    +                



                            Hearing Protection
                        




Caldwell Hearing Protection






 










                        email
                    





Please enable JavaScript in Your Browser
        JavaScript is not currently enabled in your browser and due to this our site will not work as it should.
        While JavaScript is disabled, you will not be able to add items to your cart or browse all product options.
        Our site is powered by industry leading security standards for your protection.
        
        If possible, please enable JavaScript in your browser for the best possible experience.
        If you cannot enable JavaScript or you are having technical difficulties, please contact us — we are always here to help!
    


Please Enable Your Browser's Cookies Functionality
    Cookies are not currently enabled in your browser, and due to this the functionality of our site will be severely restricted.
    Web browser based cookies allow us to customize our site for you, save items in your cart,
    and provide you with a great experience when shopping OpticsPlanet.
    Your privacy is important to us, and any personal information you supply to us is kept strictly confidential.
    
    If you cannot enable cookies in your browser, please contact us — we are always here to help!


JavaScript is blocked by AdBlocker or ScriptBlocker
    We're sorry - it looks like some elements of OpticsPlanet are being disabled by your AdBlocker.
    Unfortunately we are unable to offer our excellent shopping experience without JavaScript.
    Please add "opticsplanet.com" and "https://opl.0ps.us/assets-2017-07-27c/" to whitelist,
    or disable AdBlocker for this site (please note that we do NOT feature any annoying ads on this website).
    Thanks!












                Caldwell Hearing Protection Available Online Today Up To 33% OFF — 11 products / 14 models
 — Page 1










OpticsPlanet, Inc offers a full line of original Caldwell Hearing Protection with full manufacturer's warranty and Free Shipping on orders over $49!
Caldwell
Hearing Protection















                                11 Products in
                            
                                                Caldwell Hearing Protection
                    




Filters

+

 




            Options
            


            Deals
            



Rating





4 & Up

0




3 & Up

0




2 & Up

0




1 & Up

0




reset




Price
reset














or enter your custom price range:

From
$


—

To
$



 









Certified by the manufacturer as Made in the USA.











reset




 


 




reset




 


 
 
 



          reset
    


Show



60

+



20
60
120
240






Sort by



Most Popular

+



Most Popular
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Savings % Off
Avg. Rating: High to Low
Most Reviewed First
A to Z
Z to A
Newest First





 







                Caldwell Platinum Series, G3 Electronic Hearing Protection
            




(13)


                    
                                            $71.00
                                    
$42.30
                            Save 40%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell E-Max Low Profile, Behind the Neck Electronic Hearing Protection
            

                    
                                            $37.78
                                    
$22.44
                            Save 41%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell E-Max Electronic Hearing Protections
            




(62)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$22.16
                            Save up to 38%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell Range Muff
            




(1)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$11.57
                            Save up to 42%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







                        2 models
                    


                Caldwell E-Max Low Profile Electronic Hearing Protection
            




(4)


                    
                                            As Low As
                                    
$21.36
                            Save up to 41%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Range Plugs w/ Cord
            

                    
                                            $9.27
                                    
$5.52
                            Save 40%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell E-Max Low Profile Electronic Ear Muffs w/ Shooting Glasses
            




(2)


                    
                                            $41.69
                                    
$26.25
                            Save 37%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Range Ear Muff 33 NRR 110094
            

                    
                                            $30.02
                                    
$24.92
                            Save 17%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Sigma Electronic Ear Muff 20NRR 110042
            

                    
                                            $66.18
                                    
$43.25
                            Save 35%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Low Profile Range Ear Muff 25 NRR 110093
            

                    
                                            $23.72
                                    
$16.91
                            Save 29%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)








                Caldwell Alpha Electronic Ear Muff 23NRR 110041
            

                    
                                            $66.49
                                    
$43.61
                            Save 34%


                        Instant Rebate
                    







You can only compare up to 4 products. Please remove a product before adding another one to your comparison view.



Compare
Compare (4)







Show



60

+



20
60
120
240








          reset
    


 




Deals
                        

View All













                        Shop Competitive Shooting Gear Now
                    
















                        Transform Your Shotgun With Parts & Accessories
                    











                        171 products
                    






                        11% OFF Instantly on All Caldwell Products!
                    
















                        Save up to 74% During Our End of Month Liquidation
                    
















                        Keep Your Gun Steady With Bench Rests & Vices
                    












Hearing Protection Guides
                        

View All













                        Hearing Protection for Shooting Situations
                    
by Chris A









Caldwell Hearing Protection Comments










All Caldwell Hearing Protection
 (11)




All Deals
 (11)




Best Rated
 (2)








Filters

+






          reset
    





                        Customer Reviews
                    


Caldwell Hearing Protection Reviews


Hearing Protection Reviews


Caldwell Reviews


All Customer Product Reviews





            Related Links
        


Caldwell Gunsmithing Equipment


Caldwell Shooting Accessories


Caldwell Shooting Glasses


Caldwell Shooting Targets


Hearing Protection


Trijicon


Trijicon Night Sights - Pistols , Shotguns, AR15s & More!


Trijicon Riflescope Mounts, Rings & Bases


Tritium Night Sights, Fiber Optic Sights


Unavailable Caldwell Hearing Protection








Compare (0)




1 item has been added






Add at least two items to compare




Remove All





















                            Caldwell
                        



                    +                



                            Hearing Protection
                        




Caldwell Hearing Protection














            Subscribe to Our Email List
        

            Sign up and receive $5 Off and get exclusive access to promotions, sales events, pre-order sales & more!
        




                Or, modify
            







            Thanks for subscribing to our newsletter!
        

            Please check your email for confirmation message
        

 




Customer Service


Check Order Status


Returns & Exchanges


Shipping Policy


Procurement Solutions


Request for Quote (RFQ)


Contact Us




Why Buy From Us?


Our Unbeatable Shopping Experience


Free Shipping on Most Orders


No Sales Tax for Most Orders


Safe & Secure Shopping


Customer Testimonials


We Value Your Privacy




Information


About OpticsPlanet


Military & LE Discount

GearExpert Blog

How-to Guides

News & Press


Jobs & Careers


Our Online Stores


Site Map









Contact Information


            Toll-Free: 800-504-5897
Intl.: +1-847-513-6201
Fax: 847-919-3003
Email: sales@opticsplanet.com



Hours of Operation

            9AM-7PM CST Mon-Fri
            9AM-5PM CST Sat-Sun (Email Only)



 


 
Our Guarantees







 







Mobile Site
|

iOS App
|

Android App








                        © Copyright 1999–2017
            
OpticsPlanet, Inc. 
















 




 




 




 



 






 

 















 





















