






		Commercial Litigation News | Calunius Capital Litigation Funding
	






















 





tel: +44 20 3142 8330









home


our team


mark wells


leslie perrin


christian stuerwald


mick smith


diana gruen


christiane deniger



LITIGATION FUNDING


Arbitration


Litigation


Case Assessment


Our Value Proposition



Who Uses Litigation Funding?


The Solvent Business


David v Goliath


Aggregating Smaller Claims



REGULATORY
The ALF
FAQS
contact us







						A market leader in large scale
						Commercial Litigation Funding
					








Calunius news and media


Litigation Funding: Analysis and New Trends of Third Party Funding

                Turin, July 2017
            

                Calunius' Christian Stuerwald spoke at this event hosted by Associazione Professionisti d'Affari. The purpose of the conference was to explain the 'phenomenon' of litigation financing from both the legal and funder's perspective through the involvement of the various stakeholders: the arbitral institution, the investor, the funder, the broker, the arbitrator, the lawyer, the expert and the in-house counsel. Please click on the headline to access the full programme.
            










International Arbitration Club Lunch 

                London, 20 June 2017
            

                Calunius' Mick Smith was a speaker at the Club Lunch Meeting; he addressed "Defining the indefinable - Industry Perspectives on Third Party Funding (TPF) in International Arbitration". There is lots of noise about third party funding in international arbitration circles, and somewhat less fact and knowledge.  Mick demystified TPF and also provided his own perspectives on where the industry is today and where it is heading.
            










Advanced EU Competition Law conference

                London, 16 May 2017
            

                Calunius' Christian Stuerwald discussed a range of topics under the headline 'Private Enforcement: Different Parties, Different Objectives' with fellow practitioners from other stakeholders on the first day of the main conference. Monetization of cartel follow-on claims was a topic of particular interest. Please click on the headline to access the full programme and list of speakers.
            










N+1 Singer’s Listed Law Conference

                London, May 2017
            

                Calunius' Mark Wells spoke at a conference described as 'London’s first ever investor gathering focused on the business of law in a listed context'. It brought together listed law-related companies and examined changing business models and investment opportunities. Click on the headline for a report on the event.
            










Deutsch Amerikanische Juristen Vereinigung e.V. (DAJV) - Working Group Day

                Frankfurt, 17 March 2017
            

                The DAJV Working Group Day discussed inter alia New Approaches to Attorney Remuneration and Financing in International Litigation/Arbitration on both sides of the Atlantic in times of Digitalization. Calunius partner Christian Stuerwald joined senior practitioners in a panel discussion about this topic. Click on the headline to access the full programme.
            










Stans Energy obtains favourable award on jurisdiction

                February 2017
            

                An arbitral tribunal in the case of Stans Energy v Kyrgyz Republic has issued an award favourable to the claimant on a number of jurisdictional objections that had been raised by the respondent state in the underlying UNCITRAL proceedings. A press release of the company can be accessed by clicking on the headline.
            










Calunius announces new Fund and strengthens its team

                November 2016
            

                Calunius announces the closing of the Calunius Litigation Risk Fund 3 LP  at a total of £100 million of capital. Calunius  now advises funds totalling more than £200 million investing in large scale commercial litigation and arbitration assets.

Calunius  is also delighted to announce the recruitment of Christiane Deniger as Senior Case Assessor. Christiane was most recently a senior associate at a well known international law firm. Click on the headline to access the full press release.
            










Rusoro Awarded US$967.77 million by an ICSID Additional Facility Tribunal for the Expropriation of its Investments in Venezuela

                August 2016
            

                Calunius is pleased to report that Rusoro Mining Limited has been awarded nearly US$1bn plus interest (totaling ca US$1.2bn) in its arbitration against the government of Venezuela after circa four years of proceedings. Calunius has provided financing to Rusoro since the commencement of the arbitration in 2012. Please click on the headline to access the company's press release in full.
            










Legal Business’ second annual International Arbitration Summit

                London, November 2016
            

                Calunius partner Mick Smith was participating in a panel discussion with leading arbitration practitioners on questions of award enforcement and of which countries pay awards, and which do not. Click on the headline for the full programme.
            










The Swedish Arbitration Association - Seminar on Third-party-funding (TPF) and After-the-event-insurance (ATE)

                Stockholm, 15 November 2016
            

                Calunius partner Christian Stuerwald and fellow speakers will discuss at a seminar organized by the Swedish Arbitration Association (SAA) the use of and room for growth for dispute funding in Sweden and the Nordics; these countries have a business environment that creates relatively large disputes by the numbers and a sound and transparent legal culture with reliable courts and commercial arbitration. Please click on the headline to access the programme.
            










Recoverability of a Funder's Fee in Arbitration Proceedings

                October 2016
            

                Christian Stuerwald and Mick Smith provide brief comments on an interesting case recently decided by the High Court, in which the High Court confirmed an arbitration tribunal's decision that the success fee a claimant pays to his litigation funder is recoverable from the losing defendant in certain circumstances. The decision constitutes an further development in the growing acceptance of dispute funding as an important tool for access to justice. You can click on the headline to access the summary and comments.
            










Fifth Annual Damages in International Arbitration Conference - Washington, D.C.

                16 September 2016
            

                Calunius partner Mick Smith and fellow panelists spoke about various aspects that may have an impact on determining the quantum outcomes of investor state arbitrations. Please click on the headline to access the programme and full list of speakers.
            










Litigation Funding Masterclass (Thomson Reuters)

                Leslie Perrin gives a Masterclass on Litigation Funding
            

                Leslie Perrin presents a session on 'Litigation Funding' as part of Sweet & Maxwell's online professional development programme.  The Masterclass is a 30 minute video discussing the topic and is in the format of a structured interview. 

            










Third Party Funding and Private Cartel Damages actions in Spain

                July 2016
            

                Calunius partner Mick Smith participated in a panel in Madrid that discussed Third Party Funding and Private Cartel Damages actions in Spain. It was organised by the antitrust section of the Madrid Bar Association. The panel was moderated by Oriol Armengol, partner at Perez-Llorca. Click on the headline for further information.
            










School of International Arbitration Alumni Conference 2016 on Regulation of International Arbitration

                London - 10 June 2016
            

                Calunius partner Mick Smith took part in a panel session on Regulation of Third Party Funding at the Alumni Conference of the Queen Mary University of London School of International Arbitration. He was joined by fellow practitioners to discuss updates and insights from the Queen Mary Task Force on Third Party Funding. Click on the headline to access the full program. 
            










Conference on Third Party Funding organized by the DIA and the AIA

                Brussels - 9 June 2016
            

                Calunius chairman Leslie Perrin participated in a panel discussion on the use of third party funding in arbitration with fellow professionals and senior practitioners. The event was co-organized by the Association for International Arbitration (AIA) and the Danish Institute of Arbitration (DIA). Click on the headline for further information.
            










Cost Strategies in International Dispute Resolution - presented by DRI International

                Vienna 2/3 June 2016
            

                Calunius chairman Leslie Perrin delivered the 'Keynote Address: Litigation Funding — A Global Perspective' at the Cost Strategies in International Dispute Resolution Seminar in Vienna on 2 June 2016. He also participated in the panel discussion 'Costing and Funding Strategies: Winning Ways and Ways of Winning' the following day. Click on the headline to access the full program.
            










R3 and INSOL International Restructuring Conference

                London - 22 April 2016
            

                Calunius' Christian Stuerwald participated in a panel discussion with fellow practitioners about ‘The rapid rise of litigation finance in cross-border insolvency’ on 22 April 2016. The panelists presented a case study and highlighted developments and differences in approach in key jurisdictions, including the UK, Germany and the USA. Click on the headline for details of the programme.
            










Litigation Funding in Germany - recent developments

                March 2016
            

                Calunius partner Christian Stuerwald was interviewed for an article in Commercial Dispute Resolution (CDR) on recent developments concerning litigation funding in Germany. The article provides information and views from him and other market participants on the sources of finance and scope of investments in litigation funding in Europe's largest economy.
            










The Impact of Third Party Funding on Allocation for Costs and Security for Costs Applications: The ICCA-Queen Mary Task Force Report

                18 February 2016
            

                The article provides a short update on the work of the joint ICCA-Queen Mary Task Force on Third Party Funding. The final work of the Task Force will be published in the form of a Report on Third-Party Funding in International Arbitration as a volume in the ICCA series by September 2016. In the meantime, a draft report on Costs has already been completed and has become available for public consultation at both QMUL website and at the ICCA website.
            










"Mechanics of Third-Party Funding Agreements: a Funder's Perspective"

                Please read Mick Smith's chapter in Lisa Bench-Nieuwveld's and Victoria Shannon's book "Third Party Funding in International Arbitration" which explains the issues and subtleties behind negotiating funding agreements.  Published by Wolters Kluwer Law & Business.
            












New York International Arbitration Centre event 'When Third-Party Funders Meet Requests for Costs and Security for Costs'

                New York - 3 February 2016
            

                Calunius partner Mick Smith participated in the presentation of a Report on Costs and Security for Costs prepared by the ICCA-Queen Mary Task Force on Third-Party Funding in International Arbitration.
            










IBA Conference 'Third-Party Funding and International Arbitration: a 360 degree perspective'

                3 December 2015 in London
            

                Calunius is pleased to have been the headline sponsor of the conference ‘Third-Party Funding and International Arbitration: a 360 degree perspective’ presented by the International Bar Association (IBA) on 3 December 2015 in London, at which all relevant current aspects of the subject were debated by senior practitioners.
            










Conference “International Dispute Resolution involving Russian and CIS Parties”

                28/29 January 2016
            

                Calunius partner Mick Smith led a workshop at C5’s “International Dispute Resolution involving Russian and CIS Parties“ on January 28th and 29th, 2016 in London.  He was joined by senior practitioners in the field, sharing specialist knowledge and best practices with other industry professionals.  
            










Article on Litigation Funding in Spain

                8 November 2015
            

                Spain's economic and business newspaper Expansion recently published an article about the potential for litigation funding in Spain, especially in the currently troubled economic climate. Calunius is mentioned as one of the few litigation funders who are actively pursuing investment opportunities in the country. Click on the headline to read the Spanish language article.
            










Seminar on Arbitrating Corporate Disputes in Milan

                26 November 2015
            

                Calunius partner Mick Smith participated in a panel discussion about International Arbitration - The Quantification of Damages in M&A Disputes at a seminar co-hosted by the Italian Forum for Arbitration & ADR and the Luigi Bocconi University in Milan. The full programme can be accessed by clicking on the link above.
            










Competition Law Litigation Panel: Private Damages Actions and Collective Redress

                November 2015
            

                Calunius' Christian Stuerwald participated in a panel discussion at the recent International In-House Counsel Journal conference on 'Private Damages Actions and Collective Redress' in the context of the New Private Actions Regime from the Perspective of a Class Representative. Fellow panellists included senior representatives from Norway's Statoil and the UK's Which? consumer protection organisation.
            










Queen Mary and Calunius announce Inaugural Queen Mary University of London's Inaugural Working Seminar on Group Claims in Arbitration

                2 November 2015
            

                Calunius is delighted to have co-hosted the inaugural Queen Mary seminar on Group Actions in Arbitration. Leading experts from academic, practice and arbitration institutions and international organisation discussed different approaches in common and civil law systems, the emergence of group actions in commercial arbitration and the experience with similar cases in investment arbitration.
            










IBA Guidelines on Conflicts of Interest 

                30 October 2015
            

                The IBA Council recently adopted new guidelines on Conflicts of Interest in International Arbitration. Read Calunius partner Mick Smith’s comments by clicking on the headline.
            










Calunius to speak at 'ADR in Asia Conference in Hong Kong'

                27 October 2015
            

                Calunius chairman Leslie Perrin will be speaking at the ADR in Asia Conference on 27 October on The Use of Third Party Funding in Arbitration: Is this a Developing Trend in Asia? - 

Leslie and his fellow panelists will examine the opportunities and misconceptions around the funding process as Hong Kong looks to harmonize third party funding regulation and establishes the legal framework necessary to permit third party funding in arbitration.

            










Article in The Times about Litigation Funding's self-regulatory body ALF

                The Times, 23 July 2015
            

                Calunius chairman Leslie Perrin was interviewed in his capacity as chairman of ALF for an article in The Times published on 23 July 2015. The article provides an update on the activities of the litigation funding industry’s self-regulatory body.
            










Dutch appeals court upholds jurisdiction in cartel follow on case

                21 July 2015
            

                The Court of Appeal in Amsterdam has confirmed a first instance decision that chemicals manufacturer Kemira could be pursued before the Dutch Courts with regard to claims that relate to the sodium chlorate cartel. Finland based Kemira is the only remaining defendant after each of the other defendants settled the claims against them; one of the settling defendants (Akzo Nobel) is domiciled in the Netherlands. In line with recent developments at ECJ level the court ruled that the case may continue in the Netherlands against Kemira, notwithstanding that the only Dutch defendant has now dropped out of the case. 
Calunius and the CDC group, a company of which is the claimant in the matter, announced a series of strategic investments in connection with this cartel and others on 5 October 2012.

            










Stans Energy reports arbitration funding agreement with Calunius 

                8 June 2015
            

                Canadian listed mining company Stans Energy has announced the entering into of an arbitration funding agreement with regard to its mining dispute with the Kyrgyz Republic.

Click on the heading to read the company's announcement.
            










ECJ clarifies jurisdictional questions for cartel follow on claims

                21 May 2015
            

                The European Court of Justice (ECJ) issued a judgment on important jurisdictional matters for cartel follow on cases; while it is being criticised for what it says (or does not say) about the applicability of arbitration clauses, its real practical meaning may lie in the claimant-friendly and clear decision that cartel victims can sue cartelists in the court of the cartel victim's domicile.

The decision should make it easier and more predictable for cartel victims to commence proceedings against cartelists for damages.
            










2nd Annual GAR Live Frankfurt

                3 June 2015
            

                Calunius partner Mick Smith participated in a lively Oxford Union-style debate about security for costs in arbitration at the 2nd Annual GAR Live in Frankfurt - you can read his Alice in Wonderland inspired position paper by clicking on the heading
            










Third Party Funding in International Arbitration - Conference in Rome

                18 June 2015
            

                Calunius partner Mick Smith spoke at a Conference organized by the Italian Association for Arbitration and Arblt - The Italian Forum for Arbitration and ADR in Rome. It aimed to provide an opportunity for arbitral institutions, funders and legal practitioners to deal with the new challenges which Third-Party Funding is creating to the international arbitration community.
            










World Initiative of Mining Lawyers - 2015 Conference and Annual Meeting

                5 May 2015
            

                Calunius chairman Leslie Perrin participated in a panel discussion about the risks of bribery and corruption in mining investments, and the importance of transparency on all sides, at this year's Annual Meeting of the World Initiative of Mining Lawyers.
            










5th Annual GAR Live London

                7 May 2015
            

                Calunius partner Mick Smith joined inter alia Christopher Style QC, Philippe Pinsolle and Gavan Griffith QC in a panel discussion on 'Fees and funding' to talk about the current practice of dispute funding and offer thoughts on what works and where more thought/work might be needed.  
            










30th Anniversary Conference of the School of International Arbitration Centre for Commercial Law Studies, Queen Mary University of London

                London, 19-21 April 2015
            

                Calunius is pleased to support the School of International Arbitration/Queen Mary University of London’s conference ‘The Evolution and Future of International Arbitration: The Next 30 Years'.
            










Listed companies in funded disputes

                13 February 2015
            

                Leslie Perrin and Christian Stuerwald, partners at Calunius, discuss a recent cartel follow on claim settlement in the context of public companies' disclosure obligations.
            










Excalibur case analysis from a litigation funding perspective

                14 January 2015
            

                Calunius’ chairman Leslie Perrin comments on the recent Excalibur judgment, which clarifies certain aspects of a litigation funder’s liability for adverse costs.
            










Opinion on jurisdictional aspects of aggregating cartel follow on claims

                11 December 2014
            

                A brief assessment by Calunius' Christian Stuerwald of a recent Opinion by the Advocate General that could have wide ranging effects on how cartel follow on claims are pursued in Europe. 
            










Calunius secures extra £50m to invest in litigation and arbitration >>

                Litigation Futures - 10 April 2014
            

                Calunius Capital has raised an extra £50 million to fund litigation and arbitration after closing its second fund with new cash from both existing and new institutional investors.
            










OffshoreAlert's 3rd Annual European Financial Intelligence & Investigations Conference in London

                The Bloomsbury Hotel, London - 10-11 November 2014
            

                Mick Smith is speaking at the session entitled: 'Litigation Funding: A Look At The Industry' at this year's OffshoreAlert Conference.  The session will look at the pros and cons of the industry and explore how it works.
            










26th Annual ITA Workshop - Modern Enforcement of Arbitral Awards: “Show Me the Money” >>

                Dallas, Texas - 18-20 June 2014
            

                Mick Smith joined the panel for "The Market for Awards" concerning TPF and monetisation of awards at this year's ITA Workshop in Dallas. The ITA Workshop is widely recognised as the leading conference in the field in the United States.   
            










ICADE and Club Español del Arbitraje Under Forty >>

                Madrid - 22 May 2014
            

                Mick Smith participated in a Round Table discussion on "Issues related to drafting contracts with impact in the region" at The Spanish Arbitration Club Under Forty's (CEA-40) and the Centro de Innovación del Derecho of Comillas University ICADE ICAI's first annual one-day seminar.
            










CMS Conference on Efficient Dispute Resolution >>

                CMS Cameron McKenna, Zurich - 5 March 2014
            

                Mick Smith joined Tim Hardy of CMS Cameron McKenna to discuss 'Managing commercial risks of disputes - third party funding' at CMS' conference in Zurich.  
            










Litigation Summit 2014 >>

                Waldorf Astoria, Berlin - 10 and 11 February 2014
            

                Calunius Capital LLP participated in DKN-Networks' Litigation Summit 2014 in Berlin.  Leslie Perrin and Christian Stuerwald spoke on 'Managing Global Litigation Costs Risk'.  See above for more details.
            










Shareholder Protection and Corporate Governance Forum >>

                The Radisson Blu Hotel, Amsterdam - 30 January 2014
            

                Mick Smith spoke at C5's Forum on "Litigation Funding: What Are Your Options?" - a copy of the brochure is attached.
            










"... Calunius Capital, one of the world's most reputable funders"

                Mondaq - 10 December 2013
            

                Craig Chiasson, Borden Ladner Gervais LLP, writes about the viability of third-party funding in his article entitled "Canada: Financing Disputes - The Third-Party Funding Option" and gives mention to Calunius Capital.


            










22nd Advanced EU Competition Law 2013

                Le Plaza, Brussels - 26 and 27 November 2013
            

                Calunius Capital LLP is pleased to have been part of IBC Legal's 22nd Annual Advanced EU Competition Law Forum this year.
            










CDR Conference 2013

                Sofitel London St James - 13 November 2013
            

                Mick Smith was one of the speakers who took part in the discussion on Third Party Funding at the CDR Litigation Day on Wednesday, 13 November 2013.
            










Conference: 21st ITF Public Meeting: The Economic and Financial Aspects of Investor-State Arbitration

                Biicl - London - 24 October 2013
            

                Mick Smith spoke on 'The Financing of Claims' at the 21st Investment Treaty Forum Public Meeting: The Economic and Financial Aspects of Investor-State Arbitration.  Mick commented: “My fellow panel members and I enjoyed the discussion with a well-informed audience, and found a pleasantly surprising degree of consensus on issues such as disclosure that affect our industry”.
            










Guildhall Commercial Seminar

                The Watershed, Bristol - 17 October 2013
            

                Leslie Perrin spoke at the Guildhall Chambers' 6th annual seminar in Bristol as Chair of Calunius Capital LLP and the Association of Litigation Funders.  This year's seminar focused on 'Damages claims – the foundations, formulation and litigation funding'.  Leslie shared the session with Adrian Palmer QC of Guildhall Chambers; the topic: 'Damaged based agreements and funding of mid tier commercial claims'.
            










Annual Conference of the International Bar Association 2013

                Boston - 6 to 11 October 2013
            

                Mick Smith spoke at this year's IBC Annual Conference in Boston at the session on 'Hot topics in arbitration'.  The Preliminary Program is attached.
            










Recent developments in German and British litigation proceedings

                BCCG - 13 September 2013
            

                Christian Stuerwald spoke at the British Chamber of Commerce in Germany, UK Region's conference on "Litigation and Arbitration Funding of large commercial disputes in the UK and Germany".  Please click on the title above for more details.
            










Vor Gericht mit Hilfe der Prozessfinanzierung ('Before the Court with the help of Litigation Funding')

                Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung (FAZ) - 25 June 2013
            

                "Before the Court with the help of Litigation Funding" - Calunius Capital LLP was mentioned in an article in one of Germany’s leading daily newspapers, Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung (FAZ), as a leading provider of litigation funding, in particular in the area of cartel follow-on actions. 
            










Financier Worldwide - TalkingPoint - April 2013

                FW moderated at a discussion looking at third-party litigation funding
            

                Mick Smith participated in Financier Worldwide's April 2013 edition of TalkingPoint.  The topic: Opportunities for Third-party Litigation Funding.  He was joined by Tom Custance at Fox Williams LLP and James E. Tyrrell at Patton Boggs LLP.
            










Arbitration Funding Masterclass (Thomson Reuters)

                Mick Smith gives a Masterclass on Arbitration Funding
            

                Mick Smith reviews the principal issues that arise when considering and/or using third party funding to finance arbitration and how they are handled in practice.
Following on from "Litigation Funding", this masterclass is essential for legal professionals and businesses involved in commercial and international arbitration. 


            










To purchase a copy of "Third Party Funding in International Arbitration" please use this link to take you through to the publisher’s website. 














Third-party funders face tougher rules

                Rachel Rothwell - The Law Society Gazette - 8 February 2013
            

                Leslie Perrin, ALF’s Chair, reveals the introduction of tougher rules to ensure its members have the capital needed to fulfil their commitments.
            










No hALF measures

                Edward Machin - CDR - 27 February 2013
            

                Edward Machin’s article highlights the high standards for membership to the Association of Litigation Funders, the obvious advantages of engaging its members and the risks involved in a market that is still very young and constantly changing. (CDR - subscription only.)
            










Conference: International Disputes Resolution involving Russian and CIS Companies

                Sofitel St James Hotel, London | February 27 and 28, 2013
            

                Calunius Capital LLP was a Session Sponsor at the 2nd Annual Conference: International Dispute Resolution Involving Russian and CIS Companies.  Leslie Perrin spoke on Thursday, 28th February on 'Funding for Litigation and Arbitration: Overcoming Practical Difficulties and Enhancing your Chances for Success in Dispute Resolution'.  Dany Khayat from Mayer Brown mediated.
            










Seminar - Introduction to Litigation Funding

                The Bar Council Offices | 5 February 2013
            

                Leslie Perrin gave an introduction to the legal, commercial and regulatory aspects of the funding of large scale commercial litigation and arbitration in both domestic and international contexts
            










Litigation Funding - Funding The Fight

                Chris Crowe - Legal Business - December 2012/January 2013
            

                Third Party Funding is making an impact and is here to stay ...
            










The Association for International Arbitration - newsletter

                "In Touch" - January 2013
            

                The Association for International Arbitration has published the January 2013 edition of their monthly newsletter "In Touch" which includes a book review by Yaroslava Sorokhtey of Third Party Funding in International Arbitration which contains a chapter by Mick Smith entitled "Mechanics of Third-Party Funding Agreements: a Funder's Perspective" - see page 4.

            










32nd Annual Meeting of the ICC Institute of World Business Law - Third Party Funding in International Arbitration

                Paris - 26 November 2012
            

                Calunius Capital LLP sponsored the ICC's 32nd Annual Meeting in Paris and hosted the evening's Cocktail Reception. This year's conference addressed Third Party Funding in International Arbitration.

            










The great treaty funding debate

                Edward Machin - CDR - 25 October, 2012
            

                The debate over the benefits of funding treaty claims continues in this article by Edward Machin in this week's Commercial Dispute Resolution.
            










Investment Funds looking to fund cases in Spain.

                Expansion - 26 October 2012 
            

                Calunious is mentioned in the Spanish periodical Expansion in an article on the growing cost of disputes and the business opportunity for international funding (Spanish language).
            










Calunius invests in pan-European cartel litigation worth hundreds of millions

                Litigation Futures - 5 October 2012
            

                CDC and Calunius announce strategic investments by the Calunius Fund

            










3rd Annual GAR Live London

                The Bloomsbury Hotel, London - 8 November 2012
            

                Mick Smith will be discussing the benefits of litigation funding at this year's GAR Live debate “This house believes third party funding is the greatest development since sliced bread”

            










ADR in Asia Conference 2012. Party Autonomy: Does Party Autonomy Help or Hinder the Arbitral Process?

                Hong Kong - 17 October 2012
            

                Mick Smith spoke at the ADR in Asia Conference held in Hong Kong on 'Third Party Funding - Who Holds the Purse Strings in an Arbitration? (And How Does that Affect the Arbitral Process)'.  The ADR in Asia Conference is organised annually by the Hong Kong International Arbitration Centre.
            










Acquisition International | The Growth of Litigation Funding

                August 2012 | page 24
            

                Leslie Perrin contributed to August's Sector Spotlight focus - The Growth of Litigation Funding.
            










CDC and Calunius announce strategic investments by the Calunius Fund

                Press Release - 4 October 2012
            

                The CDC Cartel Damage Claims group of companies (“CDC”) and Calunius Capital LLP are pleased to announce a series of strategic investments in CDC by the Calunius Litigation Risk Fund LP (“the Calunius Fund”), a market leader in the funding of complex commercial litigation and arbitration. 
            










Rusoro initiates arbitration against Venezuela before ICSID

                Reuters - 18 July 2012
            

                Local news report on the Rusoro Mining Ltd. v. The Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela arbitration 
            










NAI Young Arbitration Practitioners 

                Rotterdam - 27 September 2012
            

                The Netherlands Arbitration Institute created the working group NAI Young Arbitration Practitioners (NAI Jong Oranje) in order to offer anyone under forty years old who is interested in arbitration a platform for discussing various current and practical topics. Mick Smith and Lisa Bench of Conway & Partners NV will be speaking on the topic of Third Party Funding in The Netherlands this September.
            










Bolivia claim attracts third-party funder

                Sebastian Perry - GAR - 5 July 2012
            

                Rurelec completes $15.45 million Fund Raising - Mick Smith comments in Global Arbitration Review’s recent article.  
            










Rusoro Reports Closing of Arbitration Costs Financing

                15 June 2012
            












Funder on board for new Venezuela claim

                Sebastian Perry, GAR - 20 June 2012
            












Rusoro and Calunius join forces to fight Venezuela nationalisation 

                GLG - Edward Machin, CDR - 18 June 2012 
            












Third party litigation funding and the future of the voluntary code

                London - 28 November 2012
            

                Leslie Perrin, Chairman of Calunius Capital is speaking in his capacity as Chair of the Association of Litigation Funders on “The future of the market - growth, standards and the voluntary code”.  The seminar is being run by the Westminster Legal Policy Forum.
            










Conference on Arbitrations between Russian and German parties

                Hamburg – 8 June 2012
            

                Christian Stuerwald was invited to give a presentation on arbitration funding for companies that do business with CIS countries at a conference in Hamburg.  
The conference was co-hosted by the Hamburg Chamber of Commerce and the Russian-CIS Arbitration Network (“RCAN”).

            










ICC YAF Event - Third Party Funding in International Arbitration 

                Frankfurt – 25 May 2012
            

                Christian Stuerwald was invited to speak at a Round Table discussion organised by the ICC YAF (Young Arbitrators Forum) to discuss Third Party Funding in International Arbitration which was held in Frankfurt on 25 May 2012.  Christian spoke on the Code of Conduct for Litigation Funders in England & Wales, funders’ key commercial considerations, adverse costs/security for costs risk and the difference he perceives between the German and London markets.
            










Auf Wiedersehen Allianz: litigation funding in Germany

                Commercial Dispute Resolution - 10 April 2012 - Aleks Vickovich reporting 
            

                Christian Stuerwald, the former head of litigation funding at Allianz UK and now Partner with Calunius Capital, comments in Aleks Vickovich's article on litigation funding in Germany and Allianz’s withdrawal from the market.  (Please note that only subscribers to CDR magazine will be able to view the article.)

            










DBAs under scrutiny

                Litigation Funding - February 2012 - Rachel Rothwell reporting
            

                This article appeared in Litigation Funding magazine and reported on an event held at Herbert Smith’s offices in January.  Leading experts, including Leslie Perrin, examined the impact of contingency fees which are due to be introduced in April 2013.


            










Calunius is pleased to be working with Oxus Gold plc.

                Click here to read the company’s Stock Exchange announcement - 1 March 2012
            












The third way

                The Lawyer - 6 February 2012
            

                Third party litigation funding was the topic discussed by The Lawyer’s panel this week and Calunius’  Christian Stuerwald was asked for his reaction.


            










Emerging Risks on Dual Frontiers: Perspectives on Potential Liabilities in the New Decade

                 The Waldorf Hotel, London  12-13 April 2012
            

                Leslie Perrin, Chairman of Calunius Capital LLP, is a guest speaker at this forthcoming conference on the topic of Third Party Litigation Finance.
            










Litigation funders respond to US calls for increased regulation 

                Edward Machin, Commercial Dispute Resolution - 3 February 2012
            

                All hell broke loose last week in the world of litigation funding. There was a debate in the House of Lords on the Legal Aid and Sentencing and Punishment of Offenders Bill which included half an hour on litigation funding. This was instigated by an extraordinary lobbying effort by none other than the US Chamber of Commerce, the mouthpiece of Global Big Business and Enemy of Access to Justice, whose main purpose in life is to preserve the inbuilt advantage in litigation held by the biggest of businesses. The US Chamber rightly perceives litigation funding and the Access to Justice that it gives to SMEs as a serious challenge to the US Chamber’s members. The Chamber’s position has stimulated a series of replies from litigation funders. Here you will find a selection starting with articles in CDR (above) and Rachel Rothwell’s article in Law Society Gazette (below). A copy of the Parliamentary Briefing prepared by the Association of Litigation Funders of England & Wales can also be found below.
            










Storm raging over investing in litigation

                Rachel Rothwell - Law Society Gazette - 7 February 2012
            












Parliamentary Briefing - Litigation Funding and Access to Justice 

                The Association of Litigation Funders of England & Wales - 27 January 2012
            












Litigation: asset or liability?   How contingency fees could change commercial litigation

                Herbert Smith - 25 January 2012
            

                Litigation powerhouse, Herbert Smith, recently held a seminar to discuss how anticipated changes to the costs and funding regime are likely to change the litigation landscape.  Calunius chairman Leslie Perrin, was one of the speakers along with Lord Justice Jackson.  Here is a copy of Herbert Smith’s bulletin following the seminar and a link to a fuller version of the report on Herbert Smith’s "litigation notes" blog.
            










Litigation Funding: Status and Issues

                Effective regulation is key to the sustainability of litigation funding    - 20 January 2012
            

                A report to be published later this month by researchers at the University of Oxford comes to the conclusion that litigation funding is useful in granting access to justice; the report further addresses the question whether effective regulation is needed within the sector to protect the integrity of all parties.  Calunius participated in the market survey carried out by the researchers and we hope that with the help of the newly established Association of Litigation Funders, third party funders will agree to abide by the new Code of Conduct for Litigation Funding.  For further information, please refer to the University’s website.
            










Taking on Tbilisi: litigation funding in action

                5 January 2012
            

                If you are fortunate enough to subscribe to Global Arbitration Review you can read an article by Calunius’ Christian Stuerwald and Mick Smith deliberating the Fuchs and Kardassopoulos v Georgia ICSID case.  It is unusual that details of an investment treaty claim supported by litigation funding are released into the public domain.


            










Third-Party Litigation Funding: Movements in the German Marketplace

                Peter Bert's Blog about Litigation, Arbitration and Mediation in Germany - 12 December 2011
            












Lecture by Lord Justice Jackson on the ALF Code of Conduct

                The Royal Courts of Justice - 23 November 2011
            

                At a reception in the Painted Room of The Royal Courts of Justice on Wednesday 23rd November, Lord Justice Jackson delivered a lecture on the Code of Conduct of the Association of Litigation Funders of England and Wales.  Since the Code of Conduct itself emerged as a result of recommendations in Lord Jackson’s report (chapter 11), his views on the Code are seen as essential reading for anyone interested in litigation funding.  The lecture is reproduced in full in the attachment.
            










Code of Conduct set up for litigation funders

                Financial Times - Caroline Binham - 24 November 2011
            

                A very interesting piece on the Code of Conduct appeared in the Financial Times on 24th November (for those of you behind the paywall you’ll find it dated 23rd November).
            










CJC and ALF press release - 23 November 2011

                Code of Conduct of Litigation Funders
            

                In the flurry of excitement around the launch of the Association of Litigation Funders of England and Wales and their Code of Conduct Leslie Perrin, now Chairman of both the new Association and of Calunius, thought you might like to see the press release issued on 23 November by the Civil Justice Council and the Association.
            










Voluntary code & membership body launched for third party litigation funders

                Legal Week - Suzi Ring - 24 November 2011
            












Code for third-party ligitation funders gets green light

                Law Society Gazette - 15 November 2011 - Rachel Rothwell
            

                The Calunius Chairman, Leslie Perrin, has been a member of the Civil Justice Council Working Party which has now completed its task of devising a Code of Conduct for Litigation Funding in England and Wales.  More to follow but here is a teaser from the Law Society Gazette.

            










The growing acceptance of litigation funding

                31st October 2011
            

                The current issue of industry magazine ‘Litigation Funding’ features an article by Calunius chairman Leslie Perrin and Calunius head of underwriting Christian Stuerwald on the growing acceptance of litigation funding by corporate claimants. The article describes two cases supported by the Calunius Fund, and the way the corporate minds in each case came to the conclusion that litigation funding was the right thing to do both from a risk management perspective and to allow them to concentrate on core business activities.
            










Allianz to discontinue Litigation Funding business – other providers rate the business highly

                Allianz ProzessFinanzierung - 27 October 2011
            

                The Allianz litigation funding subsidiary in Germany today announced that it will discontinue its business activity; the group wants to concentrate on its core activity. Existing litigation funding agreements will be complied with until the cases are concluded, but no new cases will be funded. Because the average lifetime of a funded case is between 2 and 3 years, this means that the company will still be active in the market for the coming years.

Calunius‘ Christian Stuerwald, who worked for Allianz until 2009, comments on the development as follows: “The subsidiary has become the victim of its own success in my view; after the humble beginnings of 2002 the industry and the company with it grew steadily, which led to greater demand for the funding of large commercial claims directed against very large corporate entities. Due to the fact that Allianz is one of the largest insurers in the world, numerous conflicts of interests ensued where the group acted as insurer of defendant companies. This irresolvable systemic conflict is in my view the best reason why litigation funding for large commercial disputes should be done by solvent and independent entities like Calunius.”

            










"The Essential Costs, Damages, Insurance & More Update for Commercial Litigators"

                Dean Court Chambers, Manchester, 20 October 2011
            

                Mick Smith was a keynote speaker at "The Essential Costs, Damages, Insurance & More Update for Commercial Litigators"
            










Elvis v RCA Recordings

                The Times - p35 - 30th August 2011
            

                Litigation Funders to “The King”.  

It is with immense pride that Calunius is able to announce that the Calunius Fund is funding litigation by Elvis Presley Enterprises against the successors to RCA Records, now part of the Sony Group.  The case alleges that the Buy Out Agreement of February 1973, whereby RCA acquired the world-wide rights to the entire Elvis Presley back-catalogue was a “Conspicuously Disproportionate” bargain and that the Court should step in and impose “Equitable Remuneration” on the deal, particularly in the light of recent changes in German law that have extended the period of copyright protection to 50 years. 
The case is proceeding in the Munich Regional Court under German copyright law.
Most cases that are funded by the Calunius Fund are confidential.  However, in these circumstances, Elvis Presley Enterprises have agreed that publication was in the best interests of the litigation and we are delighted to have the opportunity to shine some light on the progress of our business as it becomes one of the leading names in large scale international commercial litigation funding.

            










Elvis Presley Estate Sues to Recover Ringtone Revenue

                The Hollywood Reporter - August 31, 2011 (Eriq Gardner)
            

                It’s not often we turn up in Hollywood but we’re mentioned in a piece on Elvis Presley in yesterday’s The Hollywood Reporter.
            










All shook up

                The Lawyer, 31 August 2011 (Joanne Harris)
            

                In the riot of press coverage over the Elvis case, this report in The Lawyer struck us as well-balanced and perceptive.
            










Litigation Funders poised to prove finances in place

                The Lawyer - 8 August 2011
            

                As you can see Calunius helped The Lawyer to prepare this article, but that did not prevent The Lawyer from getting a few things “not quite right”.  Lord Justice Jackson broadly approved Litigation Funding in his Review of Civil Litigation Costs, saying “[litigation] funding is beneficial and should be supported”.  It is public knowledge that he set out three issues to be covered in a voluntary Code of Conduct; withdrawal by the funder, the funder’s role in settlement negotiations and capital adequacy requirements to be imposed on funders.  All these issues are now the subject of discussions in a working party chaired by Michael Napier QC and working under the auspices of the Civil Justice Council.  Leslie Perrin, the Chairman of Calunius, is a member of the working party.  There is no reluctance whatsoever on the part of reputable funders to face these issues.  In fact there is genuine enthusiasm on most funders’ part to set a high bar for the industry’s conduct, especially when it comes to financial soundness.  In this respect, observers should bear in mind that Calunius Capital, which  has been authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority as an Investment Adviser since June 2007, acts as the adviser to the Calunius Litigation Risk Fund LP (“The Calunius Fund”), a £40 million private fund based in Guernsey. The Calunius Fund is authorised and regulated by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission.
            










Although we don’t agree with some of its findings, it is a useful look past the current MoJ consultation on Jackson and gives one man’s view of a brave new post-Jackson world.

                "Low going" - The Lawyer 21st March 2011
            












Litigation fund raises £40m

                FT.com 31 January 2011
            












Calunius Capital raises £40m fund

                Law Society Gazette 27 January 2011
            












Specialist broker raises £40m to invest in litigation cases

                Legal Week 18 January 2011
            












An overview of dispute resolution - litigation lawyers report a definite uptick in disputes work.

                The Legal 500 
            












Top 20 cases of 2011

                The Lawyer 3 January 2011
            












The pioneers of third-party litigation look for a market

                City AM 10th November 2010
            












Third-party funders to form association to oversee code of conduct

                Law Society's Gazette 04 Mar 2010 
            












Litigation Finance follows credit crunch 

                Financial Times 27 Jan 2010 
            












Litigation Costs under scrutiny in the UK

                The AM Law Daily 20 January 2010
            












Addleshaws secures funding for £50m litigation

                Legal Week 23 October 2008
            












Leslie Perrin is a key-note speaker at: "So You Want to Be a Non-Executive Director?" - 14 April 2011 

                The Financial Times Non-Executive Directors' Club 
            












Leslie Perrin & Christian Stuerwald spoke at "Maximising Opportunities in Litigation Funding" - 25 May 2011

                Butterworths® Conferences 
            












Round Table on Investment Law and Investment Arbitration

                Frankfurt - 16 November 2011
            

                Calunius’ Christian Stuerwald spoke at the 7th Annual Meeting of the ‘Gespraechskreis Investitionsrecht und –schiedsgerichtsbarkeit’ (Round table on investment law and investment arbitration) about ‘Managing the costs of investment protection treaty claims by way of Litigation Funding agreements’ in Frankfurt on 16th November 2011.
            












News archive:

View all

2017

2016

2012

2013

2015

2014

2011

2010

2008





Calunius news and media


Litigation Funding: Analysis and New Trends of Third Party Funding

                Turin, July 2017
            

                Calunius' Christian Stuerwald spoke at this event hosted by Associazione Professionisti d'Affari. The purpose of the conference was to explain the 'phenomenon' of litigation financing from both the legal and funder's perspective through the involvement of the various stakeholders: the arbitral institution, the investor, the funder, the broker, the arbitrator, the lawyer, the expert and the in-house counsel. Please click on the headline to access the full programme.
            










International Arbitration Club Lunch 

                London, 20 June 2017
            

                Calunius' Mick Smith was a speaker at the Club Lunch Meeting; he addressed "Defining the indefinable - Industry Perspectives on Third Party Funding (TPF) in International Arbitration". There is lots of noise about third party funding in international arbitration circles, and somewhat less fact and knowledge.  Mick demystified TPF and also provided his own perspectives on where the industry is today and where it is heading.
            










Advanced EU Competition Law conference

                London, 16 May 2017
            

                Calunius' Christian Stuerwald discussed a range of topics under the headline 'Private Enforcement: Different Parties, Different Objectives' with fellow practitioners from other stakeholders on the first day of the main conference. Monetization of cartel follow-on claims was a topic of particular interest. Please click on the headline to access the full programme and list of speakers.
            










VIEW ALL NEWS ARTICLES


Can't find what you're looking for?
Submit a question
















©2017 Calunius Capital LLP. All rights reserved.
Disclaimer
Terms & conditions




Calunius Capital LLP ("Calunius Capital") is authorised and regulated as an Investment Adviser by the Financial Conduct Authority and acts as the sole Investment Adviser to the Calunius Litigation Risk Fund LP and the Calunius Litigation Risk Fund 2 LP (the “Calunius Funds”).























		Commercial Litigation  Funding & Arbitration Finance| Calunius Capital Litigation Funding
	






















 





tel: +44 20 3142 8330









home


our team


mark wells


leslie perrin


christian stuerwald


mick smith


diana gruen


christiane deniger



LITIGATION FUNDING


Arbitration


Litigation


Case Assessment


Our Value Proposition



Who Uses Litigation Funding?


The Solvent Business


David v Goliath


Aggregating Smaller Claims



REGULATORY
The ALF
FAQS
contact us







						A market leader in large scale
						Commercial Litigation Funding
					







The Calunius Funds provide finance for the legal and associated costs of large international arbitration and litigation disputes, enabling businesses and individuals to manage the financial risk of enforcing their meritorious commercial claims through legal action.
Arbitration and litigation funding generally covers the payment in full of lawyers, experts and court fees.  The Calunius Funds will also make provision for adverse costs to be covered in the event that proceedings are unsuccessful and the costs of the other side have to be paid.
In suitable cases, in addition to funding legal costs, the Calunius Funds can also provide corporate funding to assist businesses to manage their cash flows during sometimes lengthy proceedings.
The Calunius Funds hold more than £200million in capital commitments on behalf of our investors, with whom co-investment and syndication structures are in place that mean that no case is too large for the Calunius Funds.
The combined litigation funding experience of the London team at Calunius Capital extends over more than 40 years.  The members of the team have committed tens of millions of pounds of funding for litigation and arbitration costs since 2000, including cases of exceptional size and complexity.
The international reach of business disputes has led to Calunius funded cases being heard all over the world, including in London, Paris, Washington DC, Amsterdam, Munich, Dusseldorf and Helsinki.
All enquiries for litigation funding from the Calunius Funds should be sent to Calunius Capital, where you will find the team to be both approachable and knowledgeable.
If you would like further information please contact a member of the Calunius Capital team on +44 203 142 8330 or email us at info@calunius.com.
 



Calunius news and media


Litigation Funding: Analysis and New Trends of Third Party Funding

                Turin, July 2017
            

                Calunius' Christian Stuerwald spoke at this event hosted by Associazione Professionisti d'Affari. The purpose of the conference was to explain the 'phenomenon' of litigation financing from both the legal and funder's perspective through the involvement of the various stakeholders: the arbitral institution, the investor, the funder, the broker, the arbitrator, the lawyer, the expert and the in-house counsel. Please click on the headline to access the full programme.
            










International Arbitration Club Lunch 

                London, 20 June 2017
            

                Calunius' Mick Smith was a speaker at the Club Lunch Meeting; he addressed "Defining the indefinable - Industry Perspectives on Third Party Funding (TPF) in International Arbitration". There is lots of noise about third party funding in international arbitration circles, and somewhat less fact and knowledge.  Mick demystified TPF and also provided his own perspectives on where the industry is today and where it is heading.
            










Advanced EU Competition Law conference

                London, 16 May 2017
            

                Calunius' Christian Stuerwald discussed a range of topics under the headline 'Private Enforcement: Different Parties, Different Objectives' with fellow practitioners from other stakeholders on the first day of the main conference. Monetization of cartel follow-on claims was a topic of particular interest. Please click on the headline to access the full programme and list of speakers.
            










VIEW ALL NEWS ARTICLES


Can't find what you're looking for?
Submit a question
















©2017 Calunius Capital LLP. All rights reserved.
Disclaimer
Terms & conditions




Calunius Capital LLP ("Calunius Capital") is authorised and regulated as an Investment Adviser by the Financial Conduct Authority and acts as the sole Investment Adviser to the Calunius Litigation Risk Fund LP and the Calunius Litigation Risk Fund 2 LP (the “Calunius Funds”).























		Mark Wells Commercial Finance & Valuation |  Calunius Capital Litigation Funding
	






















 





tel: +44 20 3142 8330









home


our team


mark wells


leslie perrin


christian stuerwald


mick smith


diana gruen


christiane deniger



LITIGATION FUNDING


Arbitration


Litigation


Case Assessment


Our Value Proposition



Who Uses Litigation Funding?


The Solvent Business


David v Goliath


Aggregating Smaller Claims



REGULATORY
The ALF
FAQS
contact us







						A market leader in large scale
						Commercial Litigation Funding
					







Mark Wells, Managing Partner

 
 
Mark Wells is the managing partner of Calunius Capital.
 Mark’s professional career includes 20 years in investment banking, principally in the field of derivatives. Mark left the banking industry in 2006 when he became one of the founding partners of Calunius Capital with the goal of providing litigants with solutions to the financial risk of litigation and arbitration. 
 
 
Mark’s professional life has been spent in valuing contingent assets from an investment banking point of view. He takes the view that there could be no better example of a contingent asset than a claimant’s rights in a piece of litigation or arbitration. It is therefore easy to see why Mark is so heavily involved in the assessment of the financial and valuation aspects of the cases in which Calunius has the opportunity to invest. 

Mark has a degree in Engineering from Cambridge University.


Contact Mark Wells
Direct phone: +44 20 3142 8338
Mobile: +44 7904 910790
Email: mark.wells@calunius.com
Download Mark's V-Card >>

<< Back to our team


Calunius news and media


Litigation Funding: Analysis and New Trends of Third Party Funding

                Turin, July 2017
            

                Calunius' Christian Stuerwald spoke at this event hosted by Associazione Professionisti d'Affari. The purpose of the conference was to explain the 'phenomenon' of litigation financing from both the legal and funder's perspective through the involvement of the various stakeholders: the arbitral institution, the investor, the funder, the broker, the arbitrator, the lawyer, the expert and the in-house counsel. Please click on the headline to access the full programme.
            










International Arbitration Club Lunch 

                London, 20 June 2017
            

                Calunius' Mick Smith was a speaker at the Club Lunch Meeting; he addressed "Defining the indefinable - Industry Perspectives on Third Party Funding (TPF) in International Arbitration". There is lots of noise about third party funding in international arbitration circles, and somewhat less fact and knowledge.  Mick demystified TPF and also provided his own perspectives on where the industry is today and where it is heading.
            










Advanced EU Competition Law conference

                London, 16 May 2017
            

                Calunius' Christian Stuerwald discussed a range of topics under the headline 'Private Enforcement: Different Parties, Different Objectives' with fellow practitioners from other stakeholders on the first day of the main conference. Monetization of cartel follow-on claims was a topic of particular interest. Please click on the headline to access the full programme and list of speakers.
            










VIEW ALL NEWS ARTICLES


Can't find what you're looking for?
Submit a question
















©2017 Calunius Capital LLP. All rights reserved.
Disclaimer
Terms & conditions




Calunius Capital LLP ("Calunius Capital") is authorised and regulated as an Investment Adviser by the Financial Conduct Authority and acts as the sole Investment Adviser to the Calunius Litigation Risk Fund LP and the Calunius Litigation Risk Fund 2 LP (the “Calunius Funds”).























		Contact Us For Third Party Litigation Funding |  Calunius Capital Litigation Funding
	






















 





tel: +44 20 3142 8330









home


our team


mark wells


leslie perrin


christian stuerwald


mick smith


diana gruen


christiane deniger



LITIGATION FUNDING


Arbitration


Litigation


Case Assessment


Our Value Proposition



Who Uses Litigation Funding?


The Solvent Business


David v Goliath


Aggregating Smaller Claims



REGULATORY
The ALF
FAQS
contact us







						A market leader in large scale
						Commercial Litigation Funding
					







 


Calunius Capital LLP 11 HaymarketLondon SW1Y 4BPUnited Kingdom Tel: +44 20 3142 8330 Email: info@calunius.com


Nearest mainline rail station:
London Charing Cross
Nearest underground stations:
Piccadilly: Piccadilly and Bakerloo Lines
Leicester Square: Piccadilly and Northern Lines
Green Park: Piccadilly, Victoria and Jubilee Lines
Embankment: Circle, District, Bakerloo and Northern Lines
Nearest car parking:
Leicester Square Car Park, 39-41 Whitcomb Street, London WC2H 7DT
St. Vincent House Car Park, 30 Orange Street, London WC2H 7HH
 
 
For more detailed and printable information on transport links please click here and here



Calunius news and media


Litigation Funding: Analysis and New Trends of Third Party Funding

                Turin, July 2017
            

                Calunius' Christian Stuerwald spoke at this event hosted by Associazione Professionisti d'Affari. The purpose of the conference was to explain the 'phenomenon' of litigation financing from both the legal and funder's perspective through the involvement of the various stakeholders: the arbitral institution, the investor, the funder, the broker, the arbitrator, the lawyer, the expert and the in-house counsel. Please click on the headline to access the full programme.
            










International Arbitration Club Lunch 

                London, 20 June 2017
            

                Calunius' Mick Smith was a speaker at the Club Lunch Meeting; he addressed "Defining the indefinable - Industry Perspectives on Third Party Funding (TPF) in International Arbitration". There is lots of noise about third party funding in international arbitration circles, and somewhat less fact and knowledge.  Mick demystified TPF and also provided his own perspectives on where the industry is today and where it is heading.
            










Advanced EU Competition Law conference

                London, 16 May 2017
            

                Calunius' Christian Stuerwald discussed a range of topics under the headline 'Private Enforcement: Different Parties, Different Objectives' with fellow practitioners from other stakeholders on the first day of the main conference. Monetization of cartel follow-on claims was a topic of particular interest. Please click on the headline to access the full programme and list of speakers.
            










VIEW ALL NEWS ARTICLES


Can't find what you're looking for?
Submit a question
















©2017 Calunius Capital LLP. All rights reserved.
Disclaimer
Terms & conditions




Calunius Capital LLP ("Calunius Capital") is authorised and regulated as an Investment Adviser by the Financial Conduct Authority and acts as the sole Investment Adviser to the Calunius Litigation Risk Fund LP and the Calunius Litigation Risk Fund 2 LP (the “Calunius Funds”).























		Commercial Litigation Funding | Litigation Finance UK|  Calunius Capital Litigation Funding
	






















 





tel: +44 20 3142 8330









home


our team


mark wells


leslie perrin


christian stuerwald


mick smith


diana gruen


christiane deniger



LITIGATION FUNDING


Arbitration


Litigation


Case Assessment


Our Value Proposition



Who Uses Litigation Funding?


The Solvent Business


David v Goliath


Aggregating Smaller Claims



REGULATORY
The ALF
FAQS
contact us







						A market leader in large scale
						Commercial Litigation Funding
					







Litigation Funding
Litigation Funding from the Calunius Fund enables Claimants in litigation or arbitration to manage their costs risks. Those costs risks include lawyers’ fees, the costs of expert witnesses, Court fees and other expenses, including the possibility of having to pay the other side’s costs if the claim is unsuccessful.
Litigation Funding is entirely success-dependent. If the claim turns out to be unsuccessful and the Claimant has performed its obligations, there is nothing to pay.
Calunius’ return from successful cases normally comes in the form of either a multiple of the sums invested or a percentage of the damages paid.
There is a major advantage when Claimants secure Litigation Funding from The Calunius Fund. Whilst there is no obligation to notify the other parties to litigation that the Claimant has secured Litigation Funding, Defendants to a claim that is understood to be supported by the Calunius Fund will know that the case against them has been professionally appraised and approved by experts independent of the Claimant, both as to the merits and as to quantum.


 




Calunius news and media


Litigation Funding: Analysis and New Trends of Third Party Funding

                Turin, July 2017
            

                Calunius' Christian Stuerwald spoke at this event hosted by Associazione Professionisti d'Affari. The purpose of the conference was to explain the 'phenomenon' of litigation financing from both the legal and funder's perspective through the involvement of the various stakeholders: the arbitral institution, the investor, the funder, the broker, the arbitrator, the lawyer, the expert and the in-house counsel. Please click on the headline to access the full programme.
            










International Arbitration Club Lunch 

                London, 20 June 2017
            

                Calunius' Mick Smith was a speaker at the Club Lunch Meeting; he addressed "Defining the indefinable - Industry Perspectives on Third Party Funding (TPF) in International Arbitration". There is lots of noise about third party funding in international arbitration circles, and somewhat less fact and knowledge.  Mick demystified TPF and also provided his own perspectives on where the industry is today and where it is heading.
            










Advanced EU Competition Law conference

                London, 16 May 2017
            

                Calunius' Christian Stuerwald discussed a range of topics under the headline 'Private Enforcement: Different Parties, Different Objectives' with fellow practitioners from other stakeholders on the first day of the main conference. Monetization of cartel follow-on claims was a topic of particular interest. Please click on the headline to access the full programme and list of speakers.
            










VIEW ALL NEWS ARTICLES


Can't find what you're looking for?
Submit a question
















©2017 Calunius Capital LLP. All rights reserved.
Disclaimer
Terms & conditions




Calunius Capital LLP ("Calunius Capital") is authorised and regulated as an Investment Adviser by the Financial Conduct Authority and acts as the sole Investment Adviser to the Calunius Litigation Risk Fund LP and the Calunius Litigation Risk Fund 2 LP (the “Calunius Funds”).























		Mick Smith Cross-Border Litigation|Calunius Capital Litigation Funding
	






















 





tel: +44 20 3142 8330









home


our team


mark wells


leslie perrin


christian stuerwald


mick smith


diana gruen


christiane deniger



LITIGATION FUNDING


Arbitration


Litigation


Case Assessment


Our Value Proposition



Who Uses Litigation Funding?


The Solvent Business


David v Goliath


Aggregating Smaller Claims



REGULATORY
The ALF
FAQS
contact us







						A market leader in large scale
						Commercial Litigation Funding
					







Mick Smith, Partner & Co-Founder

 
 
 
Mick Smith was a co-founder of Calunius Capital with Mark Wells in 2006. He is responsible for origination and transaction execution at Calunius. He is also Calunius’ Compliance Officer.
Mick qualified as a solicitor at Freshfields in 1996. Subsequently he worked in finance in a variety of investment banking roles. He studied Mathematics and then Law at Cambridge University.
Mick is much sought after as a conference speaker, not only on all aspects of litigation funding, but also international arbitration, arising from both commercial and investment treaty disputes. He is also regarded as a “go to” speaker on competition law claims, especially private damages follow on claims.
Mick has also written extensively on these subjects.
 
Mick also presents a free online professional development programme on Arbitration Funding -  view here >>.
 
Download Mick’s full bio >>

Contact Mick Smith
Direct phone: +44 20 3142 8339
Mobile: +44 7973 660718
Email: mick.smith@calunius.com
Download Mick's V-Card >>

<< Back to our team


Calunius news and media


Litigation Funding: Analysis and New Trends of Third Party Funding

                Turin, July 2017
            

                Calunius' Christian Stuerwald spoke at this event hosted by Associazione Professionisti d'Affari. The purpose of the conference was to explain the 'phenomenon' of litigation financing from both the legal and funder's perspective through the involvement of the various stakeholders: the arbitral institution, the investor, the funder, the broker, the arbitrator, the lawyer, the expert and the in-house counsel. Please click on the headline to access the full programme.
            










International Arbitration Club Lunch 

                London, 20 June 2017
            

                Calunius' Mick Smith was a speaker at the Club Lunch Meeting; he addressed "Defining the indefinable - Industry Perspectives on Third Party Funding (TPF) in International Arbitration". There is lots of noise about third party funding in international arbitration circles, and somewhat less fact and knowledge.  Mick demystified TPF and also provided his own perspectives on where the industry is today and where it is heading.
            










Advanced EU Competition Law conference

                London, 16 May 2017
            

                Calunius' Christian Stuerwald discussed a range of topics under the headline 'Private Enforcement: Different Parties, Different Objectives' with fellow practitioners from other stakeholders on the first day of the main conference. Monetization of cartel follow-on claims was a topic of particular interest. Please click on the headline to access the full programme and list of speakers.
            










VIEW ALL NEWS ARTICLES


Can't find what you're looking for?
Submit a question
















©2017 Calunius Capital LLP. All rights reserved.
Disclaimer
Terms & conditions




Calunius Capital LLP ("Calunius Capital") is authorised and regulated as an Investment Adviser by the Financial Conduct Authority and acts as the sole Investment Adviser to the Calunius Litigation Risk Fund LP and the Calunius Litigation Risk Fund 2 LP (the “Calunius Funds”).























		Leslie Perrin Chairman of Litigation Finance for  Calunius Capital Litigation Funding
	






















 





tel: +44 20 3142 8330









home


our team


mark wells


leslie perrin


christian stuerwald


mick smith


diana gruen


christiane deniger



LITIGATION FUNDING


Arbitration


Litigation


Case Assessment


Our Value Proposition



Who Uses Litigation Funding?


The Solvent Business


David v Goliath


Aggregating Smaller Claims



REGULATORY
The ALF
FAQS
contact us







						A market leader in large scale
						Commercial Litigation Funding
					







Leslie Perrin, Chairman

Leslie Perrin is the Chairman of Calunius Capital LLP, an office he has held since January 2009.
 
Leslie is also the Chairman of the Association of Litigation Funders of England and Wales, since its establishment in November 2011 and in that capacity is deeply involved in the development of litigation funding as an international phenomenon.
 
Leslie has more than 30 years' experience of litigation markets, having been successively head of litigation, managing partner and senior partner at international law firm, Osborne Clarke. One of his cases still holds the record for a UK jury award of defamation damages against an insured defendant. In other cases, he became recognised as one of the pioneers of group actions in the UK.
 
He acts part-time as the Senior Independent Director of DAS, the UK market leader in legal expenses insurance.
 
Back in March 2012, Leslie was named as one of The Times Law 100, said by The Times to be “a snapshot of those lawyers we believe to be the most influential in society right now".

If you would like to see and hear Leslie in an online presentation about Litigation Funding - click here >> for further information.
 

Contact Leslie Perrin
Direct phone: +44 20 3142 8335
Mobile: +44 7836 606011
Email: leslie.perrin@calunius.com
Download Leslie's V-Card >>

<< Back to our team

 
Leslie Perrin is the Chairman of Calunius Capital LLP, an office he has held since January 2009.
 
 
 
Leslie is also the Chairman of the Association of Litigation Funders of England and Wales, since its establishment in November 2011 and in that capacity is deeply involved in the development of litigation funding as an international phenomenon.
 
Leslie has more than 30 years' experience of litigation markets, having been successively head of litigation, managing partner and senior partner at international law firm, Osborne Clarke. One of his cases still holds the record for a UK jury award of defamation damages against an insured defendant. In other cases, he became recognised as one of the pioneers of group actions in the UK.
 
He acts part-time as the Senior Independent Director of DAS, the UK market leader in legal expenses insurance.
 
 
 
Back in March 2012, Leslie was named as one of The Times Law 100, said by The Times to be “a snapshot of those lawyers we believe to be the most influential in society right now".
 


Calunius news and media


Litigation Funding: Analysis and New Trends of Third Party Funding

                Turin, July 2017
            

                Calunius' Christian Stuerwald spoke at this event hosted by Associazione Professionisti d'Affari. The purpose of the conference was to explain the 'phenomenon' of litigation financing from both the legal and funder's perspective through the involvement of the various stakeholders: the arbitral institution, the investor, the funder, the broker, the arbitrator, the lawyer, the expert and the in-house counsel. Please click on the headline to access the full programme.
            










International Arbitration Club Lunch 

                London, 20 June 2017
            

                Calunius' Mick Smith was a speaker at the Club Lunch Meeting; he addressed "Defining the indefinable - Industry Perspectives on Third Party Funding (TPF) in International Arbitration". There is lots of noise about third party funding in international arbitration circles, and somewhat less fact and knowledge.  Mick demystified TPF and also provided his own perspectives on where the industry is today and where it is heading.
            










Advanced EU Competition Law conference

                London, 16 May 2017
            

                Calunius' Christian Stuerwald discussed a range of topics under the headline 'Private Enforcement: Different Parties, Different Objectives' with fellow practitioners from other stakeholders on the first day of the main conference. Monetization of cartel follow-on claims was a topic of particular interest. Please click on the headline to access the full programme and list of speakers.
            










VIEW ALL NEWS ARTICLES


Can't find what you're looking for?
Submit a question
















©2017 Calunius Capital LLP. All rights reserved.
Disclaimer
Terms & conditions




Calunius Capital LLP ("Calunius Capital") is authorised and regulated as an Investment Adviser by the Financial Conduct Authority and acts as the sole Investment Adviser to the Calunius Litigation Risk Fund LP and the Calunius Litigation Risk Fund 2 LP (the “Calunius Funds”).



























 







Calunius Litigation Risk Fund 3 LP - Investing- Horton  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Calunius Litigation Risk Fund 3 LP

      Industry: Investing
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    C/O Aztec Fin. Services (Guernsey) Ltd. Box 656, East Wing, Trafalgar Court 
    Les Banques, St Peter Port, Y7, GY1 3PPPhone: +44 1481 749700 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-14


New


$81,220,000


$81,220,000


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Matt Horton 
 Director 










 








Calunius Capital LLP, London | Financial Advisers - Yell























































Yell Business
| Get a Free Listing
| Advertise  0800 777 449





 My Account

















keyword



in


location




Search





Advanced Search
My Shortlist

















 More FINANCIAL ADVISERS in London





Share this business:
Share on Google+
Share on Twitter
Share on Facebook











Calunius Capital LLP





Tel:


020 3142 8330







11 Haymarket,

London,

SW1Y 4BP







Visit Website
Map & Directionshttps://www.yell.com/biz/calunius-capital-llp-london-6917875/#view=map









Home

›


London


›


 Financial Advisers



›

Calunius Capital LLP

 



Ratings and Reviews







This business has no reviews.Be first to write one!




Write a review





Help us to improve this listing
Tell us what's wrong!





Is this your business?









Business Overview
Calunius Capital LLP acts as the sole Investment Adviser to the Calunius Litigation Risk Fund LP and the Calunius Litigation Risk Fund 2 LP (the Calunius Funds). The Calunius Funds are focussed exclusively on investments in Litigation Funding and have combined capital commitments of more than 100million. Calunius Capital advises the Calunius Funds on the origination, assessment and execution of funding transactions linked to large scale commercial litigation and arbitration claims in UK and German domestic and international contexts under a wide range of applicable laws.


Services and Products

commercial litigation funding
litigation funding
investment capital




Reviews
There are no reviews for this business, be the first to write a review!


Write a review














Disclaimer: The opinions expressed within Reviews are those of the author and not the views or opinions of Yell Limited. Registered Office: 3 Forbury Place, Forbury Road, Reading, Berkshire, RG1 3YL. Registered in England and Wales No. 4205228 VAT Number: GB 765 346 017. © Yell Limited 2017. All rights reserved. Yell, Yellow Pages, hibu and other ™ are trademarks of Yell Limited.Privacy policy, Cookie policy & Conditions of use






Our Business Products and Services Yell.com |Websites |Connect |Pay-Per-Click (PPC) |Display Advertising |Yellow Pages |Video |Stores |Social Media Advertising Yell Business | Hibu Group | Careers | Yell Home & Garden | Yell Blog | Help & Support | About Yell.com | Yell Mobile | Reviews | Reviews Policy | Modern Slavery Act Statement









 








Calunius Litigation Risk Fund 2 Lp: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 27, 2017 6:18 PM ET

Company Overview of Calunius Litigation Risk Fund 2 Lp



Snapshot People




Company Overview



First FloorDorey Court, Admital ParkSt. Peter Port,  GY1 6HJChannel Islands










Key Executives for Calunius Litigation Risk Fund 2 Lp


Calunius Litigation Risk Fund 2 Lp does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 10 Upper Bank Street Separate Limited Partnership Europe 123 BPR Bidco Limited Europe 1350 Eye Street Ltd. Europe 1540 Broadway 51 Opportunity Ltd. Europe 1540 Broadway Equity Ltd Europe




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Calunius Litigation Risk Fund 2 Lp, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Calunius Litigation Risk Fund 3 LP - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Calunius Litigation Risk Fund 3 LP
List of persons related to the company Calunius Litigation Risk Fund 3 LP. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Calunius Litigation Risk Fund 3 LP.

CIK Number: 0001689337Company address: C/O AZTEC FIN. SERVICES (GUERNSEY) LTD. PO BOX 656, EAST WING, TRAFALGAR COURT LES BANQUES, ST PETER PORT GY1 3PPPhone number: +44 1481 749700



People related to Calunius Litigation Risk Fund 3 LP
NamePositionStreetCityCountryHORTON  MATTc/o Aztec Fin. Services (Guernsey) Ltd. PO Box 656, East Wing, Trafalgar CourtLes Banques, St Peter PortY7




Calunius Litigation Risk Fund 3 LP on the Web
Related companiesCalunius Litigation Risk Fund 2 LP, Calunius Special Opportunities 2 LP












 












CALUNIUS LITIGATION RISK FUND 2 LP Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      CALUNIUS LITIGATION RISK FUND 2 LP
                    

•   ST. PETER PORT, Y7
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Calunius Litigation Risk Fund 2 is based out of St. Peter Port.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2014-01-29.  The notice  included securities offered of Equity
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 1



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from CALUNIUS LITIGATION RISK FUND 2 LP, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




calunius litigation risk fund 2 lp


FIRST FLOOR, DOREY COURT, ADMITAL PARK

ST. PETER PORT
Y7
                                                        
                                                    GY1 6HJ


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      44 01481 704513







Recent SEC Filings




D filed on 01/29/2014
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2014-01-29
D
OTHER

      Equity
    
INDEFINITE
52,157,555
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




MARK   WELLS

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



NIGEL   DE LA RUE

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



TIM   WILSON

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















 

Calunius Litigation Risk Fund 2 Lp -  in Saint Peter Port GY1 3PP - 192.com












































 Businesses 
			
All
People
Businesses
Places
Electoral Roll
Directors









Where














The free school admission research tool by 192.com












192.com
People
Businesses
Places
Schools


Help
Sign In / Register














Overview
Reviews
Map
Neighbours
Property Prices
More






Financial Info




Calunius Litigation Risk Fund 2 Lp




Calunius Litigation Risk Fund 2 Lp
Add review



			
			
			Po Box 656 
			
			Po Box

Guernsey
Channel Islands
GY1 3PP
 View on map









Is this your business?
Claim your business on 192.com to

Appear higher in our search results
Get more clicks
Get more calls


Claim / Edit

















Be the first to review this business


Write about your experience
How to write a review?







How do you rate this business?




Write your opinion  Reviews must contain a minimum of 20 characters


(0 / 2000)




Would you recommend this business to a friend?  
  Yes  
	 No
	


















Map GY1 3PP, Saint Peter Port










Neighbours









Name
Address
Telephone





Charity Flowers


													
							
							
								Po Box 555, Po Box
							
						
					

						
							
							
								
								
									0870 530 0600
								
								
							
						
					



Perquage


													
							
							
								Po Box 342, Po Box
							
						
					

						
							
							
								
								
									014815 208 82
								
								
							
						
					



Bachmann Group


													
							
							
								Po Box 112, Po Box
							
						
					

						
							
							
								
								
									01481 731 050
								
								
							
						
					



Marsh Management


													
							
							
								Po Box 34, Po Box
							
						
					

						
							
							
								
								
									01481 715 300
								
								
							
						
					



Channel Insurance Brokers


													
							
							
								Po Box 664, Po Box
							
						
					

						
							
							
								
								
									01481 726 971
								
								
							
						
					



Watchman Security


													
							
							
								Po Box 564, Po Box
							
						
					

						
							
							
								
								
									01481 200 485
								
								
							
						
					



Wave Telecom Ltd


													
							
							
								Po Box 537, Po Box
							
						
					

						
							
							
								
								
									01481 818 181
								
								
							
						
					



Condor Ferries Freight


													
							
							
								Po Box 10, Po Box
							
						
					

						
							
							
								
								
									01481 728 620
								
								
							
						
					



Investec Asset Management


													
							
							
								Po Box 250, Po Box
							
						
					

						
							
							
								
								
									020 7597 1800
								
								
							
						
					



Trust Ford


													
							
							
								Po Box 168, Po Box
							
						
					

						
							
							
								
								
									01481 724 774
								
								
							
						
					







Property Price and Nearby Property Prices









Property Address
Date Sold
Sold Price






							
								
								
									
									
									54 
									Balsall Street, 
								
							
							Coventry, 
							
								
								
									West Midlands, 
								
							
							CV7 7AP
						



05 Dec 2003
05 Jan 2012



£145,000
£171,000





							
								
								
									
									Clovelly, 
									
									Balsall Street, 
								
							
							Coventry, 
							
								
								
									West Midlands, 
								
							
							CV7 7AP
						



05 Sep 1997



£108,500





							
								
								
									
									Forge Cottage, 
									
									Balsall Street, 
								
							
							Coventry, 
							
								
								
									West Midlands, 
								
							
							CV7 7AP
						



28 Nov 1997



£125,000





							
								
								
									
									Rookery Cottage, 
									
									Balsall Street, 
								
							
							Coventry, 
							
								
								
									West Midlands, 
								
							
							CV7 7AP
						



20 Jan 1997



£100,000





							
								
								
									
									
									40 
									Balsall Street, 
								
							
							Coventry, 
							
								
								
									West Midlands, 
								
							
							CV7 7AP
						



03 Jan 1995
08 Jul 2010



£60,000
£290,000





							
								
								
									
									
									60 
									Balsall Street, 
								
							
							Coventry, 
							
								
								
									West Midlands, 
								
							
							CV7 7AP
						



16 Feb 1996
06 Feb 1997
10 Nov 1999
15 Jul 2005



£110,000
£107,000
£162,000
£320,000





							
								
								
									
									
									50 
									Balsall Street, 
								
							
							Coventry, 
							
								
								
									West Midlands, 
								
							
							CV7 7AP
						



15 Dec 1999
26 May 2006



£85,000
£200,000





							
								
								
									
									
									9 
									Market Street, 
								
							
							Guernsey, 
							
								
								
									Channel Islands, 
								
							
							GY1 1HF
						



07 Apr 2008



£220,000





							
								
								
									
									
									48 
									Balsall Street, 
								
							
							Coventry, 
							
								
								
									West Midlands, 
								
							
							CV7 7AP
						



01 Dec 2009



£200,000





							
								
								
									
									Thurlton, 
									
									Balsall Street, 
								
							
							Coventry, 
							
								
								
									West Midlands, 
								
							
							CV7 7AP
						



20 Jan 2012



£151,000






Source of Info:
 Dun and Bradstreet








Find us on:
 
 
 


Cookie Policy
Terms
Privacy
International
Our Blog
People A-Z
Businesses A-Z
About Us
Partner with 192.com
© 192.com Ltd

















