

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 







Cambridge West 2 LLC - Other Real Estate- Cambridge West Partners Llc  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Cambridge West 2 LLC

      Industry: Other Real Estate
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    1 Federal Street, 26 Th Floor  
    Boston, MA, 02110Phone: 617-250-7277 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-01


New


$1,250,000


$1,250,000


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 None Cambridge West Partners Llc 
 Promoter 


 Sujit Sitole 
 Promoter 












CAMBRIDGE WEST PARTNERSHIP LLC - WOLFEBORO, NH - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NH



WOLFEBORO



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            CAMBRIDGE WEST PARTNERSHIP LLC
                                    



 





















C 


CAMBRIDGE WEST PARTNERSHIP LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



19 COTTON MOUNTAIN RD WOLFEBORO, NH 03894
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2007
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $100,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts 







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2007, Cambridge West Partnership Llc has been providing Business Services At Non-commercial Site from Wolfeboro. Cambridge West Partnership Llc has estimated annual revenues of $100,000.00 and also employs an estimated 2 employees. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















	
	Home




















































You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server. Please enable scripts and reload this page.

















































Turn on more accessible mode


Turn off more accessible mode


Skip Ribbon Commands


Skip to main content


Turn off Animations


Turn on Animations














Follow









































													                                       CAMBRIDGE WEST PARTNERS
												








Contact us









PageHeader



Sign In
































default





Page Content
Cambridge West Partners is a commercial real estate investment company focused on office, industrial, retail and mixed use property in the Boston area.​​​​​​






















PageFooter​Cambridge West Partners LLC


















Home  Cambridge West Partnership, LLC Planning and Institutional Development for California Community Colleges  Planning through the Academic Program of Instruction All facilities planning on the campus flow from the program of instruction. Understand the curriculum, the disciplines/programs that comprise it, and ensure these needs the rest of campus planning will follow. Planning through Collaboration A collaborative plan is a usable plan. The proof and worthiness of a plan is whether or not it is used. A usable plan has been built with and has the support of the college constituency base.Planning through IntegrationIntegrated planning is successful planning. For every action there are secondary reactions. The changes that are created within the structure and culture of the institution as a result of the planning process need to be taken into consideration and carefully integrated into the existing fabric of the campus.  Cambridge West Partnership, LLC14471 Chambers Road, Suite # 260Tustin, CA 92780  HomeAboutServicesProjectsExpertsContact        C.M. Brahmbhatt(949) 300-0580CM@cambridgewestpartnership.com      View on Mobile

People | Cambridge West Ventures
















Cambridge West Ventures





Home
Portfolio
Contact
 











meet our team


Management


Ellen Salisbury  Founder & Managing Director





Ellen Salisbury is the Founder and Managing Director of Cambridge West Ventures. She was previously the Vice President of Engineering and Operations at TimeBridge, where she integrated and managed the engineering, operations and support organizations in San Francisco and Israel. In this role, she drove the improved performance, functionality and support of the TimeBridge meeting scheduling product. She is currently a member of the Advisory Boards of TimeBridge and an interesting stealth-mode startup.
Prior to joining TimeBridge, Ellen spent several years at Yahoo!, where she most recently served as director of Yahoo! Research Berkeley, a unique research and development facility, a joint venture of Yahoo! and the University of California - Berkeley. At Y!RB, she assembled a great team of researchers, developers and interns who gave the world forward-looking prototypes, such as ZoneTag, Zurfer, TagMaps, Remixer,  Fire Eagle and Zync.
Ellen joined Yahoo! with the company's acquisition of Stata Labs, where she was senior vice president of products and services and most notably introduced new development processes (Agile, Scrum)  to improve the organization's overall product quality and timely delivery. Ellen also served as the vice president of engineering at Softrax, Silicon Energy and Brightmail, and as vice president of data warehousing at Sybase, Inc. where she directed a team responsible for delivering leading edge, high quality products on time and driving partnerships with major technology vendors. Ellen graduated from the University of Minnesota with a BA in Humanities and attended the MBA program at Loyola University of Chicago.


Juanita Lott  Entrepreneur-in-Residence





 Juanita Lott is the Founder of Bridgestream, an enterprise security software company where she served as its CEO for 6 years. During her tenure as its CEO, Bridgestream was named one of the ‘top new products in security and privacy’ by Gartner Group and was described as ‘a pioneer’ in role based access management solutions by Burton Group. (Bridgestream was acquired by Oracle Corporation). She is a member of the Advisory Board of Vive, a mobile-based health and wellness solution provider. She also serves on the Board of the Bay Area Leadership Foundation.
Juanita received her Bachelor’s Degree in Liberal Arts from the University of California and her Masters Degree from Mills College. She is also a member of the Forum for Women Entrepreneurs and Executives and received the Forum’s Trailblazer Award in 2001, 2003 and 2004. She is a trustee alumna of Springboard Enterprises, a venture catalyst organization that provides funding support to women led businesses. She is also a former member of Information Technology Senior Management Forum (a leading organization of black IT executives).
Juanita has been a speaker at Stanford University’s Business School Program on Entrepreneurship from the Perspective of Women and the Mills College Business School. She is currently consulting to Silicon Valley emerging growth companies.




Circle of Experts (CoE)





Andrew Braccia – Accel Partners
Bradley Horowitz – Google
Daniel Woods – Eventbrite
David Cancel – Performable
Des Cahill – Plug and Play Tech Center
Douglas Hubert – SABRE Real Estate Group
Irene Au – Google
Johanna Rothman – Rothman Consulting


Jonathan Strauss – Snowball Factory, Inc.
Kris Jacob – Sierra Delta Enterprises
Mario Chaves - Avantica Technologies
Michael Dexter-Smith – Xtremesoft/Pine Brook Ventures
Mira Wooten – Oak Hill Corporation
Nicole Stata - ex-CEO Deploy Solutions, Entrepreneur
Randhir Vieira – Eye-Fi
Ron Brown – Brown & Company
Todd Sampson – Entrepreneur, founder of MyBlogLog






Andrew Braccia – Accel Partners

Andrew Braccia joined Accel in 2007 bringing with him a decade of operational and leadership experience. His primary areas of investment interest include consumer Internet and software businesses with a focus on web search, digital media and online advertising. Andrew currently sits on the board of Cloudera, High Gear Media, a next generation automotive content and advertising network, OpenX, the world's leading Open Source Ad Server, SB Nation, the leading sports blog network and TRUSTe, a provider of online privacy certification.
Prior to Accel, Andrew held a variety of senior roles in business development, general management and operations with Yahoo! He began his career with the company in 1998, as a member of Yahoo’s early business development team. Most recently he served as vice president of Yahoo! Search, where he was responsible for all business and operational aspects of Yahoo’s consumer search business. In this capacity, he played a key role in helping to lead the company’s entry into the social search arena with the launch of Yahoo! Answers and the acquisition and integration of Del.icio.us.
Previously, as vice president of business operations for the Yahoo! Search and Marketplace Group, Andrew oversaw the business planning and financial performance of multiple Yahoo! businesses. Andrew also served as vice president and general manager of Yahoo’s Marketplace division, which includes Yahoo! Shopping, Yahoo! Travel, Yahoo! Real Estate, and Yahoo! Autos – all leading commerce sites in their respective categories under his leadership.
As a member of the original operating team that led the development Yahoo’s in-house search technology, he also played a significant role in the acquisition and integration of several companies, including Inktomi, Overture, Alta Vista, and FAST. In addition, he helped lead the acquisition of Flickr, an important component of Yahoo’s emerging community and social search strategy.
Andrew graduated from the University of Arizona with a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration. He resides in the Bay Area with his wife and three children.
^

Bradley Horowitz – Google

As Vice President of Product Management at Google, Bradley oversees product management for Google Apps, including Gmail, Calendar, Google Talk, Google Voice, Google Docs, Blogger and Picasa. Before joining Google, Bradley led Yahoo's advanced development division, which developed new products such as Yahoo! Pipes, and drove the acquisition of products such as Flickr and MyBlogLog. Previously, he was Co-Founder and CTO of Virage, where he oversaw the technical direction of the company from its founding through its IPO and eventual acquisition by Autonomy.
Bradley holds a bachelor's degree in computer science from the University of Michigan, and a master's degree from the MIT Media Lab and was pursuing his Ph.D. there when he co-founded Virage.
^

Daniel Woods– Eventbrite

Daniel is a veteran internet technical executive having built and led engineering teams and driven technical strategy at Eventbrite, Yahoo! Inc., eGroups, Invisible Worlds, PLATINUM, and SGI.
Daniel recently joined Eventbrite after nine years at Yahoo! where he was a leader in the strategy, definition and delivery of Yahoo!'s industry leading mobile internet services including mail, search, advertising, messaging, news, finance, sports and weather. The internet virus invaded Daniel's system during his tenure at Silicon Graphics where his team released CosmoPlayer, an award winning browser plugin for 3D graphics.
Always seeking new challenges and to learn new things, Daniel's career has included work in the fields of medical imaging, geophysical modeling, chip design, video encoding, computational chemistry, XML databases, high performance computing and 3D graphics. Daniel has been meeting the challenges involved in delivering always-on internet products, services and infrastructure for over 10 years.
Daniel dreams of making the list of "top 5 golfers in the world named Woods" and has a Masters and PhD in Mathematical Sciences from Rice University.
^

David Cancel – Performable

David Cancel is currently the CEO and founder of Performable. Until recently, he was the co-founder and  CTO of Lookery. Before starting Lookery, he started and was CTO at Compete, which was acquired by WPP (LON:WPP). Prior to Compete, he was the CTO of BuyerZone, which was acquired by Reed Elsevier (NYSE: RUK). In the late 90's, he was part of the founding team of Bolt and part of Lycos.
In addition to Performable, Cancel sits on the board of directors of Geezeo and the advisory boards of Compete, Visible Measures, MyPerfectGig, Sonian Networks, Yottaa and Shareaholic.
Cancel is originally from New York City and now lives in the Boston area with his superstar wife and daughter.
^

Des Cahill – Plug and Play Tech Center

Des Cahill brings extensive executive-level experience in marketing, sales and operations from some of America's best-known technology companies - Apple Computer, Autonomy, BridgeSpan, eFax.com and Habeas.
Cahill was most recently President and CEO of Habeas, an award-winning leading email services company, where he was responsible for all company operations. Over five years, Cahill grew Habeas from zero to over 400 customers, raised three rounds of venture funding and won Red Herring Technology 100 and Stevie "Most Innovative Company" awards. Cahill sold the company in Q3 2008.
Cahill currently provides advisory and interim CEO services to startups as an Executive-in-Residence at Plug and Play Tech Center where he helps start-ups in the interactive marketing and business-to-business services.
Cahill was the U.S. co-founder of Autonomy, a leading player in enterprise search (NASDAQ: AUTN). Cahill spent nine years at Apple Computer in a variety of roles including managing Apple's global relationship with AOL and running Apple.com.
^

Douglas Hubert – SABRE Real Estate Group

In 2007, Doug became the co-founder and Executive Vice President of SABRE Real Estate Group.  By unifying his real estate consulting, brokerage, and business experiences he has obtained a unique perspective, and continues to facilitate creative solutions for the firm’s clientele. For almost 25 years, Doug has provided solutions that align his client’s real estate commitments with their business plan, while providing flexibility to accommodate change. He has completed a tremendous amount of varying real estate transactions ranging from small monthly leases to large headquarter campus land purchases.  Most importantly, he mitigates risk.
He is strategically focused and clients benefit from his ability to convert information into a distinct business advantage. As a professional negotiator and problem-solving advisor, his efforts have saved his clients millions of dollars, while positively affecting both share value and bottom-line results. Doug has provided his real estate expertise to many startups and recognized global entities. Past clients include:  Yahoo!, pogo.com, Cellular One, Veritas Software, Marimba, Novellus, razorfish, Alexa, Infineon Technologies, and Wells Fargo Bank.
Doug was a member of the Board of Directors for Spectrum Center for over 13 years. Spectrum Center was a special education school and consulting program for physically and mentally disabled students. In 2004, as Chairman of the Board, he formalized the sale of the non-profit school to a for profit entity. Now as the Chairman of the Board for the Wing Institute , an independent and non-profit organization, the $19MM Spectrum Center sale proceeds are being utilized to promote evidence-based education policies and practices to address the serious challenges facing education today.
Doug graduated from the University of California at Berkeley with a BA degree in Political Science.  He resides in Piedmont, California and represents clients throughout the U.S. and internationally.
^

Irene Au – Google

Irene Au is dedicated to raising the strategic value of design and user research within software companies through better methods and practices, processes, leadership, and quality. She is Director of User Experience at Google, where her team is responsible for design and user research for Google's products worldwide. Prior to Google, she spent eight years at Yahoo! where she was Vice President of User Experience and Design. At Yahoo!, Irene established the interaction design and user research practice, and led product and platform design efforts worldwide. Irene also headed up the Product Practices team which coached teams on Agile development practices and developed product operations programs to help business units deliver on corporate strategy.
Prior to Yahoo!, Irene was at Netscape Communications, where she was an interaction designer and led cross-product design efforts on Netscape's browser, mail/news client, and page editor. Irene holds a master's degree in human-computer interaction from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. She earned a bachelor's degree in electrical and computer engineering from the University of South Carolina, where she graduated magna cum laude. 
^

Johanna Rothman – Rothman Consulting

Johanna Rothman helps managers and leaders solve problems and seize opportunities.
She consults, speaks, and writes on managing high-technology product development. She enables managers, teams, and organizations to become more effective by applying her pragmatic approaches to the issues of project management, risk management, and people management.
Johanna publishes The Pragmatic Manager, a monthly email newsletter and podcast, and writes two blogs: Managing Product Development and Hiring Technical People. She is the author of several books:

Manage Your Project Portfolio: Increase Your Capacity and Finish More Projects
2008 Jolt Productivity award winning Manage It! Your Guide to Modern, Pragmatic Project Management
Behind Closed Doors: Secrets of Great Management (with Esther Derby)
Hiring the Best Knowledge Workers, Techies & Nerds: The Secrets and Science of Hiring Technical People
Corrective Action for the Software Industry (with Denise Robitaille).

Johanna is also a host and session leader at the Amplifying Your Effectiveness Conference. Find more of Johanna's articles and her blogs at www.jrothman.com.
^

Jonathan Strauss - Snowball Factory, Inc.

Jonathan Strauss is the co-founder and CEO of Snowball Factory, Inc., developers of next-generation content marketing tools including awe.sm, a campaign tracking platform for social media. Prior to founding the Snowball Factory, he spent four years at Yahoo! working in corporate strategy, business operations, and product management. A native of Los Angeles, Jonathan has strong roots in the entertainment industry and worked in film production on projects for Warner Brothers, Focus Features, and Warner Independent Pictures. He is a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania and holds a bachelors degree in Politics, Philosophy, and Economics.
Jonathan's current product, awe.sm, is a campaign tracking platform for social media that enables professional publishers and marketers to measure the effectiveness of their efforts in channels like Twitter, Facebook, and MySpace. Customers use awe.sm to instrument the syndication and sharing tools they already use and connect them to existing web analytics solutions. awe.sm also offers proprietary analytics to measure outbound marketing across multiple channels and use-cases, providing customers with a cohesive view of their efforts and the ability to understand their relative effectiveness.  awe.sm launched in private beta in early May 2009 and currently powers tracking on over 140 domains for customers like Universal Music Group, Fox Broadcasting, and the Gannett Company.
^

Kris Jacob – Sierra Delta Enterprises

Kris Jacob has been the President of Sierra Delta Enterprises, Inc., a multi-faceted media business development and e-commerce consulting organization, since November of 2008. Mr. Jacob was recently the Executive Vice President of Sales, and Business Development at Watercooler, Inc. His current focus was driving Watercooler’s relationships with advertising partners, media companies, and sports teams, Jacob and was also responsible for positioning Watercooler’s extensive audience network of sports and entertainment applications (now 18.5 million subscribers strong) for global advertisers and other brands seeking to connect with their audiences through social media. 
Mr. Jacob has contributed significantly to a number of media and technology organizations over his 15 year career including leading business development and sales as Executive Vice President for PodShow, Inc (now Mevio, Inc.) a leading online video network focused on independently created media, and his role in business development at Yahoo! Inc following the acquisition of Stata Labs, where Jacob was the Vice President of Business Development. 
Prior to Stata Labs, Jacob was the Vice President of Business Development and Marketing at ActiveSky, where he negotiated media and carrier relationships for the wireless media platform provider. Prior to ActiveSky, Jacob was the Managing Director of Alterlayer, LLC, an early venture services company, where he and his team provided strategic business development, marketing, and financial services for 12 early stage companies, including Weave Innovations (acquired by Kodak) and Keen.com (now Ingenio, acquired by AT&T). 
While in the Strategic Partnerships organization at Microsoft Corporation, Jacob created and managed relationships with new media, broadcast and cable companies focused on in digital and interactive television initiatives. Mr. Jacob was also a very early employee of SportsLine USA (renamed CBS SportsLine in 1997, now CBS Sports.com) ultimately focusing on technical business development there. He also held positions at On Ramp, Inc and Sun Microsystems in the early 1990’s.
^

Mario Chaves - Avantica Technologies

Mario Chaves is the CEO and Co-Founder of Avantica Technologies. He's an accomplished technical executive with over 25 years of software development and engineering management experience.
As Chief Executive Officer at Avantica, Mario leads the company´s strategy and direction. His constant pursuit of innovation has led Avantica to become an award winning company in this field; as he was honored for Innovation in the Entrepreneur of the Year Awards in 2009 by a major Costa Rican newspaper,  for leading the company to the development of groundbreaking applications using cutting edge technologies. 
Before Avantica, Mario was Chief Technology Officer at Babcock & Brown, a leading investment banking firm, where he led a worldwide team and was responsible for all technology strategies and implementations. Before Babcock & Brown,  Mario was Director of Product Development for Intuit, where he led the development of new products for the Quicken product line and managed the development of Intuit's International Products. Prior to that, at Software Publishing Corporation, Mario created Harvard Graphics, which redefined the presentation graphics software category and was largely responsible for the company's growth from $20M to over $100M in revenues. Mario earned an MS in Electrical Engineering from the University of California at Davis.
^

Michael Dexter-Smith – Xtremesoft/Pine Brook Ventures

While Michael Dexter-Smith has focused on the Software Industry, he has experience at a senior level in the Biotech and Computer hardware arenas, as well as nine years with Price Waterhouse in the UK, USA and New Zealand, which taught him a lot about international business generally.
Xtremesoft has given Dexter-Smith the platform to nuture ideas and start new ventures in the social networking, Biotech, infomercials and Ads as well as the 'cloud' computing arena; to participate in the public offering of two computer hardware companies; to participate in the sale of a company in the Biotech market; and to continue to nurture a bunch more in a variety of markets.
Dexter-Smith likes the diversity of the businesses, but the issues are always the same - money and people. He runs Pine Brook Ventures, which invests in other enterprises, ideas and offerings - some good, the majority bad over the last year!
Dexter-Smith focuses on trying to add value to every business, organization, process and interaction he participates in. Equally, he is not shy to say "I don't know."
In thirty years of hacking around in the business "weeds", little surprises him. For small companies, it’s "money and people, people and money". He probably understands international business and people better than most having worked in three countries, run companies in five more, traveled to 30 or so and done business in numerous others. His goal remains adding value - seeing that value germinate in to business success is the 'rush'!
^

Mira Wooten - Oak Hill Corporation

Mira Wooten specializes in helping startups plan, budget and create product information, including web copy, marketing collateral, technical documentation, and training.  As Director of Business Development for Oak Hill Corporation, a consulting company that specializes in technical content development, Mira has provided the best content solutions to Fortune 500 companies like Cisco Systems, Google, Palm, and Hewlett-Packard, as well as startups like ConSentry, GridIron, OpSource, Corefino, and Skyfire. 
Mira is a senior member of the Society for Technical Communication and a certified Enterprise Content Management Practitioner, with a BS degree in Business from the University of Phoenix and a graduate certificate in Telecommunications Management from Golden Gate University.  As an avid networker, Mira coaches others on the importance of strong networking skills in her blog at http://mirawooten.blogspot.com/. 
^

Nicole Stata - ex-CEO Deploy Solutions, Entrepreneur

Nicole Stata is an entrepreneur, experienced CEO, and angel investor.
From 2008 to 2009, Ms. Stata served on the Board and as Chief Operating Officer for an innovative start-up, Jackpot Rewards.  Prior to that, Ms. Stata was the Founder, CEO, and President of Deploy Solutions, a leading provider of SAAS Human Capital Management (HCM).  Founded in 1997, Deploy was widely recognized as a national and regional Best Place to Work and was a recipient of Deloitte and Touche’s Fast 50 award in 2006. Deploy was sold to Kronos in 2007.  Before Deploy, Ms. Stata managed the global service center for Restrac, Incorporated (Webhire), and started her career with Lotus Development Corporation.  
She has been the keynote speaker at multiple events and works with several boards and committees including: Insight Performance, The Deshpande Center for Technological Innovation, Boston Children’s Hospital, and Olin College of Engineering.  
Ms. Stata graduated from the University of Vermont with a degree in Business Administration and received a certificate in System Dynamics from MIT’s Sloan School.  She is a native of the Boston area and today resides in Westwood with her husband, two-year old son, and one-year old twins.
^

Randhir Vieira – Eye-Fi

Randhir Vieira brings 14 years of experience in software product development and marketing. He is currently at Eye-Fi where he leads product marketing. Prior to Eye-Fi, he was with Yahoo! where he led product development for community and social platforms and the broadband team.
Randhir also worked in business development at MindTree Technologies and in HR, marketing and product development at Wipro Technologies.
He holds a BA degree in Economics from Bombay University, a MA degree in Personnel Management from TISS and a MBA in technology marketing from Emory University. 
^

Ron Brown – Brown & Company

Ronald Brown has a rich combination of technology- and consumer-marketing experience, giving him unique perspective on what it takes to bring successful products to market. In his role as CEO of Brown & Company LLC, he specializes in improving team problem-solving and innovation skills.
Brown has been CEO of successful startups and has held senior marketing positions in large firms. He is co-founder of United Keys, Inc., an early stage company improving input device usability. Prior to United Keys, he was president of eFax.com, an internet service that attracted millions of users. He has consulted for entities as large as Philips Electronics and as small as individual patent holders. He has heavy product development experience, is a patent holder himself, and has a strong background in leveraging outsourced manufacturing and distribution channels.
Brown developed classic consumer marketing skills as an account manager at advertising agencies J. Walter Thompson and BBDO, where he gained valuable insight into using creativity to solve business problems. At JWT, he was part of the team that managed Hewlett-Packard‘s personal computers and printers businesses. Before that, he worked for The Nestle Company.
^

Todd Sampson – entrepreneur, founder of MyBlogLog

Todd Sampson is an entrepreneur and technology strategist with more than a dozen years experience in the online sector. In 1996, he co-founded the web software development shop Cloudspace.  In 2005, he co-founded MyBlogLog which sold to Yahoo! two years later.  Todd now lives in San Francisco, California where he is a board member and adviser to a number of startups and entrepreneurs.
^


 















Cambridge No 2, LLC in West Palm Beach FL - Company Profile

















































Home



                >
                

U.S.



              
                >
                

Florida



                
                >
                

West Palm Beach







 Cambridge No 2, LLC
                        

Archived Record

                                
                                    West Palm Beach,
                                    FL
                                
                        












Follow



 Share
                        





 PDF
                        

 Excel
                        
























Cambridge No 2, LLC Overview
  Cambridge No 2, LLC filed as a Florida Limited Liability in the State of Florida and is no longer active. This corporate entity was filed approximately eleven years ago on Tuesday, November 14, 2006 as recorded in documents filed with Florida Department of State.   




Sponsored


             Learn More
        
        D&B Reports Available for

        Cambridge No 2, LLC
    




                        Network Visualizer
                    























Advertisements











 Excel
                    
Key People 
Who owns Cambridge No 2, LLC








Name







                            John P. Reichard
                                
                                    18
                                





                                        Manager
                                    

                                        Managing Member
                                    





















 Excel
                    
Known Addresses for Cambridge No 2, LLC










2250 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd
West Palm Beach, FL 33409




10567 Arcole Ct
Lake Worth, FL 33449




9935 Royal Cardigan Way
West Palm Beach, FL 33411




4633 Clemens St
Lake Worth, FL 33463










Corporate Filings for Cambridge No 2, LLC








Florida Department of State





                                    Filing Type:
                                

Florida Limited Liability                                



                                    Status:
                                

Inactive




                                    State:
                                

                                    Florida
                                



                                    State ID:
                                

                                    L06000110314
                                



                                    Date Filed:
                                

                                        Tuesday, November 14, 2006
                                    



                                        Registered Agent
                                    

                                        John P. Reichard
                                    









Advertisements










Source







Florida Department of State
                                Data last refreshed on Tuesday, April 11, 2017
                            









What next?






Follow


Receive an email notification when changes occur for Cambridge No 2, LLC.
Notifications include:

New company roles
Change in active status
Location updates
New connections






Follow








Create Account


Create a free account to access additional details for Cambridge No 2, LLC and other profiles that you visit
Benefits include:

Access to more records
Full screen network visualizer
Follow profiles
See how people are connected




 Create Account
                                














            Advertisements
        





















4
                    Known Addresses
                




                                2250 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd  West Palm Beach, FL 33409

                            


                                10567 Arcole Ct  Lake Worth, FL 33449

                            


                                9935 Royal Cardigan Way  West Palm Beach, FL 33411

                            


                                4633 Clemens St  Lake Worth, FL 33463

                            


                        These addresses are known to be associated with Cambridge No 2, LLC however they may be inactive or mailing addresses only. Please verify address for mailing or other purposes.
                    




                Wiki
            


 Edit this profile
                




1
                    Corporate Records

                



                                FL

2006
Florida Limited Liability
                            





                Source
            





                        Florida Department of State
                    







top






















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.




















Business Directories by State
































Locations

            Top States:

                Florida
- (7,668,570 Businesses)
California
- (7,998,712 Businesses)
Texas
- (4,844,135 Businesses)
New York
- (4,451,442 Businesses)
Pennsylvania
- (1,273,348 Businesses)

Advertisements









States












                                                        Alabama
                                                    




                                                        424,733 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        529,180 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Alaska
                                                    




                                                        90,124 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        119,266 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arizona
                                                    




                                                        757,578 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        800,057 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arkansas
                                                    




                                                        263,265 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        325,845 People Found
                                                    










                                                        California
                                                    




                                                        7,998,712 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        7,373,830 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Colorado
                                                    




                                                        810,965 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        814,457 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Connecticut
                                                    




                                                        468,529 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        572,170 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Delaware
                                                    




                                                        132,203 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        114,760 People Found
                                                    










                                                        District Of Columbia
                                                    




                                                        101,098 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        225,569 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Florida
                                                    




                                                        7,668,570 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        10,379,310 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Georgia
                                                    




                                                        1,255,913 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,396,340 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Hawaii
                                                    




                                                        129,778 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        152,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Idaho
                                                    




                                                        172,946 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        201,511 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Illinois
                                                    




                                                        1,181,777 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,483,851 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Indiana
                                                    




                                                        578,336 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        719,895 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Iowa
                                                    




                                                        329,478 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        460,060 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kansas
                                                    




                                                        282,167 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        348,203 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kentucky
                                                    




                                                        405,364 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        504,609 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Louisiana
                                                    




                                                        633,706 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        615,570 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maine
                                                    




                                                        130,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        174,828 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maryland
                                                    




                                                        674,762 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        710,574 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Massachusetts
                                                    




                                                        726,391 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,027,526 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Michigan
                                                    




                                                        934,309 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,131,011 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Minnesota
                                                    




                                                        592,079 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        758,211 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Mississippi
                                                    




                                                        261,251 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        322,668 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Missouri
                                                    




                                                        597,997 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        706,323 People Found
                                                    














                                                        Montana
                                                    




                                                        130,347 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        158,428 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nebraska
                                                    




                                                        191,594 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        279,673 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nevada
                                                    




                                                        1,037,013 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,194,143 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Hampshire
                                                    




                                                        154,616 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        193,717 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Jersey
                                                    




                                                        974,362 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,091,903 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Mexico
                                                    




                                                        178,355 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        231,696 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New York
                                                    




                                                        4,451,442 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        2,890,350 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Carolina
                                                    




                                                        989,346 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,123,727 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Dakota
                                                    




                                                        81,418 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        101,993 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Ohio
                                                    




                                                        1,062,590 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,335,494 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oklahoma
                                                    




                                                        379,566 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        422,307 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oregon
                                                    




                                                        510,731 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        621,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Pennsylvania
                                                    




                                                        1,273,348 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,546,222 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Puerto Rico
                                                    




                                                        55,527 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        60,845 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Rhode Island
                                                    




                                                        111,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        132,878 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Carolina
                                                    




                                                        406,911 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        483,894 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Dakota
                                                    




                                                        92,785 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        126,265 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Tennessee
                                                    




                                                        620,250 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        751,954 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Texas
                                                    




                                                        4,844,135 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        5,747,641 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Utah
                                                    




                                                        363,011 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        377,419 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Vermont
                                                    




                                                        81,906 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        106,956 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Virginia
                                                    




                                                        911,909 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,016,492 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Washington
                                                    




                                                        830,493 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        864,074 People Found
                                                    










                                                        West Virginia
                                                    




                                                        136,960 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        185,319 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wisconsin
                                                    




                                                        486,944 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        707,971 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wyoming
                                                    




                                                        77,247 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        90,781 People Found
                                                    













                Company Directory:
            
            Browse directory by company name:
            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
(more)







People Directory: 

            Names starting with letters:

            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.


















Florida Business Directory - Companies and People Search









































Florida Business Directory













Advertisements








Company profiles trending over the last 7 days



















Simpsy, LLC

                                                
                                                    Saint Petersburg, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Sydney B. Simpson










Ranger Canteen LLC

                                                
                                                    Fort Walton Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Stephen Korfonta
Christopher R. Korfonta










Matt Cooney Golf, LLC

                                                
                                                    Tampa, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Matthew Cooney
Mark R. Cooney










Zebronics Corporation

                                                
                                                    Orlando, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Rachelle Alexander










Homeowners Choice Construction L.L.C.

                                                
                                                    Palmetto, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Ian Robles
Tony Martinez
Aaron Spuler










Doc's Louisiana Boil, LLC

                                                
                                                    Saint Petersburg, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
William W. Adams
Michael A. Jackson










Elena May Boutique, LLC

                                                
                                                    Sarasota, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Rory McDowell










Sitseuh Rentals L.L.C.

                                                
                                                    Venice, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kirby D. Huestis










Vita Collections Inc

                                                
                                                    Parkland, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Aviva David










Isra Trade, LLC

                                                
                                                    Coconut Creek, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Aviva David










Treatment Management Company, LLC

                                                
                                                    Stuart, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Tarpon Management Services, LLC
Bryan T. Deering










Kosher Market & Deli Group Inc

                                                
                                                    Coconut Creek, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Yosef David
Aviva David










Clear Underwriters LLC

                                                
                                                    Fort Lauderdale, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jeffrey S. Roschman










Le Crave, LLC

                                                
                                                    Titusville, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Tuan A. Le










Matrix Contract Flooring, Inc.

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Emily B. Evans
Mitch Chandler
Ken Evans










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Crestview, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Curtis Brair
Curtis Breyer










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Orlando, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
David Taylor
Keith Gonzales
Roniece Weaver










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Ocala, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kenneth Percisul
Byron S. Sartorius
Brenan Verhaven










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Fort Myers, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Erick Sayer
Jeff Saccomani
Tony Palhan










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Plant City, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kenny Retzlaff










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Panama City, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Bob Cook
Joe Delia
Giselle Julio










Regis Corporation

                                                
                                                    Homestead, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Baron Turner










Regis Corporation

                                                
                                                    Sanford, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Nanetta Lovella
Michelle Leheh
Anita Collins










Regis Corporation

                                                
                                                    Miami, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Virginia Ringo
Julie Garcia
Oilda Cage










Regis Corporation

                                                
                                                    Seffner, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Christine Newman










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Bonita Springs, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jan Kaye










Regis Corporation

                                                
                                                    Pembroke Pines, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kelly Larkin
Yam Averec
Fay Sutherland










Regis Corporation

                                                
                                                    Clewiston, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Marc Yates










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Chiefland, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Gene Grybe










Regis Corporation

                                                
                                                    Ormond Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Tandy Jenkins
Larry Palmer
Barbara Steedman










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Sebring, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Dan Halladay
Joe Turk
Mark Hall










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Riverview, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jerald White
Rick Meszaros










Regis Corporation

                                                
                                                    Jacksonville Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Alex Borja










Regis Corporation

                                                
                                                    Bushnell, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Robin Gold
Carol Lane
Felicia Yinger










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Brooksville, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jill Harris
Joe Karish










S&G Exportaciones, Corp

                                                
                                                    Tampa, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Soreny Marin Vargas










Tarpon Management Services, LLC

                                                
                                                    Stuart, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Francine Costello
Bryan T. Deering
Debra Deering










Regis Corporation

                                                
                                                    Fort Lauderdale, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Shawn Durant
Tammy Hickey
Ebony Cornish










Regis Corporation

                                                
                                                    Saint Augustine, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Rebecca Davis
Toni Whitt
Melissa Sutton










Regis Corporation

                                                
                                                    Boynton Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jane Womelsborff
Yovania Rosa
Draron Smith










Regis Corporation

                                                
                                                    Port Charlotte, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Leslie Lamonion
Joe Topps
Tracy Kalma










Regis Corporation

                                                
                                                    Bradenton, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jamie Lingle
Lynn Gallagher










Regis Corporation

                                                
                                                    North Port, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Charles Boye










Tampa Preferred Motors, LLC

                                                
                                                    Tampa, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Soreny Marin Vargas
Bryan R. Eckley
William N. Dienes










Regis Corporation

                                                
                                                    Naples, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Fabian Ortiz
Amy Conley
Kara Grande










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    New Smyrna Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Tom Colder
Tom Kolb
Rebecca Routh










Regis Corporation

                                                
                                                    Clearwater, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Margarita Austin
Judy Ramolino










Regis Corporation

                                                
                                                    Vero Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Judy Smith
Christy Incheck
Paula Blevins










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Belle Glade, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Mike Torres










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Casselberry, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Lanarva Owens



















Recently found companies





Company
City




Moonlight Mixology, LLC
21 days ago


Palm Beach Gardens




Vicgar LLC
21 days ago


Orlando




Solomon Wilson Inc.
21 days ago


Port Saint Lucie




Oskrhq, LLC
21 days ago


Miami




Polgar USA, Inc.
21 days ago


Sarasota




The Computer Constructors, LLC
21 days ago


Boca Raton




Kappa Tau Omega, Inc.
21 days ago


Tallahassee




R.E.A.D. Inc.
21 days ago


Saint Petersburg




Stratigraphic Solutions LLC
21 days ago


Winter Haven




Fountain Manor Opco LLC
21 days ago


Miami




Cnr Services Corp.
21 days ago


Lauderhill




Jam Cre, LLC
21 days ago


Saint Augustine




Taxi Sarasota Corp.
21 days ago


Bradenton




Ktl Coastal Realty, LLC
21 days ago


Clearwater Beach




Nettech Support Services LLC
21 days ago


Port Richey




Whitley Financial Investments LLC
21 days ago


Coral Springs




6450 Manor Lane LLC
21 days ago


Coral Gables
South Miami




Just Wandering LLC
21 days ago


Gulfport




3M Associates, LLC
21 days ago


Jacksonville




Agent Video Resource,Inc
21 days ago


Miami




On Walton Way, LLC
21 days ago


Gainesville




Orlando Fashion District Inc
21 days ago


Orlando




Miradas Compartidas Foundation Inc.
21 days ago


Miami




Florida Kf LLC
21 days ago


Orlando




Pharaohs Dream LLC
21 days ago


Miami




Sheiswandering, Inc.
21 days ago


Fort Lauderdale




Blacktip Enterprises Inc
21 days ago


Oviedo




Dynamanic LLC
21 days ago


Sanford




Snappers Fish and Chicken Market Corp
21 days ago


Belle Glade




Feather Brow Studio, LLC.
21 days ago


Fort Lauderdale
Tamarac




Fish My Florida Inc.
21 days ago


Tarpon Springs




Araaragot Float Center for Harmonic Consciousness Inc.
21 days ago


Indian Lake Estates




Landscape Maintenance Nolasco LLC
21 days ago


Stuart




Don Bishop Quad Rentals LLC
21 days ago


Panama City Beach




Little Haiti Investment Corp.
21 days ago


Miami




Art Life Creations, LLC
21 days ago


Sun City Center
Ruskin




Rivers & Sons Stone, Brick, and Concrete LLC
21 days ago


Alachua




J & P Management of Broward, Inc
21 days ago


Fort Lauderdale




Bull Stone Corp
21 days ago


Miami




Jose Painting LLC
21 days ago


Tampa




O C Farms LLC
21 days ago


Palm Beach Gardens




International Center for The Protection of Minority Rights Incorporation
21 days ago


Hollywood
Coral Gables




Grace Elizabeth Curione-Santos Inc.
21 days ago


Ocoee




A-1 Gainesville Home Services Inc.
21 days ago


Alachua




Top City Car Wash LLC
21 days ago


Miramar
Oakland Park




Souz Collection LLC
21 days ago


Wilton Manors




Great Indian Grill Inc
21 days ago


Pompano Beach




Direct Orthodontic & Dental Lab, Inc.
21 days ago


Middleburg




Qc Imex LLC
21 days ago


Pembroke Pines




Arias Jr Corporation
21 days ago


Sanford









Top cities in Florida





Rank
City
Companies Found




                1
            


                    Miami
                


                1,150,271
            



                2
            


                    Fort Lauderdale
                


                429,298
            



                3
            


                    Orlando
                


                380,741
            



                4
            


                    Tampa
                


                329,770
            



                5
            


                    Jacksonville
                


                269,338
            



                6
            


                    Boca Raton
                


                204,515
            



                7
            


                    Hollywood
                


                191,552
            



                8
            


                    Pompano Beach
                


                190,510
            



                9
            


                    Hialeah
                


                172,340
            



                10
            


                    West Palm Beach
                


                167,349
            



                11
            


                    Sarasota
                


                140,528
            



                12
            


                    Naples
                


                139,400
            



                13
            


                    Miami Beach
                


                132,130
            



                14
            


                    Saint Petersburg
                


                130,388
            



                15
            


                    Fort Myers
                


                105,504
            



                16
            


                    Clearwater
                


                96,137
            



                17
            


                    Tallahassee
                


                95,176
            



                18
            


                    Kissimmee
                


                81,319
            



                19
            


                    Lake Worth
                


                76,608
            



                20
            


                    Bradenton
                


                71,007
            



                21
            


                    Pensacola
                


                70,478
            



                22
            


                    Delray Beach
                


                68,328
            



                23
            


                    Cape Coral
                


                65,975
            



                24
            


                    Ocala
                


                63,821
            



                25
            


                    Boynton Beach
                


                62,339
            



                26
            


                    Lakeland
                


                62,308
            



                27
            


                    Winter Park
                


                56,715
            



                28
            


                    Jupiter
                


                56,178
            



                29
            


                    Port Saint Lucie
                


                54,461
            



                30
            


                    Coral Gables
                


                54,061
            



                31
            


                    Gainesville
                


                53,548
            



                32
            


                    Melbourne
                


                52,931
            



                33
            


                    Palm Beach Gardens
                


                49,061
            



                34
            


                    Vero Beach
                


                48,149
            



                35
            


                    Doral
                


                46,829
            



                36
            


                    North Miami Beach
                


                46,347
            



                37
            


                    Deerfield Beach
                


                44,934
            



                38
            


                    Pembroke Pines
                


                42,306
            



                39
            


                    Saint Augustine
                


                42,303
            



                40
            


                    Homestead
                


                42,095
            



                41
            


                    Largo
                


                41,223
            



                42
            


                    Daytona Beach
                


                40,408
            



                43
            


                    Coral Springs
                


                39,915
            



                44
            


                    Longwood
                


                38,576
            



                45
            


                    Stuart
                


                37,099
            



                46
            


                    Panama City
                


                36,726
            



                47
            


                    Altamonte Springs
                


                35,948
            



                48
            


                    Palm Harbor
                


                34,956
            



                49
            


                    Wellington
                


                33,539
            



                50
            


                    New Port Richey
                


                33,324
            



                51
            


                    Plantation
                


                32,323
            



                52
            


                    Miramar
                


                32,283
            



                53
            


                    Davie
                


                31,095
            



                54
            


                    Aventura
                


                31,033
            



                55
            


                    Apopka
                


                30,435
            



                56
            


                    Weston
                


                29,985
            



                57
            


                    Hallandale
                


                29,734
            



                58
            


                    Brandon
                


                29,649
            



                59
            


                    Sanford
                


                29,364
            



                60
            


                    Fort Pierce
                


                29,271
            



                61
            


                    Opa Locka
                


                28,614
            



                62
            


                    Spring Hill
                


                27,575
            



                63
            


                    Clermont
                


                27,364
            



                64
            


                    Ormond Beach
                


                27,251
            



                65
            


                    Bonita Springs
                


                27,151
            



                66
            


                    Sunrise
                


                26,919
            



                67
            


                    Winter Haven
                


                26,277
            



                68
            


                    Lutz
                


                25,535
            



                69
            


                    Lake Mary
                


                25,143
            



                70
            


                    Oviedo
                


                24,601
            



                71
            


                    Palm Bay
                


                24,426
            



                72
            


                    Port Charlotte
                


                23,773
            



                73
            


                    Venice
                


                23,621
            



                74
            


                    Palm Coast
                


                23,206
            



                75
            


                    Orange Park
                


                22,609
            



                76
            


                    Riverview
                


                22,269
            



                77
            


                    Maitland
                


                22,006
            



                78
            


                    Punta Gorda
                


                21,427
            



                79
            


                    Seminole
                


                21,063
            



                80
            


                    Port Orange
                


                21,016
            



                81
            


                    Fort Walton Beach
                


                20,586
            



                82
            


                    Palm Beach
                


                20,486
            



                83
            


                    Key West
                


                20,355
            



                84
            


                    Winter Garden
                


                20,354
            



                85
            


                    Deltona
                


                19,967
            



                86
            


                    Windermere
                


                19,737
            



                87
            


                    Destin
                


                19,556
            



                88
            


                    Deland
                


                19,536
            



                89
            


                    Lehigh Acres
                


                19,482
            



                90
            


                    Saint Cloud
                


                19,078
            



                91
            


                    North Palm Beach
                


                19,071
            



                92
            


                    Cocoa
                


                18,587
            



                93
            


                    Merritt Island
                


                17,922
            



                94
            


                    Brooksville
                


                17,909
            



                95
            


                    Plant City
                


                17,873
            



                96
            


                    Wesley Chapel
                


                17,864
            



                97
            


                    Sebring
                


                17,708
            



                98
            


                    Casselberry
                


                17,513
            



                99
            


                    Tarpon Springs
                


                17,509
            



                100
            


                    Jacksonville Beach
                


                17,448
            



                101
            


                    Ponte Vedra Beach
                


                17,402
            



                102
            


                    Pinellas Park
                


                17,206
            



                103
            


                    Valrico
                


                17,188
            



                104
            


                    Winter Springs
                


                16,794
            



                105
            


                    North Miami
                


                16,198
            



                106
            


                    Land O Lakes
                


                16,080
            



                107
            


                    Dunedin
                


                15,921
            



                108
            


                    Milton
                


                15,731
            



                109
            


                    Palm City
                


                15,726
            



                110
            


                    Panama City Beach
                


                15,669
            



                111
            


                    New Smyrna Beach
                


                15,244
            



                112
            


                    Titusville
                


                15,186
            



                113
            


                    Key Biscayne
                


                15,167
            



                114
            


                    Miami Gardens
                


                14,949
            



                115
            


                    Leesburg
                


                14,944
            



                116
            


                    Coconut Creek
                


                14,824
            



                117
            


                    North Port
                


                14,646
            



                118
            


                    Tamarac
                


                14,521
            



                119
            


                    Hallandale Beach
                


                14,455
            



                120
            


                    Ocoee
                


                14,362
            



                121
            


                    Loxahatchee
                


                13,906
            



                122
            


                    North Fort Myers
                


                13,765
            



                123
            


                    Gulf Breeze
                


                13,621
            



                124
            


                    Miami Lakes
                


                13,336
            



                125
            


                    Hudson
                


                13,194
            



                126
            


                    Margate
                


                13,076
            



                127
            


                    Davenport
                


                12,991
            



                128
            


                    Santa Rosa Beach
                


                12,656
            



                129
            


                    Englewood
                


                12,589
            



                130
            


                    Lake City
                


                12,559
            



                131
            


                    Rockledge
                


                12,291
            



                132
            


                    Oakland Park
                


                12,071
            



                133
            


                    Oldsmar
                


                11,962
            



                134
            


                    Fernandina Beach
                


                11,847
            



                135
            


                    Port Richey
                


                11,766
            



                136
            


                    Odessa
                


                11,764
            



                137
            


                    Sunny Isles Beach
                


                11,704
            



                138
            


                    Lauderhill
                


                11,177
            



                139
            


                    Dania
                


                10,942
            



                140
            


                    Sebastian
                


                10,790
            



                141
            


                    Palmetto
                


                10,713
            



                142
            


                    Marco Island
                


                10,562
            



                143
            


                    Eustis
                


                10,281
            



                144
            


                    Middleburg
                


                10,208
            



                145
            


                    Satellite Beach
                


                10,174
            



                146
            


                    Crestview
                


                10,160
            



                147
            


                    Zephyrhills
                


                9,974
            



                148
            


                    Saint Johns
                


                9,886
            



                149
            


                    Okeechobee
                


                9,878
            



                150
            


                    Jensen Beach
                


                9,807
            



                151
            


                    Mount Dora
                


                9,803
            



                152
            


                    Key Largo
                


                9,623
            



                153
            


                    Estero
                


                9,277
            



                154
            


                    Niceville
                


                9,207
            



                155
            


                    Royal Palm Beach
                


                9,184
            



                156
            


                    Cocoa Beach
                


                9,002
            



                157
            


                    Lake Wales
                


                8,988
            



                158
            


                    Dade City
                


                8,980
            



                159
            


                    Safety Harbor
                


                8,951
            



                160
            


                    Holiday
                


                8,905
            



                161
            


                    Cutler Bay
                


                8,763
            



                162
            


                    Atlantic Beach
                


                8,673
            



                163
            


                    Parkland
                


                8,621
            



                164
            


                    Navarre
                


                8,560
            



                165
            


                    Inverness
                


                8,532
            



                166
            


                    Miramar Beach
                


                8,510
            



                167
            


                    Auburndale
                


                8,031
            



                168
            


                    Hobe Sound
                


                7,981
            



                169
            


                    Orange City
                


                7,806
            



                170
            


                    Lake Placid
                


                7,537
            



                171
            


                    Edgewater
                


                7,300
            



                172
            


                    Crystal River
                


                7,271
            



                173
            


                    Green Cove Springs
                


                7,252
            



                174
            


                    Haines City
                


                7,194
            



                175
            


                    Greenacres
                


                7,138
            



                176
            


                    Riviera Beach
                


                7,127
            



                177
            


                    Nokomis
                


                7,085
            



                178
            


                    Seffner
                


                7,079
            



                179
            


                    Fleming Island
                


                7,023
            



                180
            


                    Dunnellon
                


                6,984
            



                181
            


                    Debary
                


                6,965
            



                182
            


                    The Villages
                


                6,929
            



                183
            


                    Indialantic
                


                6,877
            



                184
            


                    Apollo Beach
                


                6,749
            



                185
            


                    Lady Lake
                


                6,725
            



                186
            


                    Marathon
                


                6,664
            



                187
            


                    Tavares
                


                6,599
            



                188
            


                    Crawfordville
                


                6,574
            



                189
            


                    Bartow
                


                6,496
            



                190
            


                    Palatka
                


                6,435
            



                191
            


                    Medley
                


                6,239
            



                192
            


                    Avon Park
                


                6,109
            



                193
            


                    Cantonment
                


                6,097
            



                194
            


                    Arcadia
                


                5,962
            



                195
            


                    North Lauderdale
                


                5,922
            



                196
            


                    Lynn Haven
                


                5,909
            



                197
            


                    Lithia
                


                5,904
            



                198
            


                    Homosassa
                


                5,896
            



                199
            


                    Fort Myers Beach
                


                5,808
            



                200
            


                    Summerfield
                


                5,752
            



                201
            


                    Palmetto Bay
                


                5,740
            



                202
            


                    Clearwater Beach
                


                5,642
            



                203
            


                    Ruskin
                


                5,546
            



                204
            


                    Belleview
                


                5,490
            



                205
            


                    Parrish
                


                5,417
            



                206
            


                    Live Oak
                


                5,205
            



                207
            


                    Alachua
                


                5,173
            



                208
            


                    Sanibel
                


                5,168
            



                209
            


                    Groveland
                


                5,145
            



                210
            


                    Defuniak Springs
                


                5,142
            



                211
            


                    Lauderdale Lakes
                


                5,125
            



                212
            


                    Lighthouse Point
                


                5,033
            



                213
            


                    Cape Canaveral
                


                4,983
            



                214
            


                    Melbourne Beach
                


                4,972
            



                215
            


                    Lakewood Ranch
                


                4,962
            



                216
            


                    Osprey
                


                4,927
            



                217
            


                    Quincy
                


                4,845
            



                218
            


                    Cooper City
                


                4,821
            



                219
            


                    Longboat Key
                


                4,732
            



                220
            


                    Coconut Grove
                


                4,723
            



                221
            


                    Marianna
                


                4,692
            



                222
            


                    Tavernier
                


                4,582
            



                223
            


                    South Miami
                


                4,548
            



                224
            


                    Indian Rocks Beach
                


                4,543
            



                225
            


                    Lantana
                


                4,462
            



                226
            


                    Mulberry
                


                4,442
            



                227
            


                    Labelle
                


                4,406
            



                228
            


                    Ponte Vedra
                


                4,363
            



                229
            


                    Newberry
                


                4,342
            



                230
            


                    Hialeah Gardens
                


                4,318
            



                231
            


                    Wilton Manors
                


                4,306
            



                232
            


                    Bunnell
                


                4,246
            



                233
            


                    Dania Beach
                


                4,230
            



                234
            


                    Islamorada
                


                4,213
            



                235
            


                    Yulee
                


                4,076
            



                236
            


                    Neptune Beach
                


                3,986
            



                237
            


                    Flagler Beach
                


                3,971
            



                238
            


                    Mary Esther
                


                3,955
            



                239
            


                    Miami Shores
                


                3,939
            



                240
            


                    Temple Terrace
                


                3,845
            



                241
            


                    Celebration
                


                3,837
            



                242
            


                    Sorrento
                


                3,806
            



                243
            


                    Bay Harbor Islands
                


                3,773
            



                244
            


                    Miami Springs
                


                3,745
            



                245
            


                    Hernando
                


                3,712
            



                246
            


                    Clewiston
                


                3,648
            



                247
            


                    Belle Glade
                


                3,639
            



                248
            


                    Dover
                


                3,602
            



                249
            


                    Ellenton
                


                3,601
            



                250
            


                    Tequesta
                


                3,504
            



                251
            


                    Monticello
                


                3,449
            



                252
            


                    North Bay Village
                


                3,444
            



                253
            


                    Starke
                


                3,432
            



                254
            


                    Freeport
                


                3,409
            



                255
            


                    Port Saint Joe
                


                3,396
            



                256
            


                    Chipley
                


                3,350
            



                257
            


                    Havana
                


                3,343
            



                258
            


                    High Springs
                


                3,319
            



                259
            


                    Shalimar
                


                3,295
            



                260
            


                    Beverly Hills
                


                3,234
            



                261
            


                    Surfside
                


                3,228
            



                262
            


                    Lecanto
                


                3,224
            



                263
            


                    Perry
                


                3,216
            



                264
            


                    Wauchula
                


                3,182
            



                265
            


                    Fruitland Park
                


                3,118
            



                266
            


                    Palm Springs
                


                3,114
            



                267
            


                    Gibsonton
                


                3,110
            



                268
            


                    Trinity
                


                3,096
            



                269
            


                    Williston
                


                3,071
            



                270
            


                    St Pete Beach
                


                3,064
            



                271
            


                    Umatilla
                


                3,043
            



                272
            


                    Sun City Center
                


                3,033
            



                273
            


                    Callahan
                


                3,005
            



                274
            


                    Immokalee
                


                2,980
            



                275
            


                    Wildwood
                


                2,978
            



                276
            


                    Southwest Ranches
                


                2,883
            



                277
            


                    Keystone Heights
                


                2,860
            



                278
            


                    Thonotosassa
                


                2,828
            



                279
            


                    Lake Park
                


                2,775
            



                280
            


                    Summerland Key
                


                2,712
            



                281
            


                    Macclenny
                


                2,691
            



                282
            


                    West Park
                


                2,663
            



                283
            


                    Pace
                


                2,655
            



                284
            


                    South Daytona
                


                2,600
            



                285
            


                    Myakka City
                


                2,594
            



                286
            


                    Treasure Island
                


                2,559
            



                287
            


                    Mims
                


                2,553
            



                288
            


                    Silver Springs
                


                2,548
            



                289
            


                    Bradenton Beach
                


                2,494
            



                290
            


                    Indian Harbour Beach
                


                2,492
            



                291
            


                    Bushnell
                


                2,488
            



                292
            


                    Pinecrest
                


                2,488
            



                293
            


                    Bonifay
                


                2,425
            



                294
            


                    West Melbourne
                


                2,416
            



                295
            


                    Big Pine Key
                


                2,408
            



                296
            


                    Gulfport
                


                2,408
            



                297
            


                    Chiefland
                


                2,403
            



                298
            


                    Bal Harbour
                


                2,402
            



                299
            


                    Geneva
                


                2,396
            



                300
            


                    Wimauma
                


                2,385
            


















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.





















West Palm Beach, Florida Business Directory - Companies and People Search









































West Palm Beach, FL Business Directory


















Home



                >
                

U.S.



              
                >
                

Florida








Advertisements








Company profiles trending over the last 7 days



















Matrix Contract Flooring, Inc.

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Emily B. Evans
Mitch Chandler
Ken Evans










Kane Financial Services LLC

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Robert Webster
Jennifer Botter
Jacqueline Price










American-Swiss Capital Inc.

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Mark Carmel
John Karatzaferis










Suffolk-Yates, A Joint Venture, LLC

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Suffolk Construction Company, Inc.
W.G. Yates & Sons Construction Company










Hardyl, Inc.

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
James H. Clark
Louis M. Cohen










Assurance Detox, LLC

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jocelyne Martorano
Christine Depaolis
Charles E Jarvis V 










Osc-Webco Inc.

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Paul Hogan










Sea Hunter Capital Partners LLC

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Robert P. Leidy
Kevin McClusky










Dcs Investment Holdings, LLC

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Paul E. Simonson










Dcs Capital Investments, LLC

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Dcs Investment Holdings Gp, LLC
Dcs Investment Holdings, LLC










Bytion Inc

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jared Stark
German Calas










Palladio US, LLC

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Gordian Tork
Timo Vittala










PC Maple LLC

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Michael O. Lombardi










Sweet Girls & Company, LLC

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        










Olive Avenue Staffing LLC

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Scott Webb










Sea Daisy Inc.

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Thomas Eichner
Jean Eichner
Jean Eichener










Storm Tech Management LLC

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Mark Princevalle










Burger Gulf, LLC

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Anand Patel










Nelson Taplin Goldwater Inc

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Norman E. Taplin










Nj Hawk LLC

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kevin W. Kehoe










Four Wood Consulting & Publishing LLC

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Thomas J. Ryan
Sherry M. Ryan










Volentric, LLC

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Seth M. Dillon










The Lion Corp Inc

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        










Dcs Investment Holdings Gp, LLC

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Paul E. Simonson










Ample Medical Supplies, LLC

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Gilliam Elliott










Ameriquest Pharmaceutical, LLC

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Richard R. Sanzen
Nancy L. Buckingham










Western Progressive, LLC

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kevin J. Wilcox
William B. Shepro
Michelle D. Esterman










New England Institute of Technology

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Stan Bailey
Gail Delaney-Kimball
Cheryl C. Connors










Accomplish Therapy LLC

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Brian Plasky
Debra Howe
Jacqueline Price










Avid Palm Beach LLC

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Anthony Bucknole
William M. Kallop
Anthony M. Giuffre










Valencia Energy & Power Inc

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Anthony Valencia
Bryon P. Valencia
Brian K. Jones










Airamid Health Services LLC

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Debra Howe
Airamid Health Consulting LLC
Richard Addona










Gus Construction Inc

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Juan A. Gomez










J.D. Winston LLC

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Frank J. Braider
Viviane H. Braider










Wish Financial Group LLC

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Barry N. Wish
Judith P. Wish
Nathanial Wish










Hospitality Investing Group, LLC

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Cg Bonaventure Resort LLC
Frank E. Orenstein
Cg Bonaventre Resort LLC










Cdl Nuclear Technologies Inc

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        










Izara, LLC

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Bryon A. Parker










Prestige Orthopedics, LLC

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
David Petersen










The Lion Corp

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Pablo A Lopez De Leon
Mario Lopez
Maynor Lopez










Innovatrix Suspension, LLC

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Edmond G. Demarcellus
Ernest Jabour










Lara Trucking Inc

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Luis Lara Vicet










International Marine Institute, LLC

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Duane C. Macphail
Peter Grubb










Rockstar Investment Group Inc

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Mark Daniels
Vince Neil
Robert Hewko










Neux Technologies, LLC.

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Scott Minniear










Narus Modern Concept LLC

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Andres Roquel Perez










Renegade Management Inc.

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Pierre E. Azzi
Richard A. Sauer
Mark Curley










Allerex Inc.

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kenneth M. Salzman










The Lions Share Holdings Group LLC

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Mario Lopez
The Lion Corp Inc










Patriots Block, Inc.

                                                
                                                    West Palm Beach, FL
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
William Johnson




















                    Recently found companies in West Palm Beach
                





Company
Found




Guzman Enterprise LLC.


                21 days ago
            



Logia Pasado Aparicio Aparicio Paneque #16 Orden Caballero De La Luz, Inc


                21 days ago
            



Annuity Kings of America, Inc.


                21 days ago
            



Balkhi Foundation, Inc.


                21 days ago
            



Black Lava Films, Inc.


                21 days ago
            



Smart Strategies Consulting, LLC


                21 days ago
            



Cop Out Charters, Incorporated


                21 days ago
            



The Foodie Experience LLC


                21 days ago
            



Hipowl, LLC


                21 days ago
            



LGH1, LLC


                21 days ago
            



Purple Frog Graphics, LLC


                21 days ago
            



Hope Fund for Ivf, Inc.


                21 days ago
            



Palm Beach Supersports, Inc.


                21 days ago
            



Absolute Blessing LLC


                21 days ago
            



Desert Falcon, Inc.


                21 days ago
            



The Amenti Group LLC


                21 days ago
            



National Kratom Coalition Inc.


                21 days ago
            



Harmony In Birth Doula Services, LLC


                21 days ago
            



Kedhealth Plus, Inc


                23 days ago
            



A & D Pool Cleaning LLC


                23 days ago
            



Vg Glass Invest, LLC


                23 days ago
            



Maura J Coyne Memorial Fund, Inc


                23 days ago
            



El-Jack Enterprises Inc


                23 days ago
            



Cjq, LLC


                23 days ago
            



Galindo Cleaning Service LLC


                23 days ago
            



Gmd Business Ventures, LLC


                23 days ago
            



L & N Real Estates Investment L.L.C.


                23 days ago
            



B&H Capital Group, LLC


                23 days ago
            



Girl With The Pearl LLC


                23 days ago
            



Peninsula Realty Group, LLC


                23 days ago
            



Dangerous D's Promotions LLC


                23 days ago
            



Veltuz LLC


                23 days ago
            



Face to Face With Grace


                23 days ago
            



Btc Capital, LLC


                23 days ago
            



Jm Tech Support LLC


                23 days ago
            



Baking Coe. Bakery LLC


                23 days ago
            



Holistic Secured Operations, Inc.


                23 days ago
            



Jlbventures, LLC


                23 days ago
            



Floridian Group, LLC


                23 days ago
            



Luxfirm Properties, LLC


                23 days ago
            



Tortuga Air Service LLC


                23 days ago
            



Rebound Healthcare, LLC


                23 days ago
            



Practice Proper Execution LLC


                23 days ago
            



Npi Franchising, LLC


                23 days ago
            



West Palm Beach Cryotherapy, LLC


                23 days ago
            



Edabora LLC


                23 days ago
            



Conversation Peace Designs LLC.


                23 days ago
            



Sitemanagementservicesllc


                23 days ago
            



Atz Group. LLC


                23 days ago
            



Jyp's Multi Services LLC


                26 days ago
            








Top cities in Florida





Rank
City
Companies Found




                1
            


                    Miami
                


                1,150,271
            



                2
            


                    Fort Lauderdale
                


                429,298
            



                3
            


                    Orlando
                


                380,741
            



                4
            


                    Tampa
                


                329,770
            



                5
            


                    Jacksonville
                


                269,338
            



                6
            


                    Boca Raton
                


                204,515
            



                7
            


                    Hollywood
                


                191,552
            



                8
            


                    Pompano Beach
                


                190,510
            



                9
            


                    Hialeah
                


                172,340
            



                10
            


                    West Palm Beach
                


                167,349
            



                11
            


                    Sarasota
                


                140,528
            



                12
            


                    Naples
                


                139,400
            



                13
            


                    Miami Beach
                


                132,130
            



                14
            


                    Saint Petersburg
                


                130,388
            



                15
            


                    Fort Myers
                


                105,504
            



                16
            


                    Clearwater
                


                96,137
            



                17
            


                    Tallahassee
                


                95,176
            



                18
            


                    Kissimmee
                


                81,319
            



                19
            


                    Lake Worth
                


                76,608
            



                20
            


                    Bradenton
                


                71,007
            



                21
            


                    Pensacola
                


                70,478
            



                22
            


                    Delray Beach
                


                68,328
            



                23
            


                    Cape Coral
                


                65,975
            



                24
            


                    Ocala
                


                63,821
            



                25
            


                    Boynton Beach
                


                62,339
            



                26
            


                    Lakeland
                


                62,308
            



                27
            


                    Winter Park
                


                56,715
            



                28
            


                    Jupiter
                


                56,178
            



                29
            


                    Port Saint Lucie
                


                54,461
            



                30
            


                    Coral Gables
                


                54,061
            



                31
            


                    Gainesville
                


                53,548
            



                32
            


                    Melbourne
                


                52,931
            



                33
            


                    Palm Beach Gardens
                


                49,061
            



                34
            


                    Vero Beach
                


                48,149
            



                35
            


                    Doral
                


                46,829
            



                36
            


                    North Miami Beach
                


                46,347
            



                37
            


                    Deerfield Beach
                


                44,934
            



                38
            


                    Pembroke Pines
                


                42,306
            



                39
            


                    Saint Augustine
                


                42,303
            



                40
            


                    Homestead
                


                42,095
            



                41
            


                    Largo
                


                41,223
            



                42
            


                    Daytona Beach
                


                40,408
            



                43
            


                    Coral Springs
                


                39,915
            



                44
            


                    Longwood
                


                38,576
            



                45
            


                    Stuart
                


                37,099
            



                46
            


                    Panama City
                


                36,726
            



                47
            


                    Altamonte Springs
                


                35,948
            



                48
            


                    Palm Harbor
                


                34,956
            



                49
            


                    Wellington
                


                33,539
            



                50
            


                    New Port Richey
                


                33,324
            



                51
            


                    Plantation
                


                32,323
            



                52
            


                    Miramar
                


                32,283
            



                53
            


                    Davie
                


                31,095
            



                54
            


                    Aventura
                


                31,033
            



                55
            


                    Apopka
                


                30,435
            



                56
            


                    Weston
                


                29,985
            



                57
            


                    Hallandale
                


                29,734
            



                58
            


                    Brandon
                


                29,649
            



                59
            


                    Sanford
                


                29,364
            



                60
            


                    Fort Pierce
                


                29,271
            



                61
            


                    Opa Locka
                


                28,614
            



                62
            


                    Spring Hill
                


                27,575
            



                63
            


                    Clermont
                


                27,364
            



                64
            


                    Ormond Beach
                


                27,251
            



                65
            


                    Bonita Springs
                


                27,151
            



                66
            


                    Sunrise
                


                26,919
            



                67
            


                    Winter Haven
                


                26,277
            



                68
            


                    Lutz
                


                25,535
            



                69
            


                    Lake Mary
                


                25,143
            



                70
            


                    Oviedo
                


                24,601
            



                71
            


                    Palm Bay
                


                24,426
            



                72
            


                    Port Charlotte
                


                23,773
            



                73
            


                    Venice
                


                23,621
            



                74
            


                    Palm Coast
                


                23,206
            



                75
            


                    Orange Park
                


                22,609
            



                76
            


                    Riverview
                


                22,269
            



                77
            


                    Maitland
                


                22,006
            



                78
            


                    Punta Gorda
                


                21,427
            



                79
            


                    Seminole
                


                21,063
            



                80
            


                    Port Orange
                


                21,016
            



                81
            


                    Fort Walton Beach
                


                20,586
            



                82
            


                    Palm Beach
                


                20,486
            



                83
            


                    Key West
                


                20,355
            



                84
            


                    Winter Garden
                


                20,354
            



                85
            


                    Deltona
                


                19,967
            



                86
            


                    Windermere
                


                19,737
            



                87
            


                    Destin
                


                19,556
            



                88
            


                    Deland
                


                19,536
            



                89
            


                    Lehigh Acres
                


                19,482
            



                90
            


                    Saint Cloud
                


                19,078
            



                91
            


                    North Palm Beach
                


                19,071
            



                92
            


                    Cocoa
                


                18,587
            



                93
            


                    Merritt Island
                


                17,922
            



                94
            


                    Brooksville
                


                17,909
            



                95
            


                    Plant City
                


                17,873
            



                96
            


                    Wesley Chapel
                


                17,864
            



                97
            


                    Sebring
                


                17,708
            



                98
            


                    Casselberry
                


                17,513
            



                99
            


                    Tarpon Springs
                


                17,509
            



                100
            


                    Jacksonville Beach
                


                17,448
            



                101
            


                    Ponte Vedra Beach
                


                17,402
            



                102
            


                    Pinellas Park
                


                17,206
            



                103
            


                    Valrico
                


                17,188
            



                104
            


                    Winter Springs
                


                16,794
            



                105
            


                    North Miami
                


                16,198
            



                106
            


                    Land O Lakes
                


                16,080
            



                107
            


                    Dunedin
                


                15,921
            



                108
            


                    Milton
                


                15,731
            



                109
            


                    Palm City
                


                15,726
            



                110
            


                    Panama City Beach
                


                15,669
            



                111
            


                    New Smyrna Beach
                


                15,244
            



                112
            


                    Titusville
                


                15,186
            



                113
            


                    Key Biscayne
                


                15,167
            



                114
            


                    Miami Gardens
                


                14,949
            



                115
            


                    Leesburg
                


                14,944
            



                116
            


                    Coconut Creek
                


                14,824
            



                117
            


                    North Port
                


                14,646
            



                118
            


                    Tamarac
                


                14,521
            



                119
            


                    Hallandale Beach
                


                14,455
            



                120
            


                    Ocoee
                


                14,362
            



                121
            


                    Loxahatchee
                


                13,906
            



                122
            


                    North Fort Myers
                


                13,765
            



                123
            


                    Gulf Breeze
                


                13,621
            



                124
            


                    Miami Lakes
                


                13,336
            



                125
            


                    Hudson
                


                13,194
            



                126
            


                    Margate
                


                13,076
            



                127
            


                    Davenport
                


                12,991
            



                128
            


                    Santa Rosa Beach
                


                12,656
            



                129
            


                    Englewood
                


                12,589
            



                130
            


                    Lake City
                


                12,559
            



                131
            


                    Rockledge
                


                12,291
            



                132
            


                    Oakland Park
                


                12,071
            



                133
            


                    Oldsmar
                


                11,962
            



                134
            


                    Fernandina Beach
                


                11,847
            



                135
            


                    Port Richey
                


                11,766
            



                136
            


                    Odessa
                


                11,764
            



                137
            


                    Sunny Isles Beach
                


                11,704
            



                138
            


                    Lauderhill
                


                11,177
            



                139
            


                    Dania
                


                10,942
            



                140
            


                    Sebastian
                


                10,790
            



                141
            


                    Palmetto
                


                10,713
            



                142
            


                    Marco Island
                


                10,562
            



                143
            


                    Eustis
                


                10,281
            



                144
            


                    Middleburg
                


                10,208
            



                145
            


                    Satellite Beach
                


                10,174
            



                146
            


                    Crestview
                


                10,160
            



                147
            


                    Zephyrhills
                


                9,974
            



                148
            


                    Saint Johns
                


                9,886
            



                149
            


                    Okeechobee
                


                9,878
            



                150
            


                    Jensen Beach
                


                9,807
            



                151
            


                    Mount Dora
                


                9,803
            



                152
            


                    Key Largo
                


                9,623
            



                153
            


                    Estero
                


                9,277
            



                154
            


                    Niceville
                


                9,207
            



                155
            


                    Royal Palm Beach
                


                9,184
            



                156
            


                    Cocoa Beach
                


                9,002
            



                157
            


                    Lake Wales
                


                8,988
            



                158
            


                    Dade City
                


                8,980
            



                159
            


                    Safety Harbor
                


                8,951
            



                160
            


                    Holiday
                


                8,905
            



                161
            


                    Cutler Bay
                


                8,763
            



                162
            


                    Atlantic Beach
                


                8,673
            



                163
            


                    Parkland
                


                8,621
            



                164
            


                    Navarre
                


                8,560
            



                165
            


                    Inverness
                


                8,532
            



                166
            


                    Miramar Beach
                


                8,510
            



                167
            


                    Auburndale
                


                8,031
            



                168
            


                    Hobe Sound
                


                7,981
            



                169
            


                    Orange City
                


                7,806
            



                170
            


                    Lake Placid
                


                7,537
            



                171
            


                    Edgewater
                


                7,300
            



                172
            


                    Crystal River
                


                7,271
            



                173
            


                    Green Cove Springs
                


                7,252
            



                174
            


                    Haines City
                


                7,194
            



                175
            


                    Greenacres
                


                7,138
            



                176
            


                    Riviera Beach
                


                7,127
            



                177
            


                    Nokomis
                


                7,085
            



                178
            


                    Seffner
                


                7,079
            



                179
            


                    Fleming Island
                


                7,023
            



                180
            


                    Dunnellon
                


                6,984
            



                181
            


                    Debary
                


                6,965
            



                182
            


                    The Villages
                


                6,929
            



                183
            


                    Indialantic
                


                6,877
            



                184
            


                    Apollo Beach
                


                6,749
            



                185
            


                    Lady Lake
                


                6,725
            



                186
            


                    Marathon
                


                6,664
            



                187
            


                    Tavares
                


                6,599
            



                188
            


                    Crawfordville
                


                6,574
            



                189
            


                    Bartow
                


                6,496
            



                190
            


                    Palatka
                


                6,435
            



                191
            


                    Medley
                


                6,239
            



                192
            


                    Avon Park
                


                6,109
            



                193
            


                    Cantonment
                


                6,097
            



                194
            


                    Arcadia
                


                5,962
            



                195
            


                    North Lauderdale
                


                5,922
            



                196
            


                    Lynn Haven
                


                5,909
            



                197
            


                    Lithia
                


                5,904
            



                198
            


                    Homosassa
                


                5,896
            



                199
            


                    Fort Myers Beach
                


                5,808
            



                200
            


                    Summerfield
                


                5,752
            



                201
            


                    Palmetto Bay
                


                5,740
            



                202
            


                    Clearwater Beach
                


                5,642
            



                203
            


                    Ruskin
                


                5,546
            



                204
            


                    Belleview
                


                5,490
            



                205
            


                    Parrish
                


                5,417
            



                206
            


                    Live Oak
                


                5,205
            



                207
            


                    Alachua
                


                5,173
            



                208
            


                    Sanibel
                


                5,168
            



                209
            


                    Groveland
                


                5,145
            



                210
            


                    Defuniak Springs
                


                5,142
            



                211
            


                    Lauderdale Lakes
                


                5,125
            



                212
            


                    Lighthouse Point
                


                5,033
            



                213
            


                    Cape Canaveral
                


                4,983
            



                214
            


                    Melbourne Beach
                


                4,972
            



                215
            


                    Lakewood Ranch
                


                4,962
            



                216
            


                    Osprey
                


                4,927
            



                217
            


                    Quincy
                


                4,845
            



                218
            


                    Cooper City
                


                4,821
            



                219
            


                    Longboat Key
                


                4,732
            



                220
            


                    Coconut Grove
                


                4,723
            



                221
            


                    Marianna
                


                4,692
            



                222
            


                    Tavernier
                


                4,582
            



                223
            


                    South Miami
                


                4,548
            



                224
            


                    Indian Rocks Beach
                


                4,543
            



                225
            


                    Lantana
                


                4,462
            



                226
            


                    Mulberry
                


                4,442
            



                227
            


                    Labelle
                


                4,406
            



                228
            


                    Ponte Vedra
                


                4,363
            



                229
            


                    Newberry
                


                4,342
            



                230
            


                    Hialeah Gardens
                


                4,318
            



                231
            


                    Wilton Manors
                


                4,306
            



                232
            


                    Bunnell
                


                4,246
            



                233
            


                    Dania Beach
                


                4,230
            



                234
            


                    Islamorada
                


                4,213
            



                235
            


                    Yulee
                


                4,076
            



                236
            


                    Neptune Beach
                


                3,986
            



                237
            


                    Flagler Beach
                


                3,971
            



                238
            


                    Mary Esther
                


                3,955
            



                239
            


                    Miami Shores
                


                3,939
            



                240
            


                    Temple Terrace
                


                3,845
            



                241
            


                    Celebration
                


                3,837
            



                242
            


                    Sorrento
                


                3,806
            



                243
            


                    Bay Harbor Islands
                


                3,773
            



                244
            


                    Miami Springs
                


                3,745
            



                245
            


                    Hernando
                


                3,712
            



                246
            


                    Clewiston
                


                3,648
            



                247
            


                    Belle Glade
                


                3,639
            



                248
            


                    Dover
                


                3,602
            



                249
            


                    Ellenton
                


                3,601
            



                250
            


                    Tequesta
                


                3,504
            



                251
            


                    Monticello
                


                3,449
            



                252
            


                    North Bay Village
                


                3,444
            



                253
            


                    Starke
                


                3,432
            



                254
            


                    Freeport
                


                3,409
            



                255
            


                    Port Saint Joe
                


                3,396
            



                256
            


                    Chipley
                


                3,350
            



                257
            


                    Havana
                


                3,343
            



                258
            


                    High Springs
                


                3,319
            



                259
            


                    Shalimar
                


                3,295
            



                260
            


                    Beverly Hills
                


                3,234
            



                261
            


                    Surfside
                


                3,228
            



                262
            


                    Lecanto
                


                3,224
            



                263
            


                    Perry
                


                3,216
            



                264
            


                    Wauchula
                


                3,182
            



                265
            


                    Fruitland Park
                


                3,118
            



                266
            


                    Palm Springs
                


                3,114
            



                267
            


                    Gibsonton
                


                3,110
            



                268
            


                    Trinity
                


                3,096
            



                269
            


                    Williston
                


                3,071
            



                270
            


                    St Pete Beach
                


                3,064
            



                271
            


                    Umatilla
                


                3,043
            



                272
            


                    Sun City Center
                


                3,033
            



                273
            


                    Callahan
                


                3,005
            



                274
            


                    Immokalee
                


                2,980
            



                275
            


                    Wildwood
                


                2,978
            



                276
            


                    Southwest Ranches
                


                2,883
            



                277
            


                    Keystone Heights
                


                2,860
            



                278
            


                    Thonotosassa
                


                2,828
            



                279
            


                    Lake Park
                


                2,775
            



                280
            


                    Summerland Key
                


                2,712
            



                281
            


                    Macclenny
                


                2,691
            



                282
            


                    West Park
                


                2,663
            



                283
            


                    Pace
                


                2,655
            



                284
            


                    South Daytona
                


                2,600
            



                285
            


                    Myakka City
                


                2,594
            



                286
            


                    Treasure Island
                


                2,559
            



                287
            


                    Mims
                


                2,553
            



                288
            


                    Silver Springs
                


                2,548
            



                289
            


                    Bradenton Beach
                


                2,494
            



                290
            


                    Indian Harbour Beach
                


                2,492
            



                291
            


                    Bushnell
                


                2,488
            



                292
            


                    Pinecrest
                


                2,488
            



                293
            


                    Bonifay
                


                2,425
            



                294
            


                    West Melbourne
                


                2,416
            



                295
            


                    Big Pine Key
                


                2,408
            



                296
            


                    Gulfport
                


                2,408
            



                297
            


                    Chiefland
                


                2,403
            



                298
            


                    Bal Harbour
                


                2,402
            



                299
            


                    Geneva
                


                2,396
            



                300
            


                    Wimauma
                


                2,385
            


















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.

















Sanofi U.S. - Sanofi US researches, develops and brings to market new and innovative healthcare products and treatments for cardiovascular diseases, oncology, sleep disorder, thrombosis, allergy and respiratory illness, diabetes, central nervous system, internal medicine, metabolic disorders, osteoporosis and hypertension.





































Quick navigation menu :

Go to the content
Go to the main sections menu
Go to the search engine
Go to the help menu
Go to the modules
Go to the shortcuts list




Help menu :

Sanofi Worldwide | 
			
				 
			

US Web Sites | 
			
				 
			

Global Business Websites | 
			
				 
			

Contact us | 
Sitemap | 
Help


Share

Font size


 


 








 : 




Languages menu :

English | 
Español



 

Welcome to Sanofi
in the United States

 

Search


 

 

 



Main sections menu : 

 
About Us

 


Our History / Heritage
Facility Locations
Awards and Recognition
Global Manufacturing
Diversity And Inclusion
Environment Health and Safety
Corporate Compliance Program
U.S. Leadership
Our Stories


 


Products

 


Prescription Products
Vaccines and Biologics
Auiv-Q (epinephrine injection, USP) Recall
Vermont Disclosure


 


Patients and Providers

 


Resources for Healthcare Providers
Resources for Patients


 


News

Investors

Careers

 


Get To Know Sanofi
Working at sanofi
Join Sanofi
University Recruiting
Diversity & Inclusion


 


R&D

 


Clinical Trials
Investigator Sponsored Studies (ISS)


 


Our Responsibility

 


Prescription Medicine Pricing
Our People
Sanofi Foundation
Corporate Giving & Support
Sanofi Patient Connection
Patient Safety
Community Involvement & Volunteerism
Diabetes Education
Diversity and Inclusion
Responsible Business
Supplier Diversity
Environmental Commitment
CSR Communications


 




 










.







.







.







.







 


 








 1Featured NewsClick here for more information on the Auvi-Q® (epinephrine injection, USP) Return & Reimbursement process.Sanofi US continues its efforts to complete the return and reimbursement process associated with the October 28, 2015, voluntary nationwide product recall of Auvi-Q® (epinephrine injection, USP).Now FDA Approved.www.kevzara.comClick here for Full Prescribing Information, including Boxed WARNING and Medication GuideLatest NewsView RSS feedFollow Us Contact us Sanofi US55 Corporate Drive

Bridgewater, NJ 08807Via emailTel: 800-981-2491Other Sanofi Companies Winthrop USSanofi GenzymeChattemSanofi Pasteur Our Commitment Sanofi's Commitment to Responsible Data SharingCalifornia Transparency in Supply Chains ActLearn More About the Fight Against Counterfeit Drugs  
Last update: June 19, 2017


 


Content :





 






 

 





SAUS.SA.17.04.2143



 





 © 2005-2017 sanofi-aventis U.S. LLC. All rights reserved. Legal Notices and Disclaimers and Privacy Policy














