














Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies, LLC in Englewood Cliffs, NJ - (914) 420-5555





























 

Enter company name












Home


Favorites


Lists


Employers by Major


Employ Veterans


Locations


Blog


Sign In





















                            The Most Advanced Company Information Database
                        





















 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Lists






 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Industries

 
 




Lists















Home

 




My Favorites
My Favorites





Lists





List Builder





Employers by Major





Employ Veterans





Locations





Industries





Blogs







X
You must be a subscriber!


This feature is available to paying subscribers only. 

Click here to learn about our subscription plans.
            



















Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies, LLC

























Action 


Add to List
Add to Favorites
Share
































        Contact Information
    




Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies, LLC



920 Sylvan Ave
Englewood Cliffs, NJ 07632






Contact:
John Klein


Title:
Chief Executive Officer


Phone:


                        914-420-5555
                    



Website:







There are 

6
                Companies located at 920 Sylvan Ave, Englewood Cliffs, NJ 07632
            












 














            Map
        





View larger map









            Business Description
        



Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies is located in Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey. This organization primarily operates in the Pharmaceutical Preparations business / industry within the Chemicals and Allied Products sector. This organization has been operating for approximately 6 years. Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies is estimated to generate $237,152 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 5 people at this single location.









Sector:

Chemicals and Allied Products



Category:

Pharmaceutical Preparations



Industry:

Pharmaceutical Preparations




SIC Code:

2834











Name:
Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies, LLC


Year Founded:


2011






Location Type:
Single


Revenue:

$ 237,152



Employees:

5



Facility Size:

N/A



* Revenue & Employees are estimates









Demographics for Zipcode 07632






Percentage Population



3,083
White
316
Hispanic
124
Black
2,120
Asian
16
Native American
6
Hawaiian
79
Other


58.1 %
White
6.0 %
Hispanic
2.3 %
Black
39.9 %
Asian
0.3 %
Native American
0.1 %
Hawaiian
1.5 %
Other













Population




Population 
5,309




Female51.6%2,740


Male48.4%2,569




Median Age

47.3




Female49.4


Male45.8






























Questions & Answers









How big is Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies?





Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies is estimated to generate $237,152 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 5 people at this location.







What are the annual sales for Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies?





Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies generates approximately $237,152 in annual sales.







Who is the CEO of Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies?





The CEO of Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies is John Klein.









Are there other companies located at 920 Sylvan Ave, Englewood Cliffs, NJ?





There are 6 commercial tenants at 920 Sylvan Ave, Englewood Cliffs, NJ.







Where is Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies located?





Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies is located at 920 Sylvan Ave, Englewood Cliffs, NJ 07632.







How long has Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies been in business?





Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies has been in business for approximately 6 years.







How many people work at Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies?





Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies has approximately 5 employees at this location.







What is the phone number for Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies?





The phone number for Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies is (914) 420-5555







Is there a key contact at Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies?





John Klein is the Chief Executive Officer at Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies. You can contact John at (914) 420-5555.










 

































Generate 
More Revenue 
with 
Buzzfile 











Uncover and contact more high-value prospects in less time than with any other resource





Information on 18 million companies, 50 million contacts, 6 million buildings & 18,000 industries





Complete list of businesses in any building





Advanced search, filtering and list-building





































Nearby Resources









                        Restaurant
                    




                        Coffee
                    




                        Parking
                    






                        Hotel
                    




                        Taxi
                    




                        Pharmacy
                    






                        Bank
                    




                        Gas
                    




                        Grocery
                    


















Statistics for Zipcode 07632






Average House Value


                                $ 1,000,000
                            



Average Household Income


                                $ 126,094
                            



Number of Households

1,839



Persons per Household

2.86













Number of Businesses

1,158



Number of Employees

10,063



Land Area (square miles)

2.093



Water Area (square miles)

1.240



















×
Save as List






List Name





Classification

General Interest
Personal
Prospect
Trade / Industry




List Type

Companies
Places
Contacts




Description





Upload Image




X



Who can access this list?



Public - Everyone can view and edit (appears in search results)





Pre-approve members with following email domain(s):

Domains





Add







Remove





Can members edit this list?



                                    Yes
                                




                                    No
                                




                                        I will decide for each user / group
                                    



Username





Add








Remove












                                                Location
                                            







                                                    This list covers companies throughout the entire U.S.
                                                




                                                    This list covers a specific geographic area (you can select more than one state, city…)
                                                


City






County






State






Zipcode





Area Code





Add





Type
Criteria







Remove











                                                Sector, Category & Industry
                                            





                                                Control the types of companies that can be added to this list.
                                            

Sector

 



Category

 



Industry

 



SIC Code

 



Add





Type
Criteria







Remove



























Add to List






Add to Existing List












Create a new list



Cancel
Save
















×
Sign In




Not a member? Register Now 




Username





Password











                                        Remember me
                                    


Forgot Password?

















×
Subscriber Not Found




Not a subscriber? Contact Buzzfile Now.



                        We could not locate a subscriber with that email or username.
                        Try signing in with a different username or email, or Telecom support at [email protected] or 212-913-9151.
                    




Username





Password





















Remove Company Confirmation



I confirm that I, , with email address  am an owner, employee or representative, with authorization to approve the removal of the profile for:




I authorize Buzzfile to release my contact and other pertinent information to the necessary parties should this removal be contested.
I am requesting to remove this company profile.


Dear , 
Your request to remove the company profile has been denied for:




You are only permitted to claim ownership and remove one company profile. You have previously claimed ownership and removed the profile for:




You can contact us at [email protected] with any questions.



Cancel


















About Us


Partnerships


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Remove Company


Contact Us







 
 






















 
 




        Copyright © 2017 Buzzfile Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
    

            45 Broadway, Ste 1420, New York, NY 10006
        












×
Error








Close










Alert






Close



























 







Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies - HOME






















































HOW TO CREATE AN ACCOUNT
1 Select account type.
2 Complete online application.
3 CTT will contact you.
If you have additional questions, please email us at order@cambridgett.com. Thank you!








ACCOUNT OPTIONS
Register as a:Physician or Urgent Care
Pharmacy



















 CREATE ACCOUNT
						






ORDER


















Rx Innovation



Pharma Industry's Next Evolution — the Compliance PAC





For Physicians



Enhance the Physician-Patient Relationship





For Patients



Medication Adherence Improves Overall Health





For Pharmacists



Increase Operational Productivity & Reduce Counting Errors




PREV


NEXT



 






















Physicians
Make Medication Adherence a Cornerstone of Your Practice




Patients
Make Your Medication Regimen Easier with Calendarized Compliance PACs




Pharmacists
Grow Your Pharmacy and Improve Operational Productivity with Compliance PACs















Comprehensive Solution for Medication Adherence















CTT's Compliance PACs Support Physicians, Patients and Pharmacists
The Compliance PACs are central to CTT's solution which connects health care providers, patients and pharmacists in a supportive system.  They combine award-winning compliance packaging with a broad range of generic formulary medications for patient-centric, fully integrated, point-of-care medication dispensing.



















			Temporarily Unavailable




 

 




		Published: January 18, 2017		

		Hits: 1222		




We apologize for the inconvenience! 
The self service ordering portal is currently unavailable. 
To place an order, please contact us at: 
Main Phone: 844-810-0004 
Email: orders@CambridgeTT.com





 
							Category: Uncategorised 


 






			Return Policy




 

 




		Published: March 22, 2013		

		Hits: 673		






Return Authorizations:
A Return Authorization is required to return Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies (CTT) products.  Product will not be credited without a Return Authorization and credit will only be issued if it is within the terms of the return policy.
For product returns due to shipping error on the part of CTT, product damaged by CTT (or its agents), or non-conforming products requiring regulatory review, please contact CTT’s Customer Service Department within 5 (five) business days of receipt at (844) 810-0004 for specific return instructions.  Product must be returned within 10 (ten) business days of receipt. 
All claims for concealed shortages must be submitted within 10 (ten) business days of receipt to be eligible for credit.
Receipt of a Return Goods Authorization number does not constitute CTT’s acceptance for credit.
All returns from CTT customers must be prepaid (with the exception of product shipped due to an error on the part of CTT, product damaged by CTT or its agents, or non-conforming products requiring regulatory review).
 


Return Authorization Requests:

For RA requests (labels) please call CTT’s Customer Service at (844) 810-0004.
You will need to provide the lot number and expiration date for all products you wish to return.
Please ensure that a debit memo number is provided with each request.
No credit shall be issued without a valid CTT approved Return Authorization.

Please send authorized returns to:
Legacy Pharmaceutical Packaging, LLC
13333 Lakefront DriveEarth City, MO  63045
 


Returnable Items:

Authorized, unopened, properly labeled expired compliance PAC’s up to 6 (six) months past the expiration date except as required by federal or state law or regulation.
Products damaged by CTT (or its agents), provided it is returned unopened within 10 (ten) days of receipt.  Please contact CTT’s Customer Service Dept. within 5 (five) business days of receipt at (844) 810-0004 for specific return instructions.
Products shipped due to an error by CTT, provided it is returned unopened within 10 (ten) days of receipt.  Please contact CTT’s Customer Service Dept. within 5 (five) business days of receipt at (844) 810-0004 for specific return instructions.
Non-conforming products requiring Regulatory review by CTT, provided it is returned within 10 (ten) days of receipt. Please contact CTT’s Customer Service Dept. at (844) 810-0004 for specific return instructions.
Discontinued, withdrawn or recalled CTT products.  Please contact CTT’s Customer Service Dept. at (844) 810-0004 for specific return instructions.

 


Non-Returnable Items:

Partially or fully opened compliance PAC’s, unless otherwise required by law
Products more than 6 (six) months after the expiration date
Products that have deteriorated due to improper storage, heat, water, smoke, etc.
Products involved in fire, flood, or other insurable events
Products sold on a non-returnable basis
Overstocked items
Products returned by any other source other than the original purchaser
Products purchased or distributed contrary to federal, state and local laws

 


Terms of Return Policy:
Credit will be issued in the form of a credit memo at current list prices, or the original price paid, whichever is lower.  No cash refunds.  CTT provides regulatory destruction of all products; therefore, CTT will not reimburse customers for destruction charges for products destroyed by any party other than CTT.
CTT reserves the right to not issue a credit for any return not falling within the parameters of CTT’s Returns Policy.
 


Company Disclaimer:
CTT, at its sole discretion, reserves the right to destroy merchandise as having no value when deemed unfit for sale whether it is returned with or without approval.
 


Other Limitations:

Errors in ordering will only be authorized for return if a request has been made in within 5 (five) days of order.
Please allow 4-6 weeks for all returns to be processed.
Deductions for returns should not be made without prior authorization by CTT

 


Returns Valuation:



Type of Return
Credit Issued*


CTT error, damaged product or non-conforming products*
100% of current list prices, or the original price paid, whichever is lower if reported to CTT Customer Service within 5 business days of receipt and product is returned within 10 business days of receipt


 
 



Returnable Items with RA:
 

Credit Issued*


Product returned up to 60 calendar days from invoice date
100% of current list price or original price paid, whichever is lower


Product returned more than 60 calendar days and up to 180 days from the invoice date
80% of current list price or original price paid, whichever is lower


Product returned up to 6 months past expiration
65% of current list price or original price paid, whichever is lower


Non-Returnable Items

No credit issued
 






*The acceptability, valuation, and acceptance of any return is at the sole discretion of CTT.





 
							Category: Uncategorised 


 






			Contact




 

 




		Published: March 22, 2013		

		Hits: 1160		





Corporate Headquarters
Cambridge Therapeutic TechnologiesGlenpointe Center West500 Frank W. Burr BoulevardSuite 4Teaneck, NJ 07666
Main Phone: 844-810-0004
Email: info@CambridgeTT.com






 
							Category: Uncategorised 


 





			Terms & Conditions




 

 




		Published: March 22, 2013		

		Hits: 2001		




By ordering or accepting any goods from Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies, LLC (“CTT”) or its affiliates or agents, you agree to the following terms and conditions (this “Agreement”) for all of your purchases.  This Agreement may not be altered, supplemented or amended by you through the use of any other document(s).  Any attempt to alter, supplement or amend this Agreement, or to enter an order for product(s) which is (are) subject to additional or altered terms and conditions, will be null and void, unless otherwise agreed to in a written agreement signed by both CTT and you.  This Agreement does not supersede, waive or otherwise affect any security agreements, guarantees, credit applications or other agreements between CTT and you, none of which may be amended except by a writing signed by each party. This Agreement is the “Terms and Conditions” agreement referred to in the Pharmacy Enrollment or Physician Enrollment and New Customer Form and shall apply to all purchases of CTT products ordered by you.
 
NEW ACCOUNTS
You may establish an account with CTT by completing the New Customer Form and faxing or emailing them to orders@cambridgett.com  or by calling CTT toll-free (844) 810-0004.  In all cases you must provide CTT with proof of your facility’s state pharmacy license and a copy of the federal DEA license or state medical dispensing permit or license (if applicable) (which must match the ship-to address).  You may also be required to submit a completed, signed credit application and agreement and other financial documentation as required by CTT, all as more fully set forth in the New Customer Form.  Extension of credit is subject to each account’s credit worthiness, as determined by CTT in its sole discretion.  CTT reserves the right to maintain a credit limit on all accounts and each order, in its sole discretion.    
 
ORDERS
All orders are subject to acceptance by CTT or its agents at its principal place of business.  Even if your order is facilitated by a sales representative, only authorized CTT employees may accept an order(s).  You understand that sales representatives are not employees of CTT and are not authorized to bind CTT or accept orders.  CCT reserves the right to refuse service to anyone.  CTT will indicate its acceptance of an order by issuing an invoice or by shipping the ordered products to you.  You will receive an electronic email confirmation of each order you place.  Subject to CTT’s return policy, you will have 24 hours from the sending of the confirmation email to you to dispute any order placed by you.  Notwithstanding any other provisions, whenever CTT, in its sole discretion, has any doubt as to your credit or ability to make payment in cash or other immediately available funds, CTT reserves the right to require payment in advance of shipment or cash on delivery (C.O.D.).  CTT reserves the right to discontinue a previous extension of credit at any time, without prior notice, for any reason whatsoever in its sole discretion. 
 
SHIPPING
Items are shipped prepaid by CTT.  CTT is not responsible for matters beyond its reasonable control.  Title to merchandise and risk of loss passes to you upon delivery to you.  Any other method of shipment shall be arranged by CTT and paid by you and will be reflected on your invoice if additional shipping costs are incurred.  We will provide commercially reasonable assistance to arrange such expedited or other alternative shipping.
 
PRODUCT AVAILABILITY
Items in stock are available for immediate shipment.  In the event of excess demand, or short supply, CTT may allocate its inventory among its customers as it deems appropriate.  CTT shall not be liable for failure to fulfill any order or to perform under any contract due to events and matters outside its control such as acts of God, war, terrorism, riots, storms, strikes, fires, earthquakes, unavoidable accidents, inability to obtain supplies, contingencies of manufacturing, governmental orders or restrictions or any other causes beyond its control.  CTT reserves the right to discontinue and withdraw from the marketplace any product, product size, or packaging at any time without further obligation on the part of CTT.
 
PAYMENT TERMS
All payments shall be made in full, in good immediately available funds, and in accordance with the payment terms on your invoice, via ACH direct debit, credit card or other payment forms acceptable to CTT.  Until product is paid for in full, you hereby grant CTT, and CTT retains, a security interest in the ordered product.  CTT will have a security interest in any deposit(s) to secure payment to CTT all of your obligations, now existing and in the future.  CTT may assess a service charge calculated at the rate of 1.5% per month (or the maximum rate allowed by law, if such rate is less than 1.5% per month) on any amount not paid to CTT when due.  Failure or delay by CTT to invoice you for any such service charge will not waive CTT’s right to receive the same.  In the event of default in payments on any invoices, CTT shall have the right to declare all invoices immediately due and payable.  If back payments are due, current orders may not be shipped until payments are received, in CTT’s sole discretion, which may change from time to time and from shipment to shipment.  You agree to pay all out-of-pocket expenses, including attorneys’ fees and costs, incurred by CTT to collect any amounts due from you or to otherwise enforce any of the terms stated herein.  CTT (including its affiliates, subsidiaries, parent or related entities, individually or collectively) may exercise a right of set-off against any and all deposits or any amounts we owe to you.  CTT shall be deemed a single creditor for purposes of this section. 
 
PRICING
Prices are subject to change without notice.  Prices billed are the prices in effect at the time the order is accepted.  Prices are subject to all taxes, excises, or other charges levied by any government (national, state or local).  Any disputed prices must be identified to CTT in writing within five (5) business days from the invoice date. 
 
PRICING ERRORS
Price errors may occur from time to time, on items sold by CTT or items sold by third party sellers.  CTT attempts to correct all pricing errors promptly after discovery or after CTT receives notice of an error.  CTT reserves the right to cancel any orders containing pricing errors, with no further obligations to you, even after your receipt of an order confirmation or shipping notice from CTT.  Any payments you make to CTT for orders that are cancelled due to pricing errors will be refunded.
 
PURCHASE FOR OWN USE; NO DIVERSION
You represent, warrant and certify that you have all required governmental licenses, permits and approvals required to purchase, use and/or store the products you purchase from CTT and that all of your purchases from CTT are for your “own use”, as such term is defined in judicial or legislative interpretation, and not for resale to anyone other than the end user, only within the United States and only within your designated class of trade or trades.  CTT may immediately terminate this Agreement, or your ability to make purchases, if CTT determines that you or any facility owned, operated or managed by you, directly or indirectly, has breached this “own use” limitation.  You will comply with all laws, rules, regulations, ordinances and guidance applicable to products purchased hereunder. 
 
RETURNS
Product returns shall be at CTT’s reasonable discretion and in any event in accordance with CTT’s return policy, copies of which are available at www.cambridgett.com/returns.
 
SALES TAXES
CTT is required by law to collect sales tax in certain jurisdictions.  If appropriate, CTT will add the proper amount of tax (state, and, if any, local and transit) to your order.
 
LIABILITY
IN NO EVENT WILL CTT BE LIABLE WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE, FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES OF ANY NATURE OR FOR LOST REVENUE, LOST PROFITS OR LOST BUSINESS ARISING OUT OF YOUR PURCHASES FROM CTT OR THE USE OF PRODUCTS OR CTT’S FAILURE TO DELIVER ORDERED PRODUCTS.  IN NO EVENT SHALL CTT’S LIABILITY FOR ANY ORDER UNDER THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE FEES ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU FOR SUCH ORDER.
 
WARRANTY; DISCLAIMER
We warrant to you that any product we manufacture is, as of the date of shipment, fit for the purposes and indications described in the product labeling.  Unless the product is used in accordance with its instructions, these warranties are void and of no effect.  THERE ARE NO OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, AND CTT HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCTS DELIVERED HEREUNDER.  CTT’S SOLE OBLIGATION AND YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR BREACH OF ANY WARRANTY WILL BE, AT OUR OPTION, TO REPAIR OR REPLACE THE PRODUCT.
 
DISCOUNT DISCLOSURE
If you receive any “discounts or other reductions in price” under Section 1128B(b)(3)(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320-7b(b)(3)(a)) from CTT, you may be required to disclose the discounts or reductions in price under any state or federal program which provides cost or charge-based reimbursement to you for the products or services you buy from CTT, or as otherwise requested or required by any governmental agency.
Rebates and credits may be considered a discount and may need to be disclosed by you as required by applicable law.  All manufacturer contract prices are effective as of the date determined by the manufacturer.  Contract prices are subject to early termination upon notification by manufacturer.  You are responsible for notifying CTT of any special product pricing arrangements that you have negotiated with any product manufacturer or group purchasing organizations.
 
CHOICE OF LAW
This Agreement and all communications, disputes and performance under this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New Jersey, without reference to its conflicts of laws principles.
 
CONFIDENTIALITY
You agree that all information relating to this Agreement, including and your purchase terms and price, are confidential and may not be disclosed to third parties without prior written consent of the other party, except as required by law, by governmental request, court order or legal process or as necessary to perform its obligations under this Agreement.
 
MISCELLANEOUS
Failure to enforce any provision in this Agreement will not be considered a waiver of any right to enforce such provision. Neither party may assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the written consent of the other, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed; provided, however, that CTT may delegate or assign its rights or obligations (in whole or in part) to an affiliate or to any third party in connection with a merger, consolidation, reorganization, sale of stock or sale of all or substantially all of its assets or that portion of its business to which this Agreement relates. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the respective Parties and, where the context admits or requires, their respective permitted successors or assigns. This Agreement does not create any employment, agency, franchise, joint venture, partnership or other similar legal relationship between the parties. In the event that any provisions of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction in any jurisdiction, the remainder of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect without such provision in such jurisdiction and such determination shall not affect the validity or enforceability of such provision or this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. The Parties shall in good faith negotiate a substitute clause for any provision declared invalid or unenforceable, which shall most nearly approximate the intent of the Parties in entering this Agreement. If you do not wish to receive CTT emails, faxes and other promotional materials, login to your online account and opt out in your account settings.





 
							Category: Uncategorised 


 








			Support & Feedback




 

 




		Published: March 22, 2013		

		Hits: 1392		




 
Support Contacts
Corporate Address:Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies500 Frank W. Burr Blvd., Suite 4Teaneck, NJ  07666
Toll Free: (844) 810-0004
Fax: (201) 402-6289
Business Hours: 8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. EST, Monday through Friday
 




					Read more: Support & Feedback




 
							Category: Uncategorised 


 










TOP











Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 





Prednisone (Cambridge Therapeutics Technologies, LLC): FDA Package Insert

 







DrugInserts.com
Prescription Medications



    


Prednisone: Package Insert and Label InformationBy Cambridge Therapeutics Technologies, LLC | Last revised: 15 March 2017
PREDNISONE- prednisone tabletCambridge Therapeutics Technologies, LLC DESCRIPTIONPrednisone is a glucocorticoid. Glucocorticoids are adrenocortical steroids, both naturally occurring and synthetic, which are readily absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract. Prednisone is a white to practically white, odorless, crystalline powder. It is very slightly soluble in water; slightly soluble in alcohol, in chloroform, in dioxane, and in methanol. The chemical name for prednisone is pregna-1, 4-diene-3, 11, 20-trione, 17, 21-dihydroxy-
The structural formula is represented below:




Molecular weight: 358.44
Prednisone Tablets, USP are available in three strengths: 5 mg. In addition, each tablet contains the following Inactive Ingredients: Lactose Monohydrate, Magnesium Stearate, Pregelatinized Starch, Sodium Lauryl Sulfate and Sodium Starch Glycolate.
ACTIONS 
Naturally occurring glucocorticoids (hydrocortisone and cortisone), which also have salt-retaining
properties, are used as replacement therapy in adrenocortical deficiency states. Their synthetic
analogs are primarily used for their potent anti-inflammatory effects in disorders of many organ
systems.
Glucocorticoids cause profound and varied metabolic effects. In addition, they modify the body’s
immune responses to diverse stimuli.
Action ACTIONS 
Naturally occurring glucocorticoids (hydrocortisone and cortisone), which also have salt-retaining properties, are used as replacement therapy in adrenocortical deficiency states. Their synthetic analogs are primarily used for their potent anti-inflammatory effects in disorders of many organ systems.
Glucocorticoids cause profound and varied metabolic effects. In addition, they modify the body’s immune responses to diverse stimuli.
INDICATIONSPrednisone Tablets, USP are indicated in the following conditions:
1. Endocrine Disorders 
Primary or secondary adrenocortical insufficiency (hydrocortisone or cortisone is the first choice; synthetic analogs may be used in conjunction with mineralocorticoids where applicable; in infancy mineralocorticoid supplementation is of particular importance) 
Congenital adrenal hyperplasiaNonsuppurative thyroiditis
2. Rheumatic Disorders 
As adjunctive therapy for short-term administration (to tide the patient over an acute episode or exacerbation) in:
Psoriatic arthritisRheumatoid arthritis, including juvenile rheumatoid arthritis (selected cases may require low-dose maintenance therapy)Ankylosing spondylitisAcute and subacute bursitisAcute nonspecific tenosynovitis Acute gouty arthritisPost-traumatic osteoarthritis Synovitis of osteoarthritisEpicondylitis.
3. Collagen Diseases 
During an exacerbation or as maintenance therapy in selected cases of:
Systemic lupus erythematosusSystemic derznatomyositis (polymyositis)Acute rheumatic carditis
4. Dermatologic Diseases 
PemphigusBullous dermatitis herpetiformisSevere erythema multiforme (Stevens-Johnson syndrome)Exfoliative dermatitisMycosis fungoidesSevere psoriasisSevere seborrheic dermatitis
5. Allergic States 
Control of severe or incapacitating allergic conditions intractable to adequate trials of conventional treatment:
Seasonal or perennial allergic rhinitisBronchial asthmaContact dermatitisAtopic dermatitis             Serum sickness            Drug hypersensitivity reactions
6. Ophthalmic Diseases 
Severe acute and chronic allergic and inflammatory processes involving the eye and its adnexa such as:
Allergic corneal marginal ulcersHerpes zoster ophthalmicusAnterior segment inflammationDiffuse posterior uveitis and choroiditisSympathetic ophthalmiaAllergic conjunctivitisKeratitisChorioretinitisOptic neuritisIritis and iridocyclitis
7. Respiratory Diseases 
Symptomatic sarcoidosisLoeffler’s syndrome not manageable by other meansBerylliosisFulminating or disseminated pulmonary tuberculosis when used concurrently with appropriate antituberculous chemotherapy.Aspiration pneumonitis
8. Hematologic Disorders 
Idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura in adultsSecondary thrombocytopenia in adultsAcquired (autoimmune) hemolytic anemiaErythroblastopenia (RBC anemia)Congenital (erythroid) hypoplastic anemia
9. Neoplastic Diseases 
For palliative management of:
Leukemias and lymphomas in adultsAcute leukemia of childhood
10. Edematous States 
To induce a diuresis or remission of proteinuria in the nephrotic syndrome, without uremia, of the idiopathic type or that due to lupus erythematosus
11. Gastrointestinal Diseases 
To tide the patient over a critical period of the disease in:
Ulcerative colitisRegional enteritis
12. Nervous System 
Acute exacerbations of multiple sclerosis
13. Miscellaneous 
Tuberculous meningitis with subarachnoid block or, impending block when used concurrently  with appropriate antituberculous chemotherapy            Trichinosis with neurologic or myocardial involvement
CONTRAINDICATIONSSystemic fungal infections and known hypersensitivity to components.
WARNINGSIn patients on corticosteroid therapy subjected to unusual stress, increased dosage of rapidly acting corticosteroids before, during, and after the stressful situation is indicated.
Corticosteroids may mask some signs of infection, and new infections may appear during their use. There may be decreased resistance and inability to localize infection when corticosteroids are used.
Prolonged use of corticosteroids may produce posterior subcapsular cataracts, glaucoma with possible damage to the optic nerves, and may enhance the establishment of secondary ocular infections due to fungi or viruses.
Usage in pregnancy:  Since adequate human reproduction studies have not been done with corticosteroids, the use of these drugs in pregnancy, nursing mothers or women of childbearing potential requires that the possible benefits of the drug be weighed against the potential hazards to the mother and embryo or fetus. Infants born of mothers who have received substantial doses of corticosteroids during pregnancy, should be carefully observed for signs of hypoadrenalism.
Average and large doses of hydrocortisone or cortisone can cause elevation of blood pressure, salt and water retention, and increased excretion of potassium. These effects are less likely to occur with the synthetic derivatives except when used in large doses. Dietary salt restriction and potassium supplementation may be necessary. All corticosteroids increase calcium excretion.
 While on corticosteroid therapy patients should not be vaccinated against smallpox. Other immunization procedures should not be undertaken in patients who are on corticosteroids, especially on high dose, because of possible hazards of neurological complications and a lack of antibody response. 
The use of Prednisone Tablets, USP in active tuberculosis should be restricted to those cases of fulminating or disseminated tuberculosis in which the corticosteroid is used for the management of the disease in conjunction with an appropriate anti-tuberculous regimen.
If corticosteroids are indicated in patients with latent tuberculosis or tuberculin reactivity, close observation is necessary as reactivation of the disease may occur. During prolonged corticosteroid therapy, these patients should receive chemoprophylaxis.
Persons who are on drugs which suppress the immune system are more susceptible to infections than healthy individuals. Chickenpox and measles, for example, can have a more serious or even fatal course in non-immune children or adults on corticosteroids. In such children or adults who have not had these diseases, particular care should be taken to avoid exposure. How the dose, route and duration of corticosteroid administration affects the risk of developing a disseminated infection is not known. The contribution of the underlying disease and/or prior corticosteroid treatment to the risk is also not known. If exposed to chickenpox, prophylaxis with varicella-zoster immune globulin (VZIG) may be indicated. If exposed to measles, prophylaxis with pooled intramuscular immunoglobulin (IG) may be indicated. (See the respective package inserts for complete VZIG and IG prescribing information.) If chickenpox develops, treatment with antiviral agents may be considered.
PRECAUTIONS General Precautions Drug-induced secondary adrenocortical insufficiency may be minimized by gradual reduction of dosage. This type of relative insufficiency may persist for months after discontinuation of therapy; therefore, in any situation of stress occurring during that period, hormone therapy should be reinstituted. Since mineralocorticoid secretion may be impaired, salt and/or a mineralocorticoid should be administered concurrently.
There is an enhanced effect of corticosteroids on patients with hypothyroidism and in those with cirrhosis.
Corticosteroids should be used cautiously in patients with ocular herpes simplex because of possible corneal perforation.
The lowest possible dose of corticosteroid should be used to control the condition under treatment, and when reduction in dosage is possible, the reduction should be gradual. 
Psychic derangements may appear when corticosteroids are used, ranging from euphoria, insomnia, mood swings, personality changes, and severe depression, to frank psychotic manifestations. Also, existing emotional instability or psychotic tendencies may be aggravated by corticosteroids.
Aspirin should be used cautiously in conjunction with corticosteroids in hypoprothrombinemia.
Steroids should be used with caution in nonspecific ulcerative colitis, if there is a probability of impending perforation, abscess or other pyogenic infection; diverticulitis; fresh intestinal anastomoses; active or latent peptic ulcer; renal insufficiency; hypertension; osteoporosis; and myasthenia gravis.
Growth and development of infants and children on prolonged corticosteroid therapy should be carefully observed.
Although controlled clinical trials have shown corticosteroids to be effective in speeding the resolution of acute exacerbations of multiple sclerosis, they do not show that corticosteroids affect the ultimate outcome or natural history of the disease. The studies do show that relatively high doses of corticosteroids are necessary to demonstrate a significant effect. (See DOSAGE AND ADMINISTRATION.)
Since complications of treatment with glucocorticoids are dependent on the size of the dose and the duration of treatment, a risk/benefit decision must be made in each individual case as to dose and duration of treatment and as to whether daily or intermittent therapy should be used. 
Convulsions have been reported with concurrent use of methylprednisolone and cyclosporine. Since concurrent use of these agents results in a mutual inhibition of metabolism, it is possible that adverse events associated with the individual use of either drug may be more apt to occur.
Information for patients Persons who are on immunosuppressant doses of corticosteroids should be warned to avoid exposure to chickenpox or measles. Patients should also be advised that if they are exposed, medical advice should be sought without delay.
ADVERSE REACTIONS Fluid and Electrolyte Disturbances 
Sodium retention    Fluid retention    Congestive heart failure in susceptible patients    Potassium loss    Hypokalemic alkalosis            Hypertension
 Musculoskeletal 
Muscle weakness    Steroid myopathy    Loss of muscle mass    Osteoporosis    Vertebral compression fractures    Aseptic necrosis of femoral and humeral heads            Pathologic fracture of long bones
 Gastrointestinal 
Peptic ulcer with possible perforation and hemorrhage    Pancreatitis    Abdominal distention            Ulcerative esophagitis
 Dermatologic 
Impaired wound healing    Thin fragile skin    Petechiae and ecchymoses    Facial erythema    Increased sweating    May suppress reactions to skin tests
 Metabolic 
Negative nitrogen balance due to protein catabolism
 Neurological 
Increased intracranial pressure with papilledema (pseudo-tumor cerebri) usually after treatment   Convulsions    Vertigo            Headache
 Endocrine 
Menstrual irregularities    Development of Cushingoid state    Secondary adrenocortical and pituitary unresponsiveness, particularly in times of stress, as in trauma, surgery or illnessSuppression of growth in children    Decreased carbohydrate tolerance    Manifestations of latent diabetes melliltus            Increased requirements for insulin or oral hypoglycemic agents in diabetics
 Ophthalmic 
Posterior subcapsular cataracts     Increased intraocular pressure     Glaucoma            Exophthalmos
 Additional Reactions 
Urticaria and other allergic, anaphylactic or hypersensitivity reactions.
DOSAGE AND ADMINISTRATIONThe initial dosage of prednisone Tablets, USP may vary from 5 mg to 60 mg prednisone per day depending on the specific disease entity being treated. In situations of less severity lower doses will generally suffice while in selected patients higher initial doses may be required. The initial dosage should be maintained or adjusted until a satisfactory response is noted. If after a reasonable period of time there is a lack of satisfactory clinical response, Prednisone should be discontinued and the patient transferred to other appropriate therapy. IT SHOULD BE EMPHASIZED THAT DOSAGE REQUIREMENTS ARE VARIABLE AND MUST BE INDIVIDUALIZED ON THE BASIS OF THE DISEASE UNDER TREATMENT AND THE RESPONSE OF THE PATIENT.  After a favorable response is noted, the proper maintenance dosage should be determined by decreasing the initial drug dosage in small decrements at appropriate time intervals until the lowest dosage which will maintain an adequate clinical response is reached. It should be kept in mind that constant monitoring is needed in regard to drug dosage. Included in the situations which may make dosage adjustments necessary are changes in clinical status secondary to remissions or exacerbations in the disease process, the patient’s individual drug responsiveness, and the effect of patient exposure to stressful situations not directly related to the disease entity under treatment; in this latter situation it may be necessary to increase the dosage of Prednisone for a period of time consistent with the patient’s condition. If after long-term therapy the drug is to be stopped, it is recommended that it be withdrawn gradually rather than abruptly.
 Multiple Sclerosis 
In the treatment of acute exacerbations of multiple sclerosis daily doses of 200 mg of prednisolone for a week followed by 80 mg every other day for 1 month have been shown to be effective. (Dosage range is the same for prednisone and prednisolone.)
 ADT ® (Alternate Day Therapy) 
ADT is a corticosteroid dosing regimen in which twice the usual daily dose of corticoid is administered every other morning. The purpose of this mode of therapy is to provide the patient requiring long-term pharmacologic dose treatment with the beneficial effects of corticoids while minimizing certain undesirable effects, including pituitary-adrenal suppression, the Cushingoid state, corticoid withdrawal symptoms, and growth suppression in children. The rationale for this treatment schedule is based on two major premises: (a) the anti-inflammatory or therapeutic effect of corticoids persists longer than their physical presence and metabolic effects and  (b) administration of the corticosteroid every other morning allows for re-establishment of more nearly normal hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) activity on the off-steroid day.
A brief review of the HPA physiology may be helpful in understanding this rationale. Acting primarily through the hypothalamus a fall in free cortisol stimulates the pituitary gland to produce increasing amounts of corticotropin (ACTH) while a rise in free cortisol inhibits ACTH secretion. Normally the HPA system is characterized by diurnal (circadian) rhythm. Serum levels of ACTH rise from a low point about 10 pm to a peak level about 6 am. Increasing levels of ACTH stimulate adrenocortical activity resulting in a rise in plasma cortisol with maximal levels occurring between 2 am and 8 am. This rise in cortisol dampens ACTH production and in turn adrenocortical activity. There is a gradual fall in plasma corticoids during the day with lowest levels occurring about midnight.
The diurnal rhythm of the HPA axis is lost in Cushing’s disease, a syndrome of adrenocortical hyperfunction characterized by obesity with centripetal fat distribution, thinning of the skin with easy bruisability, muscle wasting with weakness, hypertension, latent diabetes, osteoporosis, electrolyte imbalance, etc. The same clinical findings of hyperadrenocorticism may be noted during long-term pharmacologic dose corticoid therapy administered in conventional daily divided doses. It would appear, then, that a disturbance in the diurnal cycle with maintenance of elevated corticoid values during the night may play a significant role in the development of undesirable corticoid effects. Escape from these constantly elevated plasma levels for even short periods of time may be instrumental in protecting against undesirable pharmacologic effects.
During conventional pharmacologic dose corticosteroid therapy, ACTH production is inhibited with subsequent suppression of cortisol production by the adrenal cortex. Recovery time for normal HPA activity is variable depending upon the dose and duration of treatment. During this time the patient is vulnerable to any stressful situation. Although it has been shown that there is considerably less adrenal suppression following a single morning dose of prednisolone (10 mg) as opposed to a quarter of that dose administered every 6 hours, there is evidence that some suppressive effect on adrenal activity may be carried over into the following day when pharmacologic doses are used. Further, it has been shown that a single dose of certain corticosteroids will produce adrenocortical suppression for two or more days. Other corticoids, including methylprednisolone, hydrocortisone, prednisone, and prednisolone, are considered to be short acting (producing adrenocortical suppression for 1 ¼ to 1 ½ days following a single dose) and thus are recommended for alternate day therapy.
The following should be kept in mind when considering alternate day therapy:
1) Basic principles and indications for corticosteroid therapy should apply. The benefits of ADT should not encourage the indiscriminate use of steroids.2) ADT is a therapeutic technique primarily designed for patients in whom long-term pharmacologic corticoid therapy is anticipated.3)   In less severe disease processes in which corticoid therapy is indicated, it may be possible to initiate treatment with ADT. More severe disease states usually will require daily divided high dose therapy for initial control of the disease process. The initial suppressive dose level should be continued until satisfactory clinical response is obtained, usually four to ten days in the case of many allergic and collagen diseases. It is important to keep the period of initial suppressive dose as brief as possible particularly when subsequent use of alternate day therapy is intended. Once control has been established, two courses are available: (a) change to ADT and then gradually reduce the amount of corticoid given every other day or (b) following control of the disease process reduce the daily dose of corticoid to the lowest effective level as rapidly as possible and then change over to an alternate day schedule. Theoretically, course (a) may be preferable.4) Because of the advantages of ADT, it may be desirable to try patients on this form of therapy who have been on daily corticoids for long periods of time (eg, patients with rheumatoid arthritis). Since these patients may already have a suppressed HPA axis, establishing them on ADT may be difficult and not always successful. However, it is recommended that regular attempts be made to change them over. It may be helpful to triple or even quadruple the daily maintenance dose and administer this every other day rather than just doubling the daily dose if difficulty is encountered. Once the patient is again controlled, an attempt should be made to reduce this dose to a minimum.5) As indicated above, certain corticosteroids, because of their prolonged suppressive effect on adrenal activity, are not recommended for alternate day therapy (eg; dexamethasone and betamethasone).6) The maximal activity of the adrenal cortex is between 2 am and 8 am, and it is minimal between 4 pm and midnight. Exogenous corticosteroids suppress adrenocortical activity the least, when given at the time of maximal activity (am).7) In using ADT it is important, as in all therapeutic situations to individualize and tailor the therapy to each patient. Complete control of symptoms will not be possible in all patients. An explanation of the benefits of ADT will help the patient to understand and tolerate the possible flare-up in symptoms  which may occur in the latter part of the off-steroid day. Other symptomatic therapy may be added or increased at this time if needed.8) In the event of an acute flare-up of the disease process, it may be necessary to return to a full suppressive daily divided corticoid dose for control. Once control is again established alternate day therapy may be re-instituted.9) Although many of the undesirable features of corticosteroid therapy can be minimized by ADT, as in any therapeutic situation, the physician must carefully weigh the benefit-risk ratio for each patient in whom corticoid therapy is being considered.





Share this Drug Information

Facebook

Stumble!
Tweet
Google +1

Pin

Print
Tell a Friend
More…

Also by this Manufacturer

Additional medications in the ‘Prescription Medications’ section by Cambridge Therapeutics Technologies, LLC.
Or get Cambridge Therapeutics Technologies, LLC product information by RSS.

Related Searches
Within the ‘Prescription Medications’ section:

Brand names beginning with the letter ‘P’ (Prednisone).
Medications with generic name beginning with the letter ‘P’ (Prednisone).
Medication information from March 2017, newest first or March 2017, earliest first.

Clinical Trials
Use Trial Bulletin to search for clinical trials involving this product:

Prednisone

FDA MedWatch

Sterile Drug Products by Cantrell Drug Company: Recall –  Lack of Sterility AssuranceTue, 25 Jul 2017. Administration of a drug product intended to be sterile that is not sterile could result in serious infections that may be life-threatening.La Bri’s Body Health Atomic and Xplode Capsules by EZ Weight Loss TX: Recall – Undeclared Drug IngredientTue, 25 Jul 2017. Sibutramine is known to increase blood pressure and/or pulse rate in some patients and may present a risk for patients with a history of coronary artery disease, congestive heart failure, arrhythmias, or stroke.

Trustworthy Health Information


This site complies with the  HONcode standard for trustworthy health information: verify here.

VetLabel.com
Our full Veterinary Products section for consumers and veterinary professionals is now available exclusively via VetLabel.com.
 









 




 







Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies - Return Policy

















































HOW TO CREATE AN ACCOUNT
1 Select account type.
2 Complete online application.
3 CTT will contact you.
If you have additional questions, please email us at order@cambridgett.com. Thank you!








ACCOUNT OPTIONS
Register as a:Physician or Urgent Care
Pharmacy



















 CREATE ACCOUNT
						






ORDER




















Home

 




					Return Policy				






Return Policy




















Return Authorizations:
A Return Authorization is required to return Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies (CTT) products.  Product will not be credited without a Return Authorization and credit will only be issued if it is within the terms of the return policy.
For product returns due to shipping error on the part of CTT, product damaged by CTT (or its agents), or non-conforming products requiring regulatory review, please contact CTT’s Customer Service Department within 5 (five) business days of receipt at (844) 810-0004 for specific return instructions.  Product must be returned within 10 (ten) business days of receipt. 
All claims for concealed shortages must be submitted within 10 (ten) business days of receipt to be eligible for credit.
Receipt of a Return Goods Authorization number does not constitute CTT’s acceptance for credit.
All returns from CTT customers must be prepaid (with the exception of product shipped due to an error on the part of CTT, product damaged by CTT or its agents, or non-conforming products requiring regulatory review).
 


Return Authorization Requests:

For RA requests (labels) please call CTT’s Customer Service at (844) 810-0004.
You will need to provide the lot number and expiration date for all products you wish to return.
Please ensure that a debit memo number is provided with each request.
No credit shall be issued without a valid CTT approved Return Authorization.

Please send authorized returns to:
Legacy Pharmaceutical Packaging, LLC
13333 Lakefront DriveEarth City, MO  63045
 


Returnable Items:

Authorized, unopened, properly labeled expired compliance PAC’s up to 6 (six) months past the expiration date except as required by federal or state law or regulation.
Products damaged by CTT (or its agents), provided it is returned unopened within 10 (ten) days of receipt.  Please contact CTT’s Customer Service Dept. within 5 (five) business days of receipt at (844) 810-0004 for specific return instructions.
Products shipped due to an error by CTT, provided it is returned unopened within 10 (ten) days of receipt.  Please contact CTT’s Customer Service Dept. within 5 (five) business days of receipt at (844) 810-0004 for specific return instructions.
Non-conforming products requiring Regulatory review by CTT, provided it is returned within 10 (ten) days of receipt. Please contact CTT’s Customer Service Dept. at (844) 810-0004 for specific return instructions.
Discontinued, withdrawn or recalled CTT products.  Please contact CTT’s Customer Service Dept. at (844) 810-0004 for specific return instructions.

 


Non-Returnable Items:

Partially or fully opened compliance PAC’s, unless otherwise required by law
Products more than 6 (six) months after the expiration date
Products that have deteriorated due to improper storage, heat, water, smoke, etc.
Products involved in fire, flood, or other insurable events
Products sold on a non-returnable basis
Overstocked items
Products returned by any other source other than the original purchaser
Products purchased or distributed contrary to federal, state and local laws

 


Terms of Return Policy:
Credit will be issued in the form of a credit memo at current list prices, or the original price paid, whichever is lower.  No cash refunds.  CTT provides regulatory destruction of all products; therefore, CTT will not reimburse customers for destruction charges for products destroyed by any party other than CTT.
CTT reserves the right to not issue a credit for any return not falling within the parameters of CTT’s Returns Policy.
 


Company Disclaimer:
CTT, at its sole discretion, reserves the right to destroy merchandise as having no value when deemed unfit for sale whether it is returned with or without approval.
 


Other Limitations:

Errors in ordering will only be authorized for return if a request has been made in within 5 (five) days of order.
Please allow 4-6 weeks for all returns to be processed.
Deductions for returns should not be made without prior authorization by CTT

 


Returns Valuation:



Type of Return
Credit Issued*


CTT error, damaged product or non-conforming products*
100% of current list prices, or the original price paid, whichever is lower if reported to CTT Customer Service within 5 business days of receipt and product is returned within 10 business days of receipt


 
 



Returnable Items with RA:
 

Credit Issued*


Product returned up to 60 calendar days from invoice date
100% of current list price or original price paid, whichever is lower


Product returned more than 60 calendar days and up to 180 days from the invoice date
80% of current list price or original price paid, whichever is lower


Product returned up to 6 months past expiration
65% of current list price or original price paid, whichever is lower


Non-Returnable Items

No credit issued
 






*The acceptability, valuation, and acceptance of any return is at the sole discretion of CTT.







TOP

















About | Cambridge Therapeutics


























 Toggle navigation    





About
Services
E-Store
Blog | News
Workshops
Contact Us










We are Cambridge



Cambridge Therapeutic is a highly specialised aesthetics medi-spa that is luxurious and welcoming and brings out the best in you.
We believe in utilising advanced and proven scientific-based therapies for the Face, Body and Hair. We believe in using the most sought after and highly-regarded ingredients and take pride in our services making a genuine difference in your life.

That's why our remedies are physician formulated, safe and always with demonstrated excellent results.








A Scientific Approach to Beauty
Founded by highly-regarded board-certified doctors, Cambridge Therapeutics offers today's most advanced anti-ageing treatments and protocols.

Our unique difference is that we follow a health care model when it comes to meeting your beauty goals. This involves a full circle solution, from consultation to assessment to recommendation to treatment.

We believe it is important to understand your needs and goals first, and then fully explain our process for treatments, which are all non-invasive and allow you to continue your life with no downtime.
It's About YOU
At Cambridge Therapeutics we always put our clients welfare first, and we take pride in delivering trusted services. We believe always in providing the best therapies using a combination of science-based technologies and the safest proven ingredients. All our therapies are doctor-formulated and regularly reviewed so that they are consistently on par with physician standards.

We like to take care of our clients, from the warm welcome to thoughtful waiting areas and fine conveniences you will appreciate. Rest assured that at Cambridge, you are always in trusted hands.
 
Winner, Best Medi-Spa by Singapore Tatler Best Of Singapore 2015

Winner, Best Facial Mist by Harpers BAZAAR Beauty Awards 2014







Copyright 2017 Cambridge Therapeutics Medical Aesthetics Spa. Winner of Best Medispa Singapore 2015, 2016 & 2017. All Rights Reserved. 391B Orchard Road, #08-05A2 Tower B Medical Floor, Ngee Ann City. Tel: 6733 6729
















Services





Bestseller





Blog | News





Workshops













YOU'VE UNLOCKED A SPECIAL OFFER!
30% OFF
YOUR FIRST TRIAL
To activate your discount, enter your details below


















Submit

No thanks, I'd rather miss out on this one-time offer

×









Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 6:30 PM ET
Health Care Technology

Company Overview of Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies, LLC develops and markets medication adherence solutions. It offers solutions in the areas of point-of-care, Rx dispensing, Rx in compliance packaging, refill reminder system, network of local pharmacies or mail order for refills, generic drugs, and therapeutic class formulary for acute and chronic conditions; and software package to facilitate ordering, inventory management, and claims adjudication. The company serves physician offices, urgent care clinics, surgery clinics, hospitals, independent pharmacies, small pharmacy chains, employee sponsored plans, PBMs, and veterinary offices. Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies, LLC was incorporated in 2011 and is...
Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies, LLC develops and markets medication adherence solutions. It offers solutions in the areas of point-of-care, Rx dispensing, Rx in compliance packaging, refill reminder system, network of local pharmacies or mail order for refills, generic drugs, and therapeutic class formulary for acute and chronic conditions; and software package to facilitate ordering, inventory management, and claims adjudication. The company serves physician offices, urgent care clinics, surgery clinics, hospitals, independent pharmacies, small pharmacy chains, employee sponsored plans, PBMs, and veterinary offices. Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies, LLC was incorporated in 2011 and is based in Teaneck, New Jersey.
Detailed Description


Glenpointe Center West500 Frank West Burr BoulevardSuite 4Teaneck, NJ 07666United StatesFounded in 2011



Phone: 844-810-0004

www.cambridgett.com







Key Executives for Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies, LLC




Mr. John H. Klein


      	Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
      


Age: 70
        







Mr. Joseph C. DosSantos  MBA, CPA


      	Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 49
        







 Mark A. Adams Sr.


      	Executive Vice President and National Director of Sales and Marketing
      








Dr. Robert C. Ashton Jr.


      	Executive Vice President of Healthcare Operations
      


Age: 52
        







Mr. Barry A. Posner


      	Executive Vice President of Bus. Dev., Legal and Reg. Affairs
      


Age: 53
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 [m]pirik LLC United States 1747, Inc. United States 1EQ, Inc. United States 1healthy.world, inc. United States 20over8, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      September 19, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies, LLC, please visit www.cambridgett.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


































Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies Reviews - CB Insights


























×
Name your new list


Come up with a name for your new list and we'll add  to it:




Cancel
Create list

 








Customers


Case Studies & Testimonials




All 68 testimonials




Deal Makers

Venture Capital
Corporate Development / M&A
Corporate Venture Capital
Sales & Business Development
Investment Banks
Wealth Management
Growth Equity Investors



Strategy / Product

Corporate Strategy
Corporate Innovation
Competitive Intelligence
Strategy Consulting
Product Development





Advisors / Consulting

Investment Banks
Lawyers
Strategy Consulting



Non-profits

Universities
Economic Development






Platform

Venture Capital Database

Insights & Company Intel

Business Social Graph

Mosaic Rating

Company Mosaic
Investor Mosaic
Market Mosaic



Analytics & Data Viz

Industry Analytics
Investor Analytics
Geo Analytics





Venture Capital and M&A/IPO Data

Deal Feeds & Alerts



Productivity Tools

Chrome browser plugin
Mobile app





Services

On-Demand Research
Custom Content / Marketing Services
Expert By CB Insights


Research

Get our newsletter (145K+ have it)
Reports
Webinars
Research blog
Insurance Tech blog


The Company

About Us
Press
We're hiring
Team Blog


Pricing
Try us for free
Log in





Login


Try us for free


Customers




Case studies & testimonials




Read all 68 testimonials



Deal Makers

Venture Capital Firms
Corporate Venture
Corporate Development / M&A
Growth Equity Investors
Investment Banks
Wealth Management

Advisors / Consulting

Law firms
Strategy Consulting



Strategy / Product

Strategy Consulting
Corporate Strategy
Corporate Innovation
Competitive Intelligence
Product Development
Sales and Business Development

Non-profits

Universities
Economic Development Organizations







Platform





Insights & Company Intel





Business Social Graph








Mosaic Rating

Company Mosaic
Investor Mosaic
Market Mosaic






Venture Capital and M&A/IPO Data

Venture Capital Database
Private Company Valuations & Multiples





Analytics & Data Viz

Industry Analytics
Investor Analytics
Geo Analytics






Productivity Tools






Chrome browser plugin











Mobile app













Services



On-Demand Research
Custom Content / Marketing Services
Expert By CB Insights




Research



Get our newsletter (145K+ have it)
Reports
Webinars
Research blog
Insurance Tech blog




The Company



About Us
Press
We're hiring
Team Blog




Pricing











Already a member? Click here to login  
	              Close



 


 Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies 




Download PDF
Follow






					Public lists:					







Dashboard
Performance
Jobs
Financing
Board
Competitors
Patents








							Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies is a Teaneck, NJ-based stealth pharmaceutical company.							

							Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies is a Teaneck, NJ-based stealth pharmaceutical company.							
Company (Alive / Active)



All investors data
1 Investors

Undisclosed Investors 



Phone: 844-810-0004
Fax: 



										500 Frank W. Burr Boulevard										Suite 4 

										Teaneck, 										07666 

										New Jersey, 										United States 







Latest News








See all 0  articles





See more competitors data Competitors




Total Funding
Date of Last Funding




Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies


													$6M												



													Oct 3, 2016												




See all 0  competitors














Web Traffic

Rank


Show
(-10)


Engagement (PVPU)


Show
(+1%)


Domain Authority Score
Show
Page Views Per Million (PVPM)
Show
Reach Per Million
Show




Rank
Page Views Per User (PVPU)
Page Views Per Million (PVPM)
Reach Per Million (RPM)




1W
1M
6M
1Y




  





1W
1M
6M
1Y




  





1W
1M
6M
1Y










1W
1M
6M
1Y










 


SEO Statistics




Domain Authority Score
Show


Page Authority Score
Show


No. External Links
Show


No. Links
Show






Web Traffic Statistics - Growth





Per Week
Per Month
Per 6 Months
Per Year




Rank
 Login to see details


Page Views Per Million
 Login to see details


Page Views Per User
 Login to see details


Reach Per Million
 Login to see details












Related Cambridge Therapeutic Technologies Jobs

jobs by 






						There is no Financing data available for this company. Please select another tab.
					

Investors




Investor
Investor Type
Location
Participating Rounds








								See all 1  investors
							







						There is no Board of Directors data available for this company. Please select another tab.
					



								Board Members
							




Name
Firm













						There is no Competitors data available for this company. Please select another tab.
					



								Competitors
							




Company
Status
Description
Investors






See all 0  competitors







Patents



Title
Application Date
Patent Date
Status (Patent / Application)









 

























Cambridge Therapeutics Technologies, LLC Products: Prescription Medications...

 







DrugInserts.com
Prescription Medications



    


Cambridge Therapeutics Technologies, LLC Products: Prescription Medications Section, Page 2
Page 2 of 4 « 1 2 3 4 » 



Celecoxib
Celecoxib
By Cambridge Therapeutics Technologies, LLC | Last revised: 20 June 2017

Celecoxib capsules are indicated. Celecoxib is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug indicated for: Osteoarthritis (OA) (1.1) Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA) (1.2) Juvenile Rheumatoid Arthritis (JRA) in patients 2 years and older (1.3) Ankylosing…




Clopidogrel
Clopidogrel Bisulfate
By Cambridge Therapeutics Technologies, LLC | Last revised: 9 March 2017

Clopidogrel bisulfate is a P2Y12 platelet inhibitor indicated for: Acute coronary syndrome. For patients with non-ST-segment elevation ACS [unstable angina (UA)/non-ST-elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI)], clopidogrel bisulfate has been shown…




Diclofenac Sodium
Diclofenac Sodium
By Cambridge Therapeutics Technologies, LLC | Last revised: 16 December 2016

Carefully consider the potential benefits and risks of diclofenac sodium delayed-release tablets and other treatment options before deciding to use diclofenac sodium delayed-release tablets. Use the lowest effective dose for the shortest duration…




Diclofenac Sodium Delayed Release Delayed Release
Diclofenac Sodium
By Cambridge Therapeutics Technologies, LLC | Last revised: 7 June 2017

Carefully consider the potential benefits and risks of diclofenac sodium delayed-release tablets and other treatment options before deciding to use diclofenac. Use the lowest effective dose for the shortest duration consistent with individual…




Doxycycline Hyclate
Doxycycline Hyclate
By Cambridge Therapeutics Technologies, LLC | Last revised: 25 August 2016

To reduce the development of drug-resistant bacteria and maintain effectiveness of Doxycycline Hyclate Tablets and other antibacterial drugs. Doxycycline Hyclate Tablets should be used only to treat or prevent infections that are proven or strongly…


Page 2 of 4 « 1 2 3 4 » 




Share this Drug Information

Facebook

Stumble!
Tweet
Google +1

Pin

Print
Tell a Friend
More…

FDA MedWatch

Sterile Drug Products by Cantrell Drug Company: Recall –  Lack of Sterility AssuranceTue, 25 Jul 2017. Administration of a drug product intended to be sterile that is not sterile could result in serious infections that may be life-threatening.La Bri’s Body Health Atomic and Xplode Capsules by EZ Weight Loss TX: Recall – Undeclared Drug IngredientTue, 25 Jul 2017. Sibutramine is known to increase blood pressure and/or pulse rate in some patients and may present a risk for patients with a history of coronary artery disease, congestive heart failure, arrhythmias, or stroke.

Trustworthy Health Information


This site complies with the  HONcode standard for trustworthy health information: verify here.

VetLabel.com
Our full Veterinary Products section for consumers and veterinary professionals is now available exclusively via VetLabel.com.
 









 




