




Camp Native




















































Camp Native




















































Camp Native












































































Camp Native | Spearfish, SD, US Startup 






















Start up confidently with Gust Launch: all the legal, accounting, and financial tools you need to start and run your company.






















Overview




Pitch Deck




Executive Summary




Financials




Documents


























Camp Native

Discover and reserve accommodations to campgrounds, rv parks, cabins, and lodges. Over $1M in funding raised, over 600 properties signed in 9 months. 






Stage

Full Product Ready



Industry

Internet / Web Services



Location

Spearfish, SD, US



Currency

USD



Founded

April 2015



Employees

14



Incorporation Type

C-corp



Website

campnative.com

















Company Summary





Camp Native is a trusted marketplace for campgrounds, cabins, and resorts as well as outdoor enthusiasts searching for accommodations. Camp Native connects users to their optimum accommodations. For outdoor enthusiasts of any type, Camp Native is your gateway to the outdoors.
Camp Native is the fastest growing outdoor reservation and marketing platform in the USA with over 600 campgrounds partners signed in less than a year. 










Team













David Woodbury

Chief Executive Officer




David Woodbury founded and led a multi-million dollar wireless service provider and founded a successful cause-marketing startup.  He has an extensive background in customer acquisition and sales.
http://www.linkedin.com/in/davidnwoodbury
[email protected]












Chris Rimple

Chief Technology Officer




Chris Rimple has held executive leadership roles in Product and Engineering with many public companies and startups, including Rhapsody, Second Life, and others.  He founded and led a multi-million dollar consultancy and has designed, built, and managed products that generated hundreds of millions of dollars in annual revenue.
http://www.linkedin.com/in/chrisrimple
[email protected]












MITCHELL HYMOWITZ

Chief Financial Officer




Mitchell Hymowitz has managed finances for countless startups, including 85 financing and M&A deals worth over $500 million dollars.  His sharp eyes ensure that investor funds are used wisely.
http://www.linkedin.com/in/mhymowitz
[email protected]












Brent Rangen

Director of Marketing 




Brent is a certified and award-winning digital marketer, having built search ecosystems for brands like Chewy.com, JetSmarter, and others.  He has extensive experience with SEO, SEM, and brand development. 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/organicsearch
[email protected]















Previous Investors













9Mile Labs

Accelerator
Unconfirmed










Colleen O'Toole

Accelerator
































Loading









Startup Spotlight: Camp Native makes it easy to find and reserve campsites around the world – GeekWire
























































 

























Toggle search box



Toggle navigation












Search for:










LATEST
POPULAR




 
Better, or worse? Google joins Tri Alpha Energy to find better paths to fusion power

 
Facebook Platform, 10 years later: VP Deb Liu on the social network’s expanding developer program

  
A secret Amazon team is reportedly working on disruptive healthcare tech

 
Whole Foods profits dip more than 11% with big Amazon acquisition pending

 
Breakthrough Starshot tests smallest space probes for interstellar mission

 
Facebook now has 2B monthly users as it beats earnings expectations with $9.3B in revenue

 
F5 third-quarter revenue comes in lighter than expected as customers ponder the cloud

 
In updated IPO filing, Redfin says its co-founder is threatening patent suit

 
Amazon revs up its robotics challenge at RoboCup, with $250,000 in prizes at stake

 
United Launch Alliance agrees to deliver Astrobotic’s lander to the moon in 2019

 
It’s not a ‘win-win outcome’: Let’s ‘close the loop’ on the most overused corporate cliches in all 50 states

  
UW researchers discover a recipe to regenerate retinal cells in mice

 
Nintendo beats earnings expectations as Switch console sales reach 4.7M in 4 months

 
Amazon hiring another 50K fulfillment employees, holds new ‘Jobs Day’ events at warehouses

 
How T-Mobile is using containers in production to increase uptime and save money

 
Microsoft unveils Azure Container Instances, joins Cloud Native group, isolating AWS on Kubernetes

 
The Amazon Effect: Seattle is the top city, and retail the top industry, for software job growth

 
Elon Musk shows off car elevator test for the Boring Company’s fast-track tunnel

 
AI2 lists top artificial intelligence systems in its Visual Understanding Challenge

 
After breaking free from Intel, McAfee lays off some Portland-based employees





 
Convoy raises $62M from Bill Gates and other luminaries to transform trucking industry with technology
  
Single in Seattle? The League brings its exclusive ‘dating app for power couples’ to the Northwest
  
Health Tech Podcast: How one woman built her own artificial pancreas and started a DIY movement
  
Microsoft unveils Azure Container Instances, joins Cloud Native group, isolating AWS on Kubernetes
  
Jeff Bezos and other investors raise $200 million for vertical farming startup Plenty
  
Testing the new breed of bike sharing: We pitted Spin vs. LimeBike on the streets of Seattle
  
Amazon hiring another 50K fulfillment employees, holds new ‘Jobs Day’ events at warehouses
  
Pay attention: Here’s what you need to know about Washington state’s strict new distracted-driving law
  
Look out, Bay Area: Seattle rises to 2nd best tech city in the U.S., passing Washington D.C.
  
Seattle tech investor’s message to the elite: Fighting Trump means forking over some wealth and paying workers fair wages
  
Microsoft beats earnings expectations with $24.7B in revenue as stock reaches all-time high
  
Independent for two years, Kubernetes is at the center of the cloud — and now comes the hard part
  
‘Fifth Element’ squared: 5 cool ideas from the sci-fi visuals of ‘Valerian’
  
Giant Chewbacca, Harry Potter, Batgirl and more Funko figurines added to new HQ building
  
Trump launches another Twitter tirade against Amazon and Bezos-owned Washington Post
  
Leadership lessons from Pete Carroll: Develop a personal philosophy, and preach it to your team
  
Amazon Inspire educational site opens to all schools, applying lessons learned in year-long beta
  
Amazon is already selling pre-packaged ‘Meal Kits’ as it bites into service from Blue Apron and others
  
Amazon Alexa and Echo chief Mike George is leaving after nearly two decades with the company
  
Convoy founders cautious about self-driving trucks after raising $62M; many regulatory and logistical hurdles to overcome
 




Trending: Microsoft unveils Azure Container Instances, joins Cloud Native group, isolating AWS on Kubernetes 





Startup Spotlight: Camp Native makes it easy to find and reserve campsites around the world
by Monica Nickelsburg on May 14, 2015 at 2:55 pmJuly 4, 2017 at 5:00 pm


















 Comments  
 Share
 Tweet
 Share  19
 Reddit
 Email




GeekWire Summit: Early-bird tickets here!





 

  


Startup Spotlight profiles emerging tech companies in the Pacific Northwest. Do you run a standout startup? Apply for Startup Spotlight.



The Camp Native team: Mitchell Hymowitz, David Woodbury, Brian Martell, Chris Rimple

It’s been a whirlwind year for serial entrepreneurs David Woodbury and Brian Martell. A month after conceiving the idea for a service that helps people find and reserve campsites, they had offers to join four different accelerators across the U.S. They ultimately decided to join 9Mile Labs’ spring cohort in Seattle and just a few weeks ago, Camp Native officially launched.
David Woodbury on stage at Milestone9
“A great way to think about Camp Native is that we’re like Hotels.com for camping,” Woodbury told a crowd of over 600 at Milestone9, 9Mile’s Demo Day, this morning.

(Editor’s note: Follow our coverage of the other 9Mile companies that presented today here, and check out our report from Milestone9 event here).

Camp Native allows users to search campsites by zip code, filter by activities, and reserve and pay online. The startup plans to close its seed financing round by the end of June and launch a national database of over 20,000 campsites by the end of the year.
“We chose 9Mile Labs in Seattle because we both love Seattle and we thought the Pacific Northwest would really embrace an outdoors-focused startup,” said Woodbury, the company’s CEO. “So, we packed our bags and moved west.”
We caught up with Woodbury for this Startup Spotlight, a regular GeekWire feature.
Explain what you do so our parents can understand it: “Camp Native is the best place to list, discover, and reserve a campsite. People use Camp Native to find and reserve unique campsites all over the country.”
Camp Native CEO David Woodbury

Inspiration hit us when: “As avid campers we have personally felt the pain of trying to find and reserve campsites. Many campgrounds did not have websites and those that did were pretty terrible. Online reservation systems were difficult to navigate and the majority of campgrounds were requiring the camper to call or email for a reservation. I thought, ‘why can’t reserving a campsite be as easy as reserving a hotel room?’
After doing some research and realizing that campground reservations were a multi-billion dollar market  — and that 97 percent of the 40 million people who camp every year were spending considerable time trying to plan their camping trips ahead of time — we knew this was a strong business idea in an industry we were extremely passionate about.”
VC, Angel or Bootstrap: “Camp Native is a great investment option for either a small VC or a larger angel. We are currently working on closing our seed round of investment and have interest from both types of investors. As previous entrepreneurs (all founders have been working in startups since 2008), we have previously bootstrapped and funded companies. Ultimately it just depends on how fast the entrepreneur can go and how interesting the idea is to investors. We have decided to bring on funding for Camp Native because we want to scale the company very quickly.”
Our ‘secret sauce’ is: “A veteran management team with a track record of execution. From a product standpoint we are allowing people to search campgrounds based on activities they would like to participate in. So if you like to fly fish, you would only see campgrounds near fly fishing streams, etc.”

The smartest move we’ve made so far: “Moving to Seattle and joining the 9Mile Labs accelerator has proven to be a great move for us. We were provided with fantastic mentors and in fact one of those mentors has now joined the team as CTO (Chris Rimple).”
The biggest mistake we’ve made so far: “We relied on some inexperienced engineering early on and ultimately we wasted two months of time and money because we couldn’t get the job done right. We refocused and hired a CTO and veteran full stack developer which has cost us significantly more, but ultimately the job is getting done right.”
Would you rather have Gates, Zuckerberg or Bezos in your corner: “Gates. Bill knew how to sell. I want everyone on my team to know how to sell.”
Our favorite team-building activity is: “Ummm … camping.”
The biggest thing we look for when hiring is: “You must be passionate about the outdoors.”
What’s the one piece of advice you’d give to other entrepreneurs just starting out: “Your startup’s success relies solely on your ability to get other people excited about it. Know your strengths and weaknesses, and find co-founders to fill your gaps.”
Editor’s note: GeekWire is featuring each of the companies participating in the 9Mile Labs incubator spring cohort.  







GeekWire Newsletters

Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline




Email address

Subscribe







GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily
                                    




GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday
                                    




GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly
                                    




GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor
                                    




GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes
                                    




GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly
                                    




GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday
                                    




GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers
                                    







Send Us a Tip
Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know.

Send Us a Tip






See MoreGeekWire Events 
 
 




Related Stories
 


 
Why this Seattle startup moved to rural South Dakota — and what happened next




 


 
GeekWire Calendar Picks: Seattle GiveCamp codes for nonprofits; Ignite Seattle celebrates 10 years; Milestone9




 


 
GeekWire Calendar Picks: Windows Weekly in Redmond, YPOS 5th Anniversary, Polar Science Weekend and more




 


 
Microsoft M&A exec Bob Kelly: Here’s the ‘dirty secret’ about Silicon Valley, and why Seattle startups have an advantage







Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline




Email address

Subscribe







GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily
                




GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday
                




GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly
                




GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor
                




GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes
                




GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly
                




GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday
                




GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers
                







Comments












Most Popular on GeekWire


Convoy raises $62M from Bill Gates and other luminaries to transform trucking industry with technologySingle in Seattle? The League brings its exclusive ‘dating app for power couples’ to the NorthwestHealth Tech Podcast: How one woman built her own artificial pancreas and started a DIY movementMicrosoft unveils Azure Container Instances, joins Cloud Native group, isolating AWS on Kubernetes 






Job Listings on GeekWork




Senior Data EngineerRedfinSr. Software Development Engineer – BackendOfferUpSecurity Software EngineerOfferUp 





Software Development Manager – BackendOfferUpInside Sales RepresentativeExtraHop NetworksSr. Director of Industry PartnershipsRealSelf 



Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here.





























 














Camp Native Jobs - AngelList



























































Camp Native


Product
Jobs
Team
Investors







Applied





Apply Now







Which position are you applying for?



Full-Stack JavaScript Engineer

Get Paid to Camp

Lead Conversion Specialist




Add a message to Camp Native



Apply










Share

















Jobs at Camp Native
Hotels.com for campgrounds, RV parks, cabins, and lodges






Camp Native is the best place for finding and reserving accommodations for your next outdoor adventure. Whether you're looking for a remote tent site, an RV Park resort, a cabin in the woods, or an upscale lodge, we've got you covered.


Read More




Camp Native is the best place for finding and reserving accommodations for your next outdoor adventure. Whether you're looking for a remote tent site, an RV Park resort, a cabin in the woods, or an upscale lodge, we've got you covered.
Mission:
To be the most comprehensive marketplace for people to list, discover, and reserve accommodations in an outdoors setting.
We Value:
Time Management
Work/Life Balance
Outdoor Adventure Sports
We Don’t:
Take ourselves too seriously
Buy into negativity
Work within bureaucracy
We Are:
Risk taking adventurers
Curious explorers
Respectful of the environment
We Are Camp Native.













Applied





Apply Now







Which position are you applying for?



Full-Stack JavaScript Engineer

Get Paid to Camp

Lead Conversion Specialist




Add a message to Camp Native



Apply






















What We're Building




Camp Native is a trusted marketplace for campgrounds/cabins/lodges and campers to list, discover, and reserve the perfect campsite. Camp Native connects people to the best camping experiences, whether car camping for a night, paddling along a shoreline, traveling the country in an RV, or backpacking in the mountains. Camp Native users can track their camping memories and plan trips with friends, sharing reviews and photos of their favorite campsites.
CUSTOMER PROBLEM
Campgrounds, cabins, lodges, and other outdoor properties are hard to find and difficult to reserve. Only 65% are online, only 10% are mobile-friendly, and only 23% offer online reservations, but more than 70% of campers want to reserve online. Campers use maps to find properties near an activity, then must call for a reservation. Because of these barriers, most properties are heavily under-utilized.







Hiring in Spearfish






11-50 Employees






$1.3M Seed in 2015...





Marketplaces, Online Reservations, Outdoors, Online Marketplaces



@campnative



https://blog.campnative.com/



campnative.com



















Camp Native

List, discover, and reserve the perfect campsite online











Add testimonials, product launches, and photos that highlight your company


Add Highlight










Jobs at Camp Native




Software Engineering Jobs





Full-Stack JavaScript Engineer

Spearfish
·
Full Time


·

$72K
–
$78K
·
0.5%
–
1.0%








Applied





Apply







Add a message to Camp Native



Apply

















Marketing Jobs





Get Paid to Camp

Spearfish
·
Contract


·

$18K
–
$36K
·
No Equity








Applied





Apply







Add a message to Camp Native



Apply

















Sales Jobs





Lead Conversion Specialist

Spearfish
·
Full Time


·

$30K
–
$100K
·
No Equity








Applied





Apply







Add a message to Camp Native



Apply






















Camp Native Team








David Woodbury
,


Founded Edge Media and sold to Z Wireless, Founded Linked Cause, Founded Camp Native, Founded Rev7.








Chris Rimple
,


I've designed and built products that generated hundreds of millions of dollars in annual revenue. See http://www.linkedin.com/in/chrisrimple for details.








Mitchell Hymowitz
,


CFO








Brent Rangen
,


I wondered why the Frisbee was getting bigger, and then it hit me.













Camp Native Investors








John Sechrest
,


Expanding the Startup Ecosystem. Lean Startup Seattle , Seattle Angel Conf, Global Facilitator for Startup Weekend, Past Oregon Angel Fund participant








Alliance of Angels


Invested in

@ILLUMAGEAR



@Docusign



@FlowVella



@Blokable


and 104 more









Seattle Angel Conference


Invested in

@ILLUMAGEAR



@Exo Labs



@Sqoop



@Tenacity


and 7 more









Sharad Agarwal
,


I'm active in tech & angel investing in the Seattle region. Previously assistant fund manager with Seattle Angel Conference. 12+ years at Microsoft Research.








Elmspring Accelerator


Invested in

@Realync



@Camp Native



@College Annex



@Abode


and 2 more









Chad Gibson
,


Angel investor; I love Seattle & Chicago!








See More










People also viewed





Triggr Health
Chicago





AngelList
San Francisco, New York City





Hipcamp
San Francisco





Abstract
San Francisco, Greenville





Polly
Seattle





Powderhook
Lincoln





RootsRated Media
Chattanooga





Somewear Labs
San Francisco





goFlow
Los Angeles









Camp Native is one of 24,381 startups hiring on AngelList





Browse All Startup Jobs
Post a Job



Help
·
Terms
·
Problem?
Report this company



















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Camp Native, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 7:00 AM ET
Internet Software and Services

Company Overview of Camp Native, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Camp Native, Inc. is an online marketplace for campgrounds and campers that enables them to list, discover, and reserve the campsite. The company was incorporated in 2015 and is based in Burien, Washington.


14405 25th Avenue SWBurien, WA 98166United StatesFounded in 2015



Phone: 206.679.3947

campnative.com







Key Executives for Camp Native, Inc.


Camp Native, Inc. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States .Club Domains LLC United States .Comdaq Corporation United States .Kache Media Management LLC United States @Court United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      March 2, 2017
			    
--



Private Placement

			      November 17, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Camp Native, Inc., please visit campnative.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Mitchell Hymowitz - Founder at Camp Native, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Mitchell Hymowitz
Founder at Camp Native, Inc.



Overview
Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Non-Profit Donations & Grants Transactions 


Mitchell Hymowitz
Founder at Camp Native, Inc.



 Overview



Notable Companies


appAttach, Inc.

Modumetal, Inc.

Array Health Solutions, Inc.




Board Seats



2





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 124 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




David Woodbury

Founder at Camp Native, Inc.




Brian Martell

Founder at Camp Native, Inc.





Christoper Rimple

Secretary at Camp Native, Inc.




Scilla Andreen

Co-Founder at IndieFlix, Inc.





Mark Callaghan

Chief Executive Officer at Blue Sky Cleaners




Max Clough

Principal, Northwest at OneAccord LLC





Brian Rauschenbach

Co-Founder at Add3 LLC




Rob Holmes

Vice President, Strategic Planning & Development at NBCUniversal Media LLC





Julie Anne Johnston

Former Vice President-OTC Merchandising at drugstore.com LLC




Frank E. Young

Adjunct Partner at Essex Woodlands Health Ventures, Inc.







See 114 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 114 More 


 


 Paths to Mitchell Hymowitz



            Mitchell Hymowitz          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Mitchell Hymowitz






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Mitchell Hymowitz.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



Graduate 


Rutgers University

                  Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey, is a leading national research university and the state’s preeminent, comprehensive public institution of higher education. Rutgers is dedicated to teaching that meets the highest standards of excellence; to conducting research that breaks new ground; and to providing services, solutions, and clinical care that help individuals and the local, national, and global communities where they live.

Founded in 1766, Rutgers teaches across the full educational spectrum: preschool to precollege; undergraduate to graduate; postdoctoral fellowships to residencies; and continuing education for professional and personal advancement.                




Graduate 


New York University

                  Founded in 1831, New York University is now one of the largest private universities in the United States. Of the more than 3,000 colleges and universities in America, New York University is one of only 60 member institutions of the distinguished Association of American Universities.

From a student body of 158 during NYU's very first semester, enrollment has grown to more than 40,000 students attending 18 schools and colleges at five major centers in Manhattan and in sites in Africa, Asia, Europe, and South America. Today, students come from every state in the union and from 133 foreign countries. The faculty, which initially consisted of fourteen professors and lecturers (among them artist and inventor Samuel F. B. Morse), now totals over 3,100 full-time members whose research and teaching encompasses the humanities, the sciences, and the social sciences; the law; medicine; business; education; the fine arts, studio art, and the performing and cinematic arts; music; social work; public administration; the ancient world; and continuing and professional studies. With more than 2,500 courses offered, the University awards more than 25 different degrees.  Although overall the University is large, the individuals schools and colleges are small- to moderate-sized units—each with its own traditions, programs, and faculty – and there are many communities to be found within the NYU community based on interests, activities, and shared experiences.

The center of NYU is its Washington Square campus in the heart of Greenwich Village. One of the city's most creative and energetic communities, the Village is a historic neighborhood that has attracted generations of writers, musicians, artists, and intellectuals. NYU, in keeping with its founder’s vision, is “in and of the city”: the University – which has no walls and no gates – is deeply intertwined with New York City, drawing inspiration from its vitality.

In addition to its Manhattan locations, the University is also formally affiliated the Polytechnic Institute of NYU in Brooklyn, the second oldest school of engineering and technology in the country, and has research facilities, notably the Nelson Institute of Environmental Medicine,  in Sterling Forest, near Tuxedo, New York.

And NYU has established itself as the first global network university, with a comprehensive liberal arts campus in Abu Dhabi – the first to be operated abroad by a major U.S. research university – and other sites for study and research in Accra, Ghana; Berlin, Germany; Buenos Aires, Argentina; Florence, Italy; London, England; Madrid, Spain; Paris, France; Prague, the Czech Republic; Shanghai, China; and Tel Aviv, Israel, among other locations.                





 Career History



Founder

                                    Current                


Camp Native, Inc.






Executive Officer

                                    Tenure Unconfirmed                


Guide-Link, Inc.






Chief Financial Officer

                                    Prior - 2015                


appAttach, Inc.


                  appAttach, Inc. develops application and analytics platform. It offers access top app developers, increase revenue, gain actionable insights and enjoy consolidated payments. The company was founded  by James DePoy in 2010 and is headquartered in Kirkland, WA.                




Managing Member

                                    1992 - Prior                


CFO Services LLC


                  CFO Services LLC, part of GrowthFinance LLC, is an American company located in Durham, NC. The firm provides financial management consulting services. It was founded by Mitchell Hymowitz. GrowthFinance LLC acquired CFO Services LLC on 16 Jul 07.                




Chief Financial Officer

                                    Prior                


Modumetal, Inc.


                  Modumetal, Inc. manufactures nanolaminated metals with applications across a range of industries including energy, aerospace, automotive, and construction. Its products include corrosion resistant, structural, thermal barrier, and custom alloys. The company was founded by Christina Ann Lomasney and John David Whitaker in 2006 and is headquartered in Seattle, WA.                




Chief Financial Officer

                                    Prior                


Array Health Solutions, Inc.


                  Array Health Solutions, Inc. provides private health insurance exchange technology solutions. The company was founded by Jonathan Rickert and Daniel Wolf in 2006 and is headquartered in Seattle, WA.                




Chief Financial Officer

                                    Prior                


Earth Class Mail, Inc.


                  Earth Class Mail, Inc. provides online postal mail services. It offers virtual mailroom solutions to manage postal mails, such as nationwide address network, receiving item, intra-account transfer, open and scan content, electronic check deposit, shipping, storage, send to bill.com, shred and recycle, in-store pickup, registered agent, unlimited user, envelope image, document scanning, digital mail, live support, and special solutions. The firm provides online logistics services, including postal mail management, mail and parcel forwarding, and fulfillment and logistics management services. The company was founded by Ron Wiener and Michael Miles in 2006 and is headquartered in Beaverton, OR.                




Chief Financial Officer & Vice President

                                    Prior                


Olympic Broadcasting Corp.


                  Olympic Broadcasting Corp. is a private company headquartered in the United States with domestic subsidiaries. The firm operates radio stations.                




Consultant

                                    Prior                


Ultreo, Inc.


                  Ultreo, Inc. manufactures ultrasound toothbrushes which combines groundbreaking ultrasound waveguide technology with tuned bristle action. The company was co-founded by Dr. Pierre Mourad, Jack Gallagher & John Tubbs in 2003 and is headquartered in Redmond, WA.                




Consultant

                                    Prior                


Light Sciences Corp.


                  Light Sciences Corp. was manufactured biopharmaceuticals and biotherapeutics products. The company was founded in 1995 and was headquartered in Snoqualmie, WA.                




Analyst-Corporate Planning

                                    Prior                


American Broadcasting Cos., Inc.


                  The American Broadcasting Company (ABC) is an American media company that owns a commercial broadcast television network, a number of specialty channels, and various independent production and distribution companies. Throughout its history and to support its financial operations, ABC has diversified into the press, the publishing industry, the operation of theaters, and filmmaking. Many of the company's assets in these fields have been sold to other companies, and since 2007, when ABC Radio was sold to Citadel Broadcasting, ABC has reduced its operations almost exclusively to television.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Member, Business Advisory Board

                    Current                  


IndieFlix, Inc.

                    Founded by filmmakers, IndieFlix is part champion, part curator. Filmmakers dedicate themselves to making movies and they deserve a cut—and that’s exactly what they get. Through their unique revenue-sharing Royalty Pool Minutes (RPM) model, filmmakers get paid for every minute watched by an IndieFlix subscriber. The more you watch, the more money they make. And more money = more movies.                  




Director

                    2010 - Prior                  


Light Sciences Oncology, Inc.

                    Light Sciences Oncology, Inc. operates as a pharmaceutical company. It develops Aptocine for the treatment of solid tumors as well as other indications such as benign prostatic hyperplasia. The company was founded in 1994 and is headquartered in Bellevue, WA.                  





 Non-Profit Donations & Grants



$100 - $499

                  2011
                


The Army War College Foundation, Inc.


                  THE FOUNDATION ENGAGES IN CHARITABLE AND EDUCATIONAL ENDEAVORS SOLELY FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE U.S. ARMY WAR COLLEGE AND ITS RESPECTIVE PURPOSES, PROGRAMS, AND GRADUATES. THE FOUNDATION SUPPORT PROVIDES THE MARGIN OF EXCELLENCE THAT ENABLES THE COLLEGE TO BETTER EDUCATE AND DEVELOP LEADERS FOR SERVICE AT THE STRATEGIC LEVEL WHILE ADVANCING KNOWLEDGE IN THE GLOBAL APPLICATION OF LANDPOWER.                





 Transactions



 Details Hidden



                  Camp Native, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Camp Native, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Camp Native, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  appAttach, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Guide-Link, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  






See 1 more listing with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 1 More 






 Other Affiliations




              Mitchell Hymowitz is affiliated with
                            Camp Native, Inc., Guide-Link, Inc., appAttach, Inc., CFO Services LLC, Modumetal, Inc., Array Health Solutions, Inc., Earth Class Mail, Inc., Olympic Broadcasting Corp., Ultreo, Inc., Light Sciences Corp., American Broadcasting Cos., Inc., IndieFlix, Inc., Light Sciences Oncology, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















	Camp Native Company Profile | VentureDeal






























Subscribe|Contact Us|



homeoverviewfree trialsubscribeservicesuse casesapi feedsreportsfaq


Company Profiles








DOWNLOAD RECORD  
            vCard |
            CSV |
            PDF


















Company Name
 
Camp Native


Company Status
 
Private & Independent


Industry
 
Internet & IoT


Mailing Address
 

14405 25th Avenue SW 
Burien, WA 98166
USA  Map



Phone
 
206.679.3947


Website
 
www.campnative.com


Company Description
 
Camp Native is the best place for finding and reserving accommodations for your next outdoor adventure. Whether you're looking for a remote tent site, an RV Park resort, a cabin in the woods, or an upscale lodge, we've got you covered.


Profile
 



Social Media
 



Company News
 



Facebook
 



YouTube
 



Funding History
 
Company Transaction List







Company Management











Title
Name
Email
Social


 
 
 


Chief Executive Officer
Woodbury, David




Chief Marketing Officer
Martell, Brian




Chief Financial Officer
Hymowitz, Mitchell




Chief Technical Officer
Rimple, Chris







Investors
Undisclosed
















Free Trial
Want unlimited access to the complete database with thousands of technology companies, VCs and transactions for only $25 per month?
Start your Free 14 Day Trial now – no obligation or credit card required.











About VentureDeal
Founded in 2006, VentureDeal is a database that provides the latest information about venture capital firms, venture-backed technology companies and transactions throughout North America.
Learn More »


Home
Overview
Service Firms
Tech Entrepreneurs
Venture Investors


Services
Subscribe
Use Cases



FAQ
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Contact
Login




© VentureDeal, Inc., Menlo Park, CA. All Rights Reserved.












