

Cansurround

























CanSurround General Privacy Policy
CanSurround, PBC provides a website(s) and software applications (collectively, the "General Website") for your use. The General Website provides a User portal to CanSurround’s integrated services to support the reduction of psychosocial distress in the cancer experience for both patients and those caring for patients (collectively, “Services”). This CanSurround Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") applies to any information about you that CanSurround and its Services collect. In addition, there is a separate Health Information Privacy Notice that applies specifically to any Health Information about you during use of the Services.
This Privacy Policy, collectively with all applicable Terms of Use agreements, the Health Information Privacy Notice and all other applicable rules and policies constitute the "Agreement" between you and CanSurround ("we, or "us") for your access to and use of the General Website and the Services. All capitalized terms used in this Privacy Policy that are not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning given to them in the applicable terms of use or agreements.
Purpose
This Privacy Policy identifies and describes the way CanSurround uses and protects the information we collect about our customers and Users of our General Website and the Services ("Personal Information"). All uses of CanSurround’s Website and Services are subject to this Privacy Policy. Health Information is also subject to the Health Information Privacy Notice.
The Information We Collect, How We Collect It, And How We Use It.
We may collect different types of personal and other information based on your use of our General Website and the Services and our business relationship with you. 
Personal Information may include:
· Contact Information that allows us to communicate with you -- including your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
· Equipment, Performance, CanSurround General Website Usage, Viewing and other Technical Information about your use of our network, services, products or websites;
· Health Information. The uses of your Health Information are discussed in the Health Information Privacy Notice.
We collect information in three primary ways:
· You give it to us;
· We collect it automatically when you visit the General Website and use the Services;
· We obtain it from other sources, such as other users you invite to use the Services.
We may use the information we collect in a variety of ways, including to:
· Provide you with the best customer experience possible;
· Provide the services you use, and to respond to your questions;
· Communicate with you regarding service updates, offers, and promotions as permitted;
· Deliver customized content and advertising that may be of interest to you as permitted;
· Address network integrity and security issues;
· Investigate, prevent or take action regarding, for example, illegal activities and violations of our terms of use;
· Improve our level of service;
· Provide notifications on the latest site features; and
· For Health Information, other uses described in the Health Information Privacy Notice.
Online Activity Tracking
We collect information about your activity on the General Website and use of the Services for a number of purposes using technologies such as cookies, Flash cookies, Web beacons, widgets and server log files. To limit the use of Flash cookies from our General Website or the Services, simply right-click on our site and adjust the Adobe Flash Player settings bar under "Local Storage" to your desired setting. Since cookies are now used as industry standard, most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to decline them. If you prefer not to enable cookies, you may choose to disable them; however, please note that certain features of our products and services will not be available to you once cookies are disabled.
We may market products and services to you on the General Website or the Services, as permitted by law and our policies. Our non-affiliated third party partners may use that information, as well as other information they or we may have, to help tailor the ads you see on our sites to you and to help make decisions about treatment options and other products. We will obtain your permission as necessary.
We may use your IP address and information about the site pages you visit to gather broad demographic information, as well as information about your interests and behaviors, to gain a better understanding of our customers and Users. For example, information may be used to analyze and improve our site design and functionality.
Information Sharing
We do not sell your Personal Information or Health Information to anyone for direct marketing purposes without your consent. Period.
Sharing With CanSurround Affiliates: Subject to applicable legal and our policy restrictions, CanSurround and its corporate affiliates may share your Personal Information among themselves to make sure your experience with our products and services is as seamless as possible and you have the full benefit of what CanSurround has to offer.
Sharing With Non-Affiliate Third Parties: Subject to applicable legal and our policy restrictions, we may share your Personal Information only with non-affiliate third parties that perform services on your or our behalf, and only as necessary for them to perform those services. such as to perform related services, including without limitation, maintenance services, database management, fulfillment, web analytics, and improvement of the features or functionality; or to assist us in analyzing how our products and services are being used. We require those non-affiliate third parties to protect any Personal Information they may receive in a manner consistent with our policies.
In Other Circumstances: We may provide Personal Information to non-affiliate third parties for purposes such as:
· Complying with court orders, requests by government agencies and law enforcement officials and other legal process, or exercising our legal rights to defend against legal claims;
· Enforcing our terms of use, agreements and rights;
· Obtaining payment for products and services, including the transfer or sale of delinquent accounts to third parties for collection; and
· Transferring business assets, such as in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy.
· Other purposes described in the Health Information Privacy Notice for Health Information.
Please note that if you use any bulletin board, chat room, comment posting feature, or other public communication service, forum, or feature offered through CanSurround, or post any information available for viewing by other Users, any of the information that you share will be visible to other Users. The information that you make available can be read, used, and collected by other Users to send you unsolicited messages outside of CanSurround products and services. CanSurround is not responsible for the manner in which the Personal Information or Health Information that you decide to share will be used by other Users.
Anonymous & Aggregate Information
We collect some information on an anonymous basis. We also may anonymize the Personal Information and Health Information we collect about you.
We obtain aggregate data by combining anonymous data that meet certain criteria into groups. When we employ non-affiliate third parties to anonymize or aggregate data on our behalf, as stated above, we require those non-affiliate third parties to protect any Personal Information and Health Information they may receive in a manner consistent with this policy. We may share aggregate or anonymous information in various formats with trusted third parties, and may work with those entities to do research and provide products and services, as permitted by laws and our policies.
Our Online Privacy Policy for Children
Our products and services are not designed to attract children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifying information from anyone under the age of 13 unless we first obtain permission from that child's parent or legal guardian.
Safeguarding Your Information: Our Policy on Data Protection and Security
We maintain information about you in our business records while you are a customer or User, or until it is no longer needed for business, tax, or legal purposes. We have implemented encryption or other appropriate security controls to protect Personal Information when stored or transmitted by CanSurround. Your information may be transferred to and maintained on computers and servers located outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, CanSurround transfers Personal Information and Health Information to the United States and processes it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
How Can You Control Your Personal Information?
We believe that choice in how and when you are contacted is key to customer satisfaction, so we offer several ways for you to update your contact information, change your preferences, or opt out of receiving future communications:
If you have an online account on our General Website and the Services, you may be able to log on and update or change your contact or account information. Check the site for further information.
You may unsubscribe to any of our online e-mail updates by following the unsubscribe instructions in the body of any e-mail message.
You may write to us directly if you wish to: (a) update or delete your contact information; (b) ask that we not share your Personal Information with third parties; or (c) request that we cease sending you promotional or other information via mail or e-mail. Such written requests should be sent to Chief Privacy Officer, CanSurround Attn: Legal, 233 N. King St. Wilmington DE, 19801. In those instances, we will retain your information in a "do not promote" file in our database. You may also contact us at legal@CanSurround.com for any inquiry or request regarding our Privacy Policy or the handling of your Personal Information and Health Information.
We will take commercially reasonable steps to implement your opt-out requests promptly, but you may still receive promotional information, as permitted by law and our policies, from us by mail for up to 60 days due to printing and mailing schedules, and up to 10 days for e-mail.
Third Parties and Links
In the event that you provide Personal Information to any third party via any CanSurround website or any offer made available to you by CanSurround, you understand that CanSurround is not responsible for such third parties' use or misuse of your Personal Information. You should review the privacy and information sharing practices of such third parties. Additionally, CanSurround may offer links to or from the General Website and Services it controls to other sites among CanSurround affiliates as well as to sites operated by third parties, as permitted by law and our policies, so that you can conveniently visit our vendors and advertisers or locate other content likely to be of interest. We are not responsible for the content, practices or policies of sites operated by third parties and urge you to inquire about them before providing any personally identifiable information. You further acknowledge and agree that CanSurround shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.
Consent and Acceptance of Privacy Policy
By using CanSurround products and services, including the Services and its websites, you signify your agreement to this Privacy Policy. CanSurround reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. All matters relating to this Privacy Policy, the Agreement, and the CanSurround websites are governed by the laws of the State of Delaware in the United States irrespective of its conflicts of law provisions. Lawsuits against CanSurround must be brought in federal or state court in Delaware. CanSurround will use, share, and disclose all Personal Information and Health Information and other User information in accordance with the Privacy Policy in effect at the time the information is collected. Please review the Privacy Policy published on CanSurround websites regularly so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it. Continued use of a CanSurround product or service, including its websites, following changes to the Privacy Policy will mean that you accept the changes.
California Privacy Rights/Other State Laws
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 entitles California customers and Users to request information concerning whether a business has disclosed Personal Information to any third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. California customers or Users who wish to request further information about our compliance with this law or have questions or concerns about our privacy practices and policies may contact us at legal@CanSurround.com or write us at CanSurround, Attention: Legal, 233 N King St. Suite 100, Wilmington De, 19801.
Effective Date: November 2014






















CanSurround | Psychosocial Support 











































CanSurround | Psychosocial Support 









































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Cansurround

























CanSurround Terms & Conditions of Use (“Terms of Use”)
(Last revised: December 1, 2014)
Welcome to CanSurround’s mobile and Web-based platform that provides integrated services to support the reduction of psychosocial distress in the cancer experience for both patients and those caring for patients (collectively, “Services”). The Services are available through this website (“Website”) as well as through a mobile browser on a phone or tablet (“Mobile Site” and together with the “Website” collectively, the “Site”). The Site and the Services are accessible by Patients (defined below) and Caregivers or Supporters (defined below).
CanSurround, PBC (“CanSurround,” “we,” or “us”) owns and operates the Site. These Terms of Use apply to the Services provided through the Site by CanSurround and CanSurround’s vendors and partners. 
Please read the following carefully. This is a legally binding agreement between you as a User (as defined below) and CanSurround. These Terms of Use together with all amendments, addenda, and licenses, and collectively with all CanSurround’s rules and policies, including the CanSurround Privacy Notice, constitute the “Agreement” between you and us for your access to and use of the Services and the Site. By accessing or using the Services (including the Website and the Mobile Site) you signify that you have read the Agreement and that you understand and agree to be bound by the Agreement. If you are accessing or using the Services on behalf of any business, organization, or other entity of any kind, you represent and warrant that you are authorized (a) to accept these terms on its behalf and (b) to bind such business, organization, or entity to the Agreement. 
If you have not read the Agreement, do not understand or agree to be bound by the Agreement, or are not able to consent to be bound by the Agreement (e.g., if you are not old enough to enter into a binding legal contract), do not use the Services.
PLEASE BE AWARE THAT THE SERVICES (INCLUDING THE WEBSITE AND THE MOBILE SITE) ARE NOT TO BE USED FOR EMERGENCIES AND WE DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY FOR USE OF SERVICES IN CONNECTION WITH EMERGENCIES. IF YOU ARE A PATIENT, PLEASE GO TO YOUR NEAREST HOSPITAL IN THE EVENT OF AN EMERGENCY. 
Definitions 

      The term “Services” includes (1) all of the features and functionality of both the Mobile Site and the Website (referred to collectively as the “Site”), (2) all of the content accessible through the Mobile Site and Website (i.e., everything on the Site, whether accessible online wirelessly or electronically or offline after, e.g., downloading and printing), and (3) all Services provided by or otherwise made available to you through the Site.

      The term “User” refers to you as a Site user, regardless of the means by which you access the Services. As a user, you may be (1) a patient (”Patient”) or (2) another individual who is a caregiver or supporter of a patient (each, a “Caregiver” or “Supporter” and together with a Patient, each a “User”). 
The term “Personal Information” refers to any User information collected or available through the Site.

Purpose of the Services

      The Site provides different Services to different Users, and not all Services will necessarily be used by or for every User.

Scope of these Terms of Use

      We maintain the Site for your personal use. By using the Site, or by bypassing the Agreement or these Terms of Use in any way (for example, by linking to a page within this Site), you are entering into an agreement with us to be bound by the then-current version of the Agreement, including these Terms of Use. You are also bound by all applicable laws. The Agreement is the entire agreement between you and us relating to your use of the Site. We have the right to revise the Agreement at any time, including for example any rules or postings on the Site related to using specific features of the Site (such as how to establish an account), and such revisions shall be effective when we post them on the Site.

Representations and Warranties
If you are a Patient, you represent and warrant that:
(1) You are acting on behalf of yourself personally and that you will use Site solely for management of your cancer-related distress;
(2) You will input accurate information about yourself. If you discover any inaccurate information in the Site regarding you or your condition, you agree to take all reasonable steps necessary to correct such inaccurate information;
(3) You understand that a Supporter, invited by you, may use the Site for your support and may have access to information you enter on the Site and choose to share and you have read the representations and warranties for a Supporter in the section below;
(4) Clinical treatment and medications prescribed by your healthcare provider and the coverage under your health plan shall be determined independent of, and without input from, the Site;
(5) The Site is designed to help you manage your psychosocial distress associated with your medical condition, but you are ultimately responsible for your own treatment and care. The content provided by the Site does not constitute medical advice or a substitute for seeing your provider responsible for your treatment and care of your condition; The site is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment of depression, anxiety, PTSD or any other medical condition. Always seek the advice of your psychologist, psychiatrist or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on the CanSurround website.
(6) If you experience any serious problem or need immediate medical assistance, you shall immediately call your healthcare provider or 911 for emergency help; and
(7) You consent to our communicating with you through email sent to the email address you provide when you register or by SMS sent to the mobile number you provide when you register, provided that we shall not be responsible for the cost of Internet, mobile, wireless, and other communications services necessary for you to receive such email or SMS messaging. 
If you are a Caregiver or Supporter, you represent and warrant that:
(1) You are a Caregiver, family member, friend, or co-worker of, and have registered on the site or been invited by a Patient or Caregiver to use the Site; 
(2) The Site is designed to help you support the Patient for whom you are caring or who invited you and manage your psychosocial distress associated with your loved one’s, co-worker’s or friend’s medical condition, but you are ultimately responsible for your own treatment and care. The content provided by the Site does not constitute medical advice or a substitute for seeing your provider responsible for your treatment and care if warranted; 
(3) If you are a Caregiver, you understand that a Supporter, invited by you, may use the Site for your support and may have access to information you enter on the Site and choose to share and you have read the representations and warranties for a Supporter in the section below;
(3) If you experience any serious problem or need immediate medical assistance, you shall immediately call your healthcare provider or 911 for emergency help; and
(4) You consent to our communicating with you through email sent to the email address you provide when you register or by SMS sent to the mobile number you provide when you register, provided that we shall not be responsible for the cost of Internet, mobile, wireless, and other communications services necessary for you to receive such email or SMS messaging. 
License Grant

      Subject to the terms of the Agreement and until the Agreement is terminated as provided below, CanSurround grants you a limited, non-transferable, non-assignable, non-sublicensable, non-exclusive, personal, and revocable license (a) to access the Site and Services on your authorized and compatible device; (b) to access and use the Site and the Services as described in these Terms of Use, and (c) to print from the Site for your personal use only. No license is granted to any third party and you have no right to make available to anyone access to the Site or the Services, other than Supporters that you invite to use the Services and the Site. You have no right or license to use the Site or Services for the benefit of another, except if you are a Supporter using the Site for the benefit of a Patient or Caregiver.
If you are using the Mobile Site, the license granted in this Section is further conditioned on your compliance with the applicable terms and conditions of the platform through which you obtained the Mobile Site, as the operator of such platform may modify from time to time. For example, if you are accessing the Mobile Site through an Apple® iOS device, the license granted under this Section is further conditioned on your compliance with the applicable terms and conditions, including the “Usage Rules,” set forth in the Apple App Store Terms and Conditions, as Apple may modify from time to time. If you are accessing the Mobile Site through an Android device, the license granted under this Section is further conditioned on your compliance with the applicable terms and conditions set forth in the Google Play Terms of Service, as Google may modify from time to time. In the event of any conflict between this Agreement and any applicable platform terms and conditions, this Agreement shall govern to the extent of such conflict.

Product and Service

      Reference to any product or service on the Site does not constitute an offer to sell or supply that product or service and does not mean that the product or service is available. PRICES AND AVAILABILITY OF THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES IDENTIFIED ON THE SITE ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE. The listing, description of, or reference to a product or service on the Site does not imply that we endorse that product or service or that the owner of such product or service endorses the Site or CanSurround.

Ownership of Materials and Use Restrictions

      CanSurround is, unless otherwise stated, the owner of all copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, database and other proprietary rights to the Site; provided that certain content is being provided pursuant to a license agreement from Byron Katie International, Inc. Without limitation of the foregoing, we assert ownership of a copyright in the entire CanSurround Services, including without limitation, the Site, as a collective work and/or compilation, and in the selection, co-ordination and arrangement of the information and content in the Site. You may not publish, distribute, extract, re-utilize, or reproduce any part of the Site in any material form (including photocopying or storing it in any medium by electronic means) other than in accordance with the limited use license set out in these Terms of Use or as permitted by the United States Copyright Act. We grant no rights to you except as expressly provided in these Terms of Use. Notwithstanding the foregoing, CanSurround does not own the original Personal Information or any other information that Users input into the Site.

      Except as expressly permitted in these Terms of Use, you may not modify or copy in any way any content you obtain from the Site; distribute or transmit such content to any third party for commercial purposes; frame, scrape, or otherwise display any of the content on the Site on your own or any other website; use such content in any way that is competitive with CanSurround or that disparages CanSurround; mass distribute such content through electronic or other means; or make any unauthorized use of such content. Such modification, distribution, transmission, display, or use shall constitute a material breach of these Terms of Use and infringe CanSurround’s copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets, or other intellectual property rights owned by or licensed to CanSurround. You may not decompile, reverse engineer or reverse assemble any portion of the Site or the underlying software. If you download or print any content off of the Site, you agree to maintain any and all watermarks, labels, patent, copyright, and trademark notices and other notices or statements of proprietary rights appearing on such content and not to remove, obliterate or cancel from view any such watermarks, labels, notices or statements. CanSurround has no right or authority to authorize you to access, use, download, print, copy, modify, display, distribute, or transmit any content of any other website that you may access from the Site. 
You have no right or license to use the Site for the benefit of another in an external service bureau or time-sharing arrangement or otherwise with a user not licensed by CanSurround,. Under limited circumstances, the Site may permit you to create and upload text, information and content. You represent and warrant that you have the legal right to such text, information and content and that none of the text, information and content violates the copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret and/or other intellectual property of any other party. CanSurround reserves the right to remove any text, information or content uploaded by you that it determines infringes on any third party’s copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, or other intellectual property rights, or that CanSurround otherwise determines is inappropriate. 
In connection with your access to and use of the Site, you may not access or use any password-protected, secure, or non-public areas of the Site, except as specifically authorized in writing by CanSurround; impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity; use any automated means to access or use the Site, including scripts, bots, scrapers, data miners, or similar software; attempt to or actually disrupt, impair, interfere with, alter, or modify the Site, or any information, data, or materials posted or displayed by CanSurround; access data on the Site not intended for you; or attempt to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of the Site or breach any implemented security or authentication measures, regardless of your motives or intent.
The Site and related documentation are “Commercial Items,” as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. § 2.101, consisting of “Commercial Computer Software” and “Commercial Computer Software Documentation,” as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. § 12.212 or 48 C.F.R. § 227.7202, as applicable. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. § 12.212 or 48 C.F.R. § 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are being licensed to U.S. Government end users (a) only as Commercial Items and (b) with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein. Unpublished-rights are reserved under the copyright laws of the United States.

Links to or from the Site

      You may not create a link from your website or any other Internet location to the Site without the express written permission of CanSurround. If CanSurround grants you permission to link to the Site, CanSurround reserves the right to revoke such permission at any time. If such permission is revoked, you agree that your failure to sever such link immediately will cause CanSurround immediate and irreparable injury.

      Any links to other websites or Internet locations from the Site have been provided for your convenience only. CanSurround may at its discretion provide link-throughs to the websites of other entities with whom you may have relationships, such as a plan or provider. CanSurround does not endorse, sponsor, or approve any of the content of any websites or locations to which the Site links. CanSurround has no control over any of the websites or other Internet locations that you may access through the Site, or from which you access the Site, and is not responsible for the content or accuracy of the content of any such websites or locations. If you access any other website or Internet locations through the Site, you do so at your own risk.

Confidential Information

      Except for Personal Information, specific patient data that you may enter into your password-protected portion of the Site, and your mobile device's make, model, and screen resolution, CanSurround does not solicit nor do we wish to receive any personal, confidential, secret or proprietary information or other material from you, either whether through the Site, any of the Services, by e-mail, or in any other way. Unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing prior to your submission to us or as set forth in this Agreement or the Privacy Notices, any comments, feedback, information or other material submitted or sent to us will be deemed not to be confidential or secret. By submitting or sending comments, feedback, information or other material to us you represent and warrant that the information and material is original to you and that no other party has any rights to the information or material. We shall have the unrestricted, worldwide right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display any such information and material (in whole or part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology, now known or later developed. You also represent and warrant that any "moral rights" in posted information and materials have been waived. 


Please see CanSurround’s General Privacy Policy and Health Information Privacy Notice for more information on how CanSurround uses your Information.  
Trademarks

      All brand, product and service names used regarding the Site and CanSurround are the trademarks, trade names or service marks of CanSurround, unless otherwise stated. You may not use, reproduce, or distribute products or offer services under or by reference to any such trademarks, trade names or service marks, or use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing any such trademarks, trade names or service marks, without the express prior written permission of CanSurround or the owner of such trademarks, trade names or service marks.

Registration and Security

      By entering any information on the Site, you represent and warrant that: (i) you are at least 21 years of age; (ii) you are using your actual identity; (iii) you have provided only true, accurate, current and complete information; and (iv) you will maintain and promptly update the information that you provide to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. Additionally, you agree to maintain the strict confidentiality of your account and any passwords issued to you for your use of or access to the Site or any portion thereof, and you agree not to allow any other entity to use any username(s) or password(s) that are issued to you. You shall use best efforts to safeguard the device on which you access the Site so as to ensure no unauthorized party has access to the Site through your device. You shall be responsible for all activity that occurs under your account or password. We cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with these obligations. If you wish to cancel a username or password, or if you become aware of any loss, theft or unauthorized use of a username or password, please notify us immediately. We reserve the right to delete or change any username or password at any time and for any reason.

Modification of the Site and the Services

      We reserve complete and sole discretion with respect to the operation of the Site and the Services. We reserve the right, for any reason, in our sole discretion, to terminate, change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the Site, including, but not limited to, content, features or hours of availability. We may also impose limits on certain features of the Site or restrict your access to part or all of the Site without notice or penalty. We may suspend or terminate your account or your use of the Site at any time, for any reason or for no reason at all.

Use Outside United States

      CanSurround makes no representation or warranty that the content of the Site is appropriate, lawful, or available for use in countries other than the United States. If you use the Site, you are responsible for compliance with all applicable laws. 
You may not use or otherwise export or re-export the Site except as authorized by United States law and the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Site was obtained or accessed. By using the Site, you represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. government list of prohibited or restricted parties (e.g., the U.S. Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Person’s List or Entity List). You also agree that you will not use the Site for any purposes prohibited by United States law, including, without limitation, the development, design, manufacture or production of missiles or nuclear, chemical or biological weapons.

Disclaimer of Warranties and Liability

      THE SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, CANSURROUND DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ALL WARRANTIES ARISING BY COURSE OF DEALING OR CUSTOM OF TRADE. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND YOU ASSUME FULL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ALL COSTS, INCLUDING ALL COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH DATA CONNECTIONS AND NECESSARY SERVICING OR REPAIRS OF ANY EQUIPMENT YOU USE IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE SITE. NEITHER CANSURROUND NOR ANY OF ITS PARTNERS REPRESENTS OR WARRANTS THAT THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS, IF ANY, WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE SITE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, NOR DOES CANSURROUND OR ITS PARTNERS MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, CURRENCY, QUALITY, PERFORMANCE OR SUITABILITY OF THE SITE. IN THE EVENT OF ANY PROBLEM WITH THE SITE, YOU AGREE THAT YOUR SOLE REMEDY IS TO CEASE USING THE SITE.

      You acknowledge that data entry and conversion is subject to human and machine errors, omissions, delays, and losses, including inadvertent loss or corruption of data or damage to media, that may give rise to loss or damage. You agree CanSurround will not be liable for any such errors, omissions, delays, or losses, unless caused by CanSurround’s gross negligence or willful misconduct. You are responsible for adopting reasonable measures to limit the impact of such problems, including backing up data, and adopting procedures to ensure the accuracy of input data; examining and confirming results prior to use of data; and adopting procedures to identify and correct errors and omissions and reconstruct data. You are also responsible for complying with all local, state, and federal laws pertaining to the use and disclosure of any data.

      CanSurround expressly disclaims any responsibility or liability for, and you agree CanSurround will not be responsible or liable for: (A) Errors in data or data entry, whether caused by you or the hardware or communications medium used for data entry; (B) Errors in dating or filing data caused by you or the hardware or communications medium used for data entry; (C) Malfunction or loss of use of any hardware; (D) Loss or degradation of communications between you and the Site or a CanSurround service provider for any reason not within control of CanSurround; (E) Injury to anyone associated with use of any hardware used for data or voice communication with the Site or with CanSurround; (F) Failure by you to correct erroneous data or to comply with proper instructions; (G) Errors resulting from unauthorized access to the Site or associated data; and (H) Any damage or injury to anyone directly or indirectly resulting from use of or communication with the Site or CanSurround where the proximate cause of such damage or injury is not within the control of CanSurround.

Limitation of Liability

      TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE SOLE REMEDY FOR ANY CLAIM FOR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE SITE OR CANSURROUND, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE SITE, ANY SERVICE, OR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ACQUIRED THROUGH THE SITE SHALL BE LIMITED TO A REFUND OF ANY AMOUNT YOU PAID FOR SUCH PRODUCT OR SERVICE. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL CANSURROUND, OR ANY OF ITS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR REPRESENTATIVES, OR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, TRANSMITTING OR DISTRIBUTING THE SITE OR ANY PART THEREOF, BE LIABLE FOR ANY PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST OR CORRUPTED DATA OR LOST PROFITS OR OTHER ECONOMIC DAMAGES, ARISING FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE OR ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES MADE AVAILABLE OR LISTED ON IT, WHETHER UNDER A THEORY OF BREACH OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME STATES AND/OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN THE EVENT THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IS HELD TO BE UNENFORCEABLE FOR ANY REASON, THEN OUR MAXIMUM LIABILITY FOR ANY OF THE FOREGOING TYPES OF DAMAGES SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT THAT CANSURROUND RECEIVED FROM YOU FOR THE TRANSACTION THAT GAVE RISE TO THE CLAIM. THE LIMITATIONS IN THIS PROVISION SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF THE ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY.
Indemnification

      You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless CanSurround and its directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives from and against any and all third party claims, demands, lawsuits, damages, liabilities, losses, costs, or expenses (including but not limited to reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel and court costs), judgments, settlements, and penalties of every kind arising from: (i) use of the Site, or the Services, or any content or data provided in connection therewith, in violation of the Agreement by you or any of your partners, employees, agents or contractors; (ii) any claim that (a) the Site, as modified or altered by you or your partners, employees, agents or contractors, or (b) the use by CanSurround of any data submitted by you, infringes the patent, copyright or other intellectual property right, or misappropriates the trade secrets, of any third party; (iii) any inaccurate or incomplete data, or any virus, worm, spyware, back door, Trojan horse or other malicious code transmitted by you; (iv) any breach of the Agreement by you; and (v) any violation of applicable laws, rules or regulations by you.

Term and Termination

      Your obligations under the Agreement shall continue for as long as you access or use the Site or use or maintain any of the content of the Site or copies thereof. You may terminate your obligations at any time by discontinuing your use of the Site and Mobile Site and destroying all content obtained from the Site, and all copies thereof. However, your termination of the Agreement does not relieve you from liability resulting from your failure to comply with the obligations of the Agreement before such termination, and CanSurround reserves the right to enforce such pre-termination obligations before or after you terminate the Agreement. CanSurround reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to or use of the Site, including the Services, and any related services or any portion thereof at any time and for any reason, including, without limitation, breach of the Agreement.

Force Majeure

      Neither party to the Agreement shall be liable to the other under the Agreement or otherwise for performance that is prevented by a cause outside the control of the party, including without limitation, natural disaster, war, riot, labor disturbance, or failure of publicly available channels of communication.

Dispute Resolution

      All disputes seeking only monetary damages and arising out of or relating to the Agreement or CanSurround’s operation of the Site, except disputes involving infringement or ownership of intellectual property rights, shall be resolved by binding arbitration in Wilmington, Delaware, pursuant to the rules of the American Arbitration Association. All disputes seeking injunctions or other non-monetary remedies or involving infringement or ownership of intellectual property rights shall be resolved in the federal district court or applicable state court in Delaware, and you consent to personal jurisdiction and venue in such court.
You agree that any proceedings to resolve or litigate any dispute, whether through a court of law or arbitration, shall be solely conducted on an individual basis. You agree that you will not seek to have any dispute heard as a class action, representative action, collective action, private attorney general action, or similar action.

Applicable Law

      The Agreement is governed by and will be construed in accordance with the laws of the United States and the State of Delaware, without regard to conflicts of laws principles. 

Severability

      If any provision or part of a provision of the Agreement is contrary to law, the remaining part of the provision and the remaining provisions of the Agreement will remain in effect.

Operator Notices

      The Site is operated by CanSurround, Inc.

      All formal notices to us shall be sent to legal@CanSurround.com. 

      All notices to you shall be sent to the email address that you provide when you register. Any notice provided under the Agreement shall be deemed given one business day after the email is sent. If you do not register, or register with inaccurate information, you hereby waive any right to notice for any purpose related to the Agreement or the Site. Any action or claim against us must be brought within one year following the date on which the claim first accrued or shall be deemed forever waived.
Assignment
You may not assign, by operation of law or otherwise, any rights or delegate any duties under the Agreement to any third party without prior written consent by CanSurround. Any purported assignment lacking such consent will be void at its inception. CanSurround may assign all or part of its rights and/or delegate all or part of its duties under the Agreement to any party, at any time, and in its sole discretion, upon notice of assignment by posting such notice on the Site or through our Services. 
Non-waiver
CanSurround’s failure to enforce any right or provision in the Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.


























CanSurround, PBC - Other Health Care- Birkmeyer  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









CanSurround, PBC

      Industry: Other Health Care
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    1815 West 13 Th Street, Suite 5  
    Wilmington, DE, 19806Phone: 302-753-4334 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2017-03-15


New


$1,922,349


$1,922,349


Equity Only


06b


SEC link




	2016-10-21


New


$25,000


$25,000


Other


06b


SEC link




	2015-05-04


Amended


$845,000


$795,000


Other


06b


SEC link




	2014-04-14


New


$50,000


$50,000


Other


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Richard Birkmeyer 
 Director 


 Jon Brilliant 
 Director, Executive 


 Paul La Fontaine 
 Director 


 Margaret Maley 
 Director, Executive 


 William Maley 
 Executive 


 Meg Lynne Maley 
 Director, Executive 


 Bill Maley 
 Director, Executive 





















 







Cansurround

























HEALTH INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE
(Last revised: December 1, 2014)
THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW MEDICAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED BY CANSURROUND, AND HOW YOU CAN GET ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION. PLEASE REVIEW IT CAREFULLY. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Notice, terms used in this Privacy Notice have the same meanings as in the CanSurround Terms of Use.
By submitting information to us and by using CanSurround’s Services, CanSurround will assume that you have read, understood, and consent to this Notice, the CanSurround Terms of Use, and all applicable CanSurround rules and policies. We also assume that you consent to CanSurround’s use of information and data as described in this Notice and the CanSurround Terms of Use. If you do not consent, you should not access or use the Website or Mobile Site.
1. Purpose of this Notice. CanSurround offers the Services, a mobile and Web-based platform that provides integrated services to support the reduction of psychosocial distress in the cancer experience for both patients and those caring for patients. The Services are available on-line at the CanSurround Website (the “Website”), as well as through a mobile browser on a phone or tablet (the “Mobile Site” and together with the Website, the “Site”). Through the Site, CanSurround may maintain health information about you that includes your name and information about your condition and treatment that you choose to provide on the Site (“Health Information”). Such Health Information may be obtained from you when you register as well as from your authorized Supporter Users. As used herein a User may be (1) a patient (“Patient”) or (2) another individual who is a caregiver or supporter of a patient (each, a “Caregiver” or “Supporter” and together with a Patient, each a “User”).
CanSurround protects the confidentiality of your Health Information as set forth in this Notice. In addition, CanSurround has a General Privacy Policy that further describes how we protect personal information provided or collected on the CanSurround website, as well as personal information collected on the Site and such General Privacy Policy is hereby incorporated by reference. You can view the General Privacy Policy.
When you use the Site our servers automatically record information that the Site collects or that the Mobile Site sends from your device. The information automatically collected by the Website and sent by the Mobile Site is referred to as “Usage Data.” Usage Data may include information such as the manufacturer and model of your mobile device; your Internet Service Provider (ISP); your device’s Internet Protocol (IP) address (or other device identifier), browser type, and operating system; referring/exit pages; clickstream data; portions of the Website or Mobile Site you use, the time spent interacting with certain portions of the Website or Mobile Site, information you search for using the Website or Mobile Site, access times and dates; and other statistics. Usage Data may be non-identifying or it may be associated with you. Whenever we associate Usage Data with Health Information, we will treat it as Health Information.
This Notice applies only to the Site. This Notice does not apply to any products or services (including websites and software) managed, maintained, or hosted by third parties not directly affiliated with CanSurround that you may visit, e.g., via a link provided through the Site. CanSurround does not control the privacy policies of other products or services to which we may provide hyperlinks. We encourage you to learn more about the online privacy and data security policies of third party websites directly from such third parties, as their policies may differ from ours. 
2. Collection of Health Information and Usage Data.
CanSurround may use a number of different techniques and technologies to collect Health Information and Usage Data. For example, CanSurround may use cookies, local storage, webview, device identifiers, log files, clear gifs, pixel tags, embedded scripts, and/or other technology used to monitor your CanSurround experience.
Collection of Health Information. Whether you access the Services through the Website or the Mobile Site, most of the Health Information collected is expressly requested from you and inputted by you. Additionally, as is regular practice on many websites, the Website and Mobile Site use cookies and other technologies to help us understand which parts of the Site are more popular and how much time Users spend there. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to and stored on your device from our server. Cookies allow you, for example, to enter your password less frequently or to remember your preferences during an online session. The Website includes only first-party cookies (i.e., no third-party cookies that send data directly to a party other than CanSurround). The cookies that CanSurround uses do not store Health Information or other personal information, but they may store non-identifying information. Since cookies are now used as industry standard, most devices automatically accept cookies. If you access the Site through a Web browser and you prefer not to enable cookies, you may choose to disable them; however, certain features on the Site may not be available to you once cookies are disabled. 
Please note that if you use any bulletin board, chat room, comment posting feature, or other public communication service, forum, or feature offered by CanSurround , or post any information available for viewing by other Supporter Users that you invite, any of the information that you share will be visible to other Supporter Users that you invite. The information that you make available can be read, used, and collected by other Supporter Users to send you unsolicited messages outside of the Site. CanSurround is not responsible for the manner in which the information that you decide to share will be used by other Supporter Users. 
Collection of Usage Data. Usage Data are collected automatically by the Website and Mobile Site. You agree that we may collect and use technical data and related information, including technical information about your device, system and application software, and peripherals, to facilitate the provision of software updates, product support and other services to you related to CanSurround.
Additionally, in some of our email messages, CanSurround may use a “click-through URL” linked to content on a server operated by or on behalf of CanSurround. When a User clicks onto one of these URLs, the User will pass through our server before arriving at the destination Web page. CanSurround tracks this click-through data to help us determine User interest in certain subject matter and measure the effectiveness of these User communications. You can avoid being tracked in this way by not clicking text or graphic links in emails from CanSurround. 
Finally, we may use clear gifs or pixel tags, which are tiny graphic images, in order: (i) to advise us of what parts of the Site Users have visited, (ii) to measure the effectiveness of any searches Users perform, and (iii) to enable us to send emails in a format that Users can read and tell us whether such emails have been opened in order to ensure us that we are sending messages that are of interest to Users. 
Tracking. Some browsers may be configured to send Do Not Track signals to websites, or Users may use similar mechanisms, to indicate a User’s preference that certain web technologies not be used to track the User’s online activity. The Site does not accept or process such Do Not Track signals or similar mechanisms. Additionally, CanSurround does not “track” Users online activity across different websites when accessing the Website.
3. The Use and Disclosure of Health Information for Treatment. We will not disclose your Personal or Health Information to any third party for purposes related to your medical treatment. The Site may provide you with information regarding health-related benefits and services that may be of interest to you. 
4. Use and Disclosure of Health Information Without Your Permission. In some situations, we are required or permitted to use or disclose your Health Information without obtaining your consent or authorization. Here is a list of some of these situations: 
In a form that does not identify you. We may use or disclose information about you if it is in an anonymized statistical or summary form that does not identify you. 
To our subcontractors. We may disclose your Health Information to our subcontractors, such as those that assist us with our Site. We have contracts with each of our subcontractors that require that they protect your information.
As required by law. State, federal and local laws permit or require certain uses and disclosures of Health Information such as to track events. We will only use or disclose your Health Information to the extent the law requires. 
To the government for public health activities, health oversight activities and law enforcement. We may be asked or required by law to divulge Health Information to a public health authority such as to track product usage or for health oversight activities such as government inspections. Police and other law enforcement agencies may seek Health Information from us for law enforcement purposes. We may release this information to law enforcement under limited circumstances, for example, when the request is accompanied by a subpoena. 
For judicial and administrative proceedings. We may disclose Health Information as required by a court or administrative order, or in some instances pursuant to a subpoena, discovery request or other legal process. 
For research purposes. We may be approached by researchers to provide Health Information for research purposes. On some occasions, we may only provide such information with special waivers and permissions from you. 
To avert a serious threat to health and safety or for disaster relief efforts. We may use or disclose your Health Information to avert a serious and imminent threat to the health and safety of an individual or for disaster relief efforts.
Included in business transfers. CanSurround may buy, sell, or share assets in connection with, for example, a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. In such transactions, information about Users generally is often a transferred business asset. In the event that CanSurround itself or substantially all of CanSurround’s assets are acquired, information about our Users may be one of the transferred assets.
5. Individual Rights. You have certain rights with respect to your Health Information. If we do not agree to a request by you with respect to your Health Information, please consult the Privacy Officer whose contact information is at the end of this Notice. 
Restrictions. You have the right to request in writing that we do not disclose certain information about you. We do not have to agree to any restriction that you request. To request a restriction, please contact the Privacy Officer.
Confidential Communications. You have the right to request in writing that we restrict the way in which we communicate information regarding your health and health care services, such as sharing your Health Information with Users authorized by you. We will use reasonable efforts to accommodate your request. 
Access. You have the right to inspect and copy most of your Health Information maintained by us. Normally, we will provide you with access within 30 days of your request. We may charge a reasonable copying fee. In certain limited instances, we may deny you access. 
Amendment. You have the right to request that we amend your written Health Information. For instance, you can request that we correct an incorrect delivery date in your records. We will generally amend your information within 60 days of your request, and will notify you when we have amended your information. We can deny your request in certain circumstances, such as when we believe that your information is accurate and complete. 
Accounting. You have the right to request an accounting from us of certain disclosures made by us. We will generally provide you with your accounting within 60 days of your request. 
Paper Notice. You may obtain a paper copy by contacting the Privacy Officer. 
6. Our Obligation to You; Breach. We will maintain your Health Information based on best industry practices, as required by law, and in compliance with this Notice. We employ administrative, physical, and electronic measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access. For example, we use security measures such as encryption, firewalls, and secure socket layers (SSL) to protect User information. If your Health Information is breached (hacked or disclosed as a result of a transmission error) we will notify you as required by law. 
7. Children’s Privacy. We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. Nothing about CanSurround is intended for use by children under the age of thirteen (13) years old, and Users must be at least twenty-one (21) years of age to access and use the Website. By using the Website, you represent and warrant that you are twenty-one (21) years of age or older and that you agree to and agree to abide by all of the terms and conditions of this Notice and the CanSurround Terms of Use. If CanSurround believes that you are under the age of twenty-one (21), CanSurround may, at any time, in its sole discretion, and with or without notice: (i) terminate your access to or use of the Website (or any portion, aspect, or feature of them), or (ii) delete any content or information that you have posted through the Website.
8. Complaints. If you believe that any of your rights with respect to your Health Information have been violated by us, our employees or agents, please communicate with the CanSurround Privacy Officer at: 
Jon Brilliant
Chief Privacy Officer
complaint@CanSurround.com
If we are subject to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”), you may also contact the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. Under no circumstances will we take any retaliation against you for filing a complaint. 
9. Amending this Notice. We reserve the right to revise this Notice and to make the revised Notice effective for all Health Information that we created or received prior to the effective date of the revised Notice, but in the event we do so, we will request your consent to any such revisions. Copies of a revised Notice will be available at our offices, and questions may be addressed to the Privacy Officer whose contact information is above. This Notice will be promptly revised if there is a material change to a policy described herein. 





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 INDUSTRO | Travers Tool Co., Inc.
                        ×Close  Product Added to Your Cart        Continue Shopping     Go to Shopping Cart             ×Close  Item not Added to Cart! Please try again.        Continue Shopping              MENU                                      My Account  Sign In / Register            Phone: 800.221.0270  Fax: 800.722.0703                   Search           Cart 0 (0) – $0.00                       Home Supplies and More INDUSTRO                          Narrow Results             INDUSTRO                      Sign Up for Exclusive Savings!       Subscribe to receive Travers emails & hear about new arrivals, special promotions and exclusive offers      Sign-Up              Request Your FREE Catalog! Over 1,800 full-color pages geared to the metalworking industry!    Request Free Catalog                                                           Abrasives, Files & Deburring Tools | Travers Tool
                        ×Close  Product Added to Your Cart        Continue Shopping     Go to Shopping Cart             ×Close  Item not Added to Cart! Please try again.        Continue Shopping              MENU                                      My Account  Sign In / Register            Phone: 800.221.0270  Fax: 800.722.0703                   Search           Cart 0 (0) – $0.00                       Home Metalworking Abrasives, Files & Deburring Tools       Metalworking      Metal Cutting Tools: High Speed Steel & Solid Carbide    Measuring & Inspection Tools    Machine Tool Accessories    Industrial Machinery    Indexable Cutting Tools     Abrasives, Files & Deburring Tools     Cutting Fluids & Lubricants    Tooling Components & Workholding             Abrasives, Files & Deburring Tools Travers extensive selection of abrasives includes some of the highest quality & best-known products. Our abrasive product selection includes bonded wheels, cut-off wheels, deburring wheels, crimped brushes, wire scratch brushes, buffing, compounds & felts, coated abrasives, deburring, diamond & CBN products, dressing & truing tools, files, honing & lapping, non-woven abrasives, sharpening products & bonded grinding wheels. This includes lines such as TTC, CGW, Pferd, Weiler, 3M, Noga, Shaviv & more! An abrasive is a natural or synthetic grain or mineral used to reshape, resize, or finish a material through rubbing. Abrasives are generally used for grinding, deburring, sanding, and finishing; most often on metal or wood workpieces. It is important to consider the type and size of the grain (larger number means finer grit), as well as the direction of the scratch pattern (either linear or circular), when choosing an abrasive product. With over 150,000 products at great prices with top-notch customer service, Travers has the tools you need!      Product Categories        Coated Abrasives (2322)        Files (1346)        Wheels-Bonded Grinding (1237)        Non-Woven Abrasives (481)        Deburring (331)        Dressing & Truing Tools (223)        Bonded, Cut-Off, Deburring Wheels (236)        Buffing, Compounds and Felts (724)        Diamond & CBN Products (162)        Brushes - Crimped (275)        Sharpening Products (126)        Honing & Lapping (412)        Brushes - Wire Scratch (25)                Sign Up for Exclusive Savings!       Subscribe to receive Travers emails & hear about new arrivals, special promotions and exclusive offers      Sign-Up              Request Your FREE Catalog! Over 1,800 full-color pages geared to the metalworking industry!    Request Free Catalog                                                           Fasteners | Travers Tool
                        ×Close  Product Added to Your Cart        Continue Shopping     Go to Shopping Cart             ×Close  Item not Added to Cart! Please try again.        Continue Shopping              MENU                                      My Account  Sign In / Register            Phone: 800.221.0270  Fax: 800.722.0703                   Search           Cart 0 (0) – $0.00                       Home MRO Fasteners       MRO      Hand & Power Tools    Fluid Power    Safety & Hygiene Supplies    Storage & Workshop Equipment    Material Handling Equipment    Adhesives, Paint & Sundries     Fasteners     Welding & Soldering Equipment             Fasteners Our huge selection of fasteners includes seals & ties, nuts, pop rivets & nuts, maintenance screws, rings & gaskets, socket screws, thread repair kits, washers, & anchors. We have a large slection of fasteners in all sizes, both metric & regular. Our selection ranges across product lines including Danly, TTC, Te-Co, Chicago Hardware, Brighton Best, Holo-Krome, S&W, Simpson Strong Tie, Alcoa & more. With Travers experience & expertise in the industry we're your stop for all of your fastener needs!      Product Categories        Thread Repair (584)        Socket Screws (3565)        Pop Rivets & Nuts (95)        Nuts (42)        Screws - Maintenance (248)        Washers (22)        Seals & Ties (40)        Rings & Gaskets (2)        Anchors (12)                Sign Up for Exclusive Savings!       Subscribe to receive Travers emails & hear about new arrivals, special promotions and exclusive offers      Sign-Up              Request Your FREE Catalog! Over 1,800 full-color pages geared to the metalworking industry!    Request Free Catalog                                                           Welding Equipment & Apparel | Travers Tool
                        ×Close  Product Added to Your Cart        Continue Shopping     Go to Shopping Cart             ×Close  Item not Added to Cart! Please try again.        Continue Shopping              MENU                                      My Account  Sign In / Register            Phone: 800.221.0270  Fax: 800.722.0703                   Search           Cart 0 (0) – $0.00                       Home MRO Welding & Soldering Equipment       MRO      Hand & Power Tools    Fluid Power    Safety & Hygiene Supplies    Storage & Workshop Equipment    Material Handling Equipment    Adhesives, Paint & Sundries    Fasteners     Welding & Soldering Equipment              Welding & Soldering Equipment Travers Tool carries the essential equipment for welding and soldering including arc welding, portable torches, soldering and welding equipment.  Secure yourself with Travers Tool's welding protection equipment and complete your components with welding cutting oxyacetylene, brazing alloys, electrodes, and mig/tig consumables.      Product Categories        Welding Protection (128)        Arc Welding (19)        Soldering Equipment (21)        Welding Equipment (39)        Electrodes (13)        Welding Cutting Oxyacetylene (73)        Brazing Alloys (2)        Mig/Tig Consumables (37)        Portable Torches (2)                Sign Up for Exclusive Savings!       Subscribe to receive Travers emails & hear about new arrivals, special promotions and exclusive offers      Sign-Up              Request Your FREE Catalog! Over 1,800 full-color pages geared to the metalworking industry!    Request Free Catalog                                                          








6 Medical Facts on Primary Biliary Cholangitis | ActiveBeat

































































facebook
twitter
rss












 






Health News
Diet & Nutrition
Fitness
Studies
Recalls
Outbreaks
Your Health
Conditions
 











Home » Featured » 6 Medical Facts on Primary Biliary Cholangitis 6 Medical Facts on Primary Biliary Cholangitis

Featured, Mobile Slider Featured, Your Health



By: Catherine Roberts on			
	Tuesday, August 30th 

																				
View All On One Page (1 of 6) 











Tweet


Pin It

 


 






Bile is a essential bodily fluid, it travels from the liver via the bile ducts to the small intestine to aid in the digestion of fatty vitamins and fats. However, in patients with Primary Biliary Cholangitis (or PBC), the mode of transport for this digestive liquid, the bile ducts, become chronically inflamed and gradually break down, so that bile stays in the liver where it can scar and damage liver cells and lead to fatal liver disfunction and cirrhosis of the liver.
Let’s examine the causes, signs and symptoms, treatment options, and life expectancy for Primary Biliary Cholangitis…
1. Primary Biliary Cholangitis Causes and Risk Factors
Research from the American Liver Foundation notes that females make up 90-percent of the patients diagnosed with Primary Biliary Cholangitis. The age range of typical diagnosis is usually between 35- and 60-years of age.
However, medical professionals are unsure the exact cause of PBC, they suspect it may result from immune system issues. While Primary Biliary Cholangitis is not considered a hereditary condition, doctors do find that this decease is prevalent in families, siblings in particular, where one member has already been diagnosed.
 

Next »
ADVERTISEMENT




CirrhosisLiver DiseasePrimary Biliary CholangitisSlideshowTop 10

Share This Article








Tweet


Pin It

 





We Recommend








6 of the Best Foods to Eat Before a Workout


Workout











7 Lifestyle Tips To Avoid Developing Diabetes


Diabetes











7 Parenting Techniques to Get Toddlers to Cooperate


Parenting











8 Health Conditions Caused By Diabetes


Diabetes











6 Health Conditions Associated with Cleft Lip or Palate


Cleft Lip











8 Foods That Help Ease Anxiety


AnxietyAnxiety Disorder





















More on ActiveBeat




 
6 Common Symptoms of Delirium
Delirium is when you depart from normal cognitive brain function, and it can be brought on by a variety of causes ranging from certain medications to diseases to infections and...
Featured 



 
6 Food Ingredients that are a Recipe For Depression
There's been a lot of discussion lately about the gut/brain connection, and along the same lines, experts have already identified foods that could be making your depression worse.
Featured 



 
7 Natural Fever Relievers
Fevers – they can come out of nowhere, during any season, and can hit kids especially hard (kids tend to spike higher temperatures than adults).
Featured 



 
Irritable Bowel Syndrome: 6 Things to Know About a Low FODMAP Diet
Those with digestion issues such as Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) know all too well the discomfort of abdominal pain, intestinal gas and bloating that can occur after eating...
Featured 



 
8 Pros And Cons About Caffeine
Caffeine occurs naturally in beans and plants, which we consume in a variety of different foods and drinks - the most common being coffee, tea, energy drinks, carbonated beverages...
Featured 



 
8 Risk Factors For Gallstones
There's a good chance you've heard of gallstones, but what you may not know is that they're not really stones at all.
Featured 



 
6 Signs and Symptoms of Juvenile Rheumatoid Arthritis
Parents of children know one thing all too well: kids get sick, and they tend to get sick pretty often.
Featured 



 
Get Into Shape With These 9 Effective Fitness Apps
There’s an app for virtually every activity people do on a daily basis, from monitoring water intake, to meditation, to task management.
Featured 











 
6 Risk Factors for Developing Gout
Gout is the result of an increase in uric acid in your system that can lead to crystal deposits in your joints, and because of this buildup, your likelihood of developing kidney...
Featured 



 
8 Foods That Banish Bloating
Bloating: that uncomfortable pants-are-too-tight feeling many people experience after overeating at Thanksgiving and Christmas dinner.
Featured 



 
Crohn’s Disease Diet: 7 Gut-Soothing Foods to Eat
For those with Crohn’s disease, deciding what to eat each day can be challenging. Many foods that are considered nutritious staples in most people’s diets can cause the...
Featured 



 
7 Lifestyle Tips to Manage and Prevent Osteoarthritis
Osteoarthritis (OA) is the most common joint disorder in the U.S., affecting about 27-million people, according to Healthline.com.
Featured 



 
Add These 6 Foods to Your Diet to Treat Shingles
When it comes to calming the angry itching and pain from a shingles rash (caused by the same virus as chicken pox), you may be able to eat your way to relief.
Featured 



 
Uncovering 8 Signs of Perfectly Hidden Depression
When you think of someone who has depression, you probably think of someone who sits alone in a quiet room, speaks very little socially, or is generally sad even when a situation...
Featured 



 
Dementia vs. Alzheimer's Disease: 6 Differences to Remember
In the medical world, the terms "Alzheimer's" and "dementia" are often thrown around, often interchangeably.
Featured 










 
Popular on ActiveBeat

 


 

8 Causes of Liver Disease and Liver Failure
Featured 

 
 


 

How to Lower Elevated Liver Enzymes
Featured 

 
 


 

10 Telling Symptoms of Liver Damage
Featured 

 
 


 

The Main Causes and Symptoms of Liver Cancer
Featured 

 

 






You May Also Like




 
Fatty Liver Disease: 10 Common Symptoms
Featured 





 
New Liver Chemotherapy Bath Cancer Treatment Gives Hope
Featured 





 
Scientists Transform Skin Cells Into Liver Cells
Featured 




























Activebeat.com


Advertising
Sitemap
Authors
Contact Us
Disclaimer
Terms of Use







Browse

Health News
Diet & Nutrition
Fitness
Studies
Recalls
Outbreaks
Your Health
Conditions







Search & Share






















Activebeat Disclaimer



                                            The information on this site is not intended or implied to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. All content, including text, graphics, images and information, contained on or available through this web site is for general information purposes only.                                    






Copyright © 2016. All Rights Reserved.

Terms of Use - 
    Privacy Policy - 

                            Back to Top
























OUCH! 10 Tips For Soothing Sciatic Nerve Pain | ActiveBeat

































































facebook
twitter
rss












 






Health News
Diet & Nutrition
Fitness
Studies
Recalls
Outbreaks
Your Health
Conditions
 











Home » Featured » OUCH! 10 Tips For Soothing Sciatic Nerve Pain OUCH! 10 Tips For Soothing Sciatic Nerve Pain

Featured, Mobile Slider Featured, Your Health



By: Catherine Roberts on			
	Wednesday, October 16th 

																				
View All On One Page (1 of 10) 











Tweet


Pin It

 


 






You can’t help but notice the biting, shooting pain that comes with sciatica. This condition affects the sciatic nerve that runs across the buttock and down the back of the legs (the entire length of the hamstrings to the toes).
When sciatic nerve pain acts up, the nerve itself becomes inflamed due to an injury—for instance, a slipped disc, pinched nerve, pressure due to pregnancy, or poor posture. Sciatica can be very debilitating, however, there are a few tricks that can help soothe sciatic nerve pain and decrease inflammation.
Here are ten tips for relieving sciatica…
1. Massage
Massaging the muscles of the buttocks and backs of the legs (where the sciatic nerve runs) can loosen muscle tension and decrease painful nerve inflammation. How? Massage promotes blood circulation which will ease sciatic nerve tenderness and built up tension.


Next »
ADVERTISEMENT




Sciatic Nerve PainSciatic Nerve Pain ReliefSciatica PainSlideshowTop 10Treatments For Sciatica

Share This Article








Tweet


Pin It

 





We Recommend








8 Pros And Cons About Caffeine


Coffee











6 Food Ingredients that are a Recipe For Depression


Depression











7 Natural Fever Relievers


Fever











Irritable Bowel Syndrome: 6 Things to Know About a Low FODMAP Diet


Irritable Bowel SyndromeLow FODMAP Diet











8 Foods That Help Ease Anxiety


AnxietyAnxiety Disorder











8 Risk Factors For Gallstones


Gallstones





















More on ActiveBeat




 
6 Common Symptoms of Delirium
Delirium is when you depart from normal cognitive brain function, and it can be brought on by a variety of causes ranging from certain medications to diseases to infections and...
Featured 



 
6 Signs and Symptoms of Juvenile Rheumatoid Arthritis
Parents of children know one thing all too well: kids get sick, and they tend to get sick pretty often.
Featured 



 
Get Into Shape With These 9 Effective Fitness Apps
There’s an app for virtually every activity people do on a daily basis, from monitoring water intake, to meditation, to task management.
Featured 



 
6 Risk Factors for Developing Gout
Gout is the result of an increase in uric acid in your system that can lead to crystal deposits in your joints, and because of this buildup, your likelihood of developing kidney...
Featured 



 
6 Advantages & Benefits Of Cord Blood
What is cord blood? As the name suggests, it's literally the blood that emerges after a newborn baby's umbilical cord is cut by a doctor.
Featured 



 
6 Home Remedies for Sensitive Teeth
Experiencing sharp pains when consuming hot and cold foods and beverages, or when breathing in cold air, are common indicators of sensitive teeth.
Featured 



 
Scleroderma: 6 Things You Need to Know
If you've never heard of it, scleroderma is an autoimmune and rheumatic disease that can negatively impact the body through the hardening of the skin and underlying connective...
Featured 



 
7 Lifestyle Tips to Manage and Prevent Osteoarthritis
Osteoarthritis (OA) is the most common joint disorder in the U.S., affecting about 27-million people, according to Healthline.com.
Featured 











 
Add These 6 Foods to Your Diet to Treat Shingles
When it comes to calming the angry itching and pain from a shingles rash (caused by the same virus as chicken pox), you may be able to eat your way to relief.
Featured 



 
7 Ways to Coax Kids into Taking Medicine
When it comes to coaxing your child to take their required medication, it can be a bitter pill to swallow.
Featured 



 
Uncovering 8 Signs of Perfectly Hidden Depression
When you think of someone who has depression, you probably think of someone who sits alone in a quiet room, speaks very little socially, or is generally sad even when a situation...
Featured 



 
6 Non-Dairy Foods That Are Rich in Calcium
It’s well known that calcium is an essential nutrient for developing and preserving bone health.
Featured 



 
Addicted to Shopping: 5 Things to Know About Compulsive Buying Disorder
The term shopaholic is often used to playfully describe a friend that spends just a little too much time at the mall, but an addiction to shopping is a very real issue.
Featured 



 
6 Simple Ways to Prevent Jet Lag
Embarking on an international trip is an exciting time. The stress of planning is done and the plane has taken off; time to sit back and relax.
Featured 



 
6 Symptoms of Migraines in Children
We often associate migraine headaches with adulthood (even though they're actually the most common acute headache in kids), from the stresses of work and life.
Featured 










 
Popular on ActiveBeat

 


 

8 Effective & Natural Sciatica Treatments
Featured 

 
 


 

10 Common Causes of Hip Pain
Featured 

 
 


 

12 Causes of Low Back Pain
Featured 

 
 


 

6 of the Best Foods to Eat Before a Workout
Featured 

 

 






You May Also Like




 
7 Treatment Options for Juvenile Rheumatoid Arthritis
Featured 





 
7 Lifestyle Tips To Avoid Developing Diabetes
Featured 





 
Revealing 7 Facts About Impostor Syndrome
Featured 




























Activebeat.com


Advertising
Sitemap
Authors
Contact Us
Disclaimer
Terms of Use







Browse

Health News
Diet & Nutrition
Fitness
Studies
Recalls
Outbreaks
Your Health
Conditions







Search & Share






















Activebeat Disclaimer



                                            The information on this site is not intended or implied to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. All content, including text, graphics, images and information, contained on or available through this web site is for general information purposes only.                                    






Copyright © 2016. All Rights Reserved.

Terms of Use - 
    Privacy Policy - 

                            Back to Top
























The 10 Common Symptoms of Dementia: Knowing the Signs | ActiveBeat

































































facebook
twitter
rss












 






Health News
Diet & Nutrition
Fitness
Studies
Recalls
Outbreaks
Your Health
Conditions
 











Home » Featured » The 10 Common Symptoms of Dementia: Knowing the Signs The 10 Common Symptoms of Dementia: Knowing the Signs

Featured, Mobile Slider Featured, Senior's Health News, Your Health



By: Anna on			
	Monday, June 10th 

																				
View All On One Page (1 of 10) 











Tweet


Pin It

 


 






We’re all forgetful at times, regardless of our age and mental health. However, as we age, our risk of dementia increases, and by the age of 85 almost 35-percent of those in your age group with be afflicted with this degenerative disorder that causes gradually and worsening memory loss and mental skills.
If a loved shows the following ten early warning signs of dementia, book an appointment to see a doctor immediately…
1. Memory Loss
Mild cognitive impairment (or as doctors refer to it, MCI) explains memory loss that is more pronounced than typical age-related forgetfulness.  MCI will cause an inability to recall short term memory (or recent events) such as what you did yesterday or last week. However, suddenly a strong ability to remember specific from the past will occur.
A study from Rutgers University, estimates that roughly 4-percent of Americans between the ages of 65 and 74-years old have Alzheimer’s Disease, with the percentage raising steady as we grow. The same research estimates that roughly 50-percent of all Americans over 85-years of age suffer with Alzheimer’s Disease and that more than half of all dementia cases are misdiagnosed and actually Alzheimer’s Disease.


Next »
ADVERTISEMENT




DementiaSlideshowTop 10

Share This Article








Tweet


Pin It

 





We Recommend








10 Alarming Triggers for Alzheimer's Disease


Alzheimer's Disease











8 Breakthroughs in Alzheimer's Research


Alzheimer's Disease











September 21, 2016 is World Alzheimer's Day


Alzheimer's Disease











6 Bizarre Signs of Ill Health


General Health











8 Special Health Challenges for Aging Adults


Healthy Aging











6 Times Memory Loss Has Nothing to Do with Alzheimer's


Alzheimer's Disease





















More on ActiveBeat




 
The Benefits of Respite Care for Patient and Caregiver
Caring for a loved one can be extremely physically and emotionally demanding. However, many caregivers unselfishly give so much of their time tending to the needs of their loved...
Featured 



 
8 Conditions Often Confused with Alzheimer's Disease
There are few diseases more devastating than Alzheimer's disease, a menacing condition that causes the slow deterioration of brain functionality and ends, inevitably, in death.
Featured 



 
Reap and Sow the 6 Health Benefits of Gardening
Psst, I know a way to achieve better physical fitness, mental wellness, and nutrition in one hobby. Try your hand, or spade, at gardening.
Featured 



 
6 Hobbies that Make Us Smarter
When is the last time someone asked you about your hobbies at a job interview? You may not realize it, but our favored pastimes go far beyond relaxing forms of entertainment.
Featured 



 
Get Into Shape With These 9 Effective Fitness Apps
There’s an app for virtually every activity people do on a daily basis, from monitoring water intake, to meditation, to task management.
Featured 



 
6 Signs and Symptoms of Juvenile Rheumatoid Arthritis
Parents of children know one thing all too well: kids get sick, and they tend to get sick pretty often.
Featured 



 
6 Risk Factors for Developing Gout
Gout is the result of an increase in uric acid in your system that can lead to crystal deposits in your joints, and because of this buildup, your likelihood of developing kidney...
Featured 



 
6 Common Symptoms of Delirium
Delirium is when you depart from normal cognitive brain function, and it can be brought on by a variety of causes ranging from certain medications to diseases to infections and...
Featured 











 
7 Natural Fever Relievers
Fevers – they can come out of nowhere, during any season, and can hit kids especially hard (kids tend to spike higher temperatures than adults).
Featured 



 
8 Risk Factors For Gallstones
There's a good chance you've heard of gallstones, but what you may not know is that they're not really stones at all.
Featured 



 
Irritable Bowel Syndrome: 6 Things to Know About a Low FODMAP Diet
Those with digestion issues such as Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) know all too well the discomfort of abdominal pain, intestinal gas and bloating that can occur after eating...
Featured 



 
6 Food Ingredients that are a Recipe For Depression
There's been a lot of discussion lately about the gut/brain connection, and along the same lines, experts have already identified foods that could be making your depression worse.
Featured 



 
8 Pros And Cons About Caffeine
Caffeine occurs naturally in beans and plants, which we consume in a variety of different foods and drinks - the most common being coffee, tea, energy drinks, carbonated beverages...
Featured 



 
8 Foods That Help Ease Anxiety
In the United States alone, anxiety disorders affect more than 40 million adults aged 18 or older—over 18 percent of the country’s population.
Featured 



 
7 Parenting Techniques to Get Toddlers to Cooperate
Taming a toddler is one of the great challenges of adulthood – they sometimes don't listen to reason, and the more you try to coax them to eat, sleep or take medicine, the more...
Featured 










 
Popular on ActiveBeat

 


 

Study Says Dementia Risk With Sleeping Pills: Seniors At Risk
Featured 

 
 


 

10 Risk Factors for Dementia
Featured 

 
 


 

Dementia: One Size Does Not Fit All
Featured 

 
 


 

Dementia Drugs Could Damage Kidneys in Seniors, Study Suggests
Featured 

 

 






You May Also Like




 
Obesity Could Reduce Risk of Dementia
Featured 





 
Exposure to Air Pollution Causes Dementia, Study Suggests
Featured 





 
8 Health Conditions Caused By Diabetes
Featured 




























Activebeat.com


Advertising
Sitemap
Authors
Contact Us
Disclaimer
Terms of Use







Browse

Health News
Diet & Nutrition
Fitness
Studies
Recalls
Outbreaks
Your Health
Conditions







Search & Share






















Activebeat Disclaimer



                                            The information on this site is not intended or implied to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. All content, including text, graphics, images and information, contained on or available through this web site is for general information purposes only.                                    






Copyright © 2016. All Rights Reserved.

Terms of Use - 
    Privacy Policy - 

                            Back to Top
























10 Symptoms of a Gallbladder Attack | ActiveBeat

































































facebook
twitter
rss












 






Health News
Diet & Nutrition
Fitness
Studies
Recalls
Outbreaks
Your Health
Conditions
 











Home » Featured » 10 Symptoms of a Gallbladder Attack 10 Symptoms of a Gallbladder Attack

Featured, Men's Health News, Mobile Slider Featured, Women, Your Health



By: Anna on			
	Thursday, June 20th 

																				
View All On One Page (1 of 10) 











Tweet


Pin It

 


 






Gallbladder attacks are downright scary! Often mistaken for a heart attack, when the gallbladder is unhealthy, this small digestive organ is unable to properly aid the digestive process (by storing liver bile and excreting it into the small intestine to for food digestion). As a result, gallstones can form and block bile ducts, bile can back up in the gallbladder and cause painful inflammation, or the gallbladder can become infected with a condition known as Cholecystitis.
A gallbladder attack can come on suddenly and last anywhere between a few minutes to a few hours, requiring hospitalization. That’s why staying calm and recognizing the signs can be important to your health and ability to sustain an attack.
1. Belly Pain
The gallbladder is a little sac, or storage compartment, for bile, which is produced by the liver. The gallbladder emits bile into the small intestines via a duct referred to as the cystic duct. The entire process is meant to break down foods (namely fatty foods). You wouldn’t normally pay too much attention to your gallbladder, unless bile flow slows or becomes blocked, which can be very painful.
One of the most common and evident symptoms of gallstones is pain that begins in the upper right portion of the stomach, under the ribs. This belly pain will radiate outwards, moving gradually to the center of the belly or upper back. Gallstone attacks accompanied by pain of this nature usually last 15 minutes, but many patients report continuing or lingering pain can go on for hours and even rouse you from sleep.


Next »
ADVERTISEMENT




Gall StonesGallbladder AttackSlidehowTop 10

Share This Article








Tweet


Pin It

 





We Recommend








8 Pros And Cons About Caffeine


Coffee











6 Food Ingredients that are a Recipe For Depression


Depression











7 Natural Fever Relievers


Fever











Irritable Bowel Syndrome: 6 Things to Know About a Low FODMAP Diet


Irritable Bowel SyndromeLow FODMAP Diet











8 Foods That Help Ease Anxiety


AnxietyAnxiety Disorder











8 Risk Factors For Gallstones


Gallstones





















More on ActiveBeat




 
6 Common Symptoms of Delirium
Delirium is when you depart from normal cognitive brain function, and it can be brought on by a variety of causes ranging from certain medications to diseases to infections and...
Featured 



 
6 Signs and Symptoms of Juvenile Rheumatoid Arthritis
Parents of children know one thing all too well: kids get sick, and they tend to get sick pretty often.
Featured 



 
Get Into Shape With These 9 Effective Fitness Apps
There’s an app for virtually every activity people do on a daily basis, from monitoring water intake, to meditation, to task management.
Featured 



 
6 Risk Factors for Developing Gout
Gout is the result of an increase in uric acid in your system that can lead to crystal deposits in your joints, and because of this buildup, your likelihood of developing kidney...
Featured 



 
6 Advantages & Benefits Of Cord Blood
What is cord blood? As the name suggests, it's literally the blood that emerges after a newborn baby's umbilical cord is cut by a doctor.
Featured 



 
6 Home Remedies for Sensitive Teeth
Experiencing sharp pains when consuming hot and cold foods and beverages, or when breathing in cold air, are common indicators of sensitive teeth.
Featured 



 
Scleroderma: 6 Things You Need to Know
If you've never heard of it, scleroderma is an autoimmune and rheumatic disease that can negatively impact the body through the hardening of the skin and underlying connective...
Featured 



 
7 Lifestyle Tips to Manage and Prevent Osteoarthritis
Osteoarthritis (OA) is the most common joint disorder in the U.S., affecting about 27-million people, according to Healthline.com.
Featured 











 
Add These 6 Foods to Your Diet to Treat Shingles
When it comes to calming the angry itching and pain from a shingles rash (caused by the same virus as chicken pox), you may be able to eat your way to relief.
Featured 



 
Uncovering 8 Signs of Perfectly Hidden Depression
When you think of someone who has depression, you probably think of someone who sits alone in a quiet room, speaks very little socially, or is generally sad even when a situation...
Featured 



 
6 Non-Dairy Foods That Are Rich in Calcium
It’s well known that calcium is an essential nutrient for developing and preserving bone health.
Featured 



 
Addicted to Shopping: 5 Things to Know About Compulsive Buying Disorder
The term shopaholic is often used to playfully describe a friend that spends just a little too much time at the mall, but an addiction to shopping is a very real issue.
Featured 



 
6 Simple Ways to Prevent Jet Lag
Embarking on an international trip is an exciting time. The stress of planning is done and the plane has taken off; time to sit back and relax.
Featured 



 
6 Symptoms of Migraines in Children
We often associate migraine headaches with adulthood (even though they're actually the most common acute headache in kids), from the stresses of work and life.
Featured 



 
7 Aphasia Therapies and Treatments to Talk About
Aphasia is the inability to properly communicate orally or through writing, usually as the result of a stroke or another medical problem.
Featured 










 
Popular on ActiveBeat

 


 

10 Common Causes of Gallstones
Featured 

 
 


 

7 Symptoms you May Have a Gallbladder Problem
Featured 

 
 


 

6 Foods to Avoid if You Have Gallbladder Issues
Featured 

 
 


 

6 of the Best Foods to Eat Before a Workout
Featured 

 

 






You May Also Like




 
7 Treatment Options for Juvenile Rheumatoid Arthritis
Featured 





 
7 Lifestyle Tips To Avoid Developing Diabetes
Featured 





 
Revealing 7 Facts About Impostor Syndrome
Featured 




























Activebeat.com


Advertising
Sitemap
Authors
Contact Us
Disclaimer
Terms of Use







Browse

Health News
Diet & Nutrition
Fitness
Studies
Recalls
Outbreaks
Your Health
Conditions







Search & Share






















Activebeat Disclaimer



                                            The information on this site is not intended or implied to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. All content, including text, graphics, images and information, contained on or available through this web site is for general information purposes only.                                    






Copyright © 2016. All Rights Reserved.

Terms of Use - 
    Privacy Policy - 

                            Back to Top















